Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3977 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 2016 No. 99 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 21, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable G
ARRET  G
RAVES to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Without a future, as a people, we are depressed and limited in creative imag-ing. Without a past, we are inexperi-enced and lost between success and failure. Be as present to this Nation today as You were to our Founders. As the Cre-ator and providential Lord, guide the Members of this people’s House and all their efforts to uphold the Constitution and have it interface with present re-alities until true priorities arise as the Nation’s agenda. Stir within all Americans a soli-darity that will always unite and never divide us. Renew in us a spirit that will enable this country to be a righteous leader into a bold future, shaping a new culture of collaboration and under-standing for the 21st century. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. TORRES led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
AMERICAN BIBLE SOCIETY CELEBRATES 200 YEARS (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 200th anniversary of the American Bible Society, an organi-zation that works to make the Bible available to every person in a language and format each can understand and af-ford so all people may experience its life-changing message. Our forefathers knew well the value of casting our burdens on God and prayer and that, above all, this Nation needed a moral and spiritual founda-tion in order to survive and thrive. It is why some of them were also the first leaders of the American Bible Society, including Elias Boudinot, the first president of the Continental Congress; and John Jay, the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. From its beginnings distributing Bi-bles to members of the military to pub-lishing the first Bible in braille to re-cently launching a library of digital Bible translations, the American Bible Society has changed lives by sharing God’s word. Congratulations on this important milestone. f 
NBA CHAMPIONS CLEVELAND CAVALIERS (Ms. FUDGE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, as I stand in my wine and gold and black today, I quote the words of LeBron James, in Cleveland, ‘‘nothing is given. Every-thing is earned.’’ I rise today to congratulate our 2016 NBA champions, the Cleveland Cava-liers. They earned it. Facing a 3–1 series deficit, the Cava-liers beat all the odds. Led by LeBron James, the team quieted all doubters and brought home the Larry O’Brien Trophy. It was historic, something that had never been done in the history of the NBA. Cleveland’s victory ended the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.000 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3978 June 21, 2016 
city’s 52-year championship drought, the longest in professional sports his-tory. No city has witnessed as many heart-breaking moments in sports. But not this time, Mr. Speaker. This time, it was our time. Over those 52 years, our fans never wavered, never lost hope. We always believed. Mr. Speaker, the wait is over. Vic-tory is ours. Congratulations to the NBA world champion Cleveland Cava-liers. 
f 
ISLAMIC TERRORIST GLOBAL THREAT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the Associated Press reported Friday the global reach of the Islamic State. This clearly clarifies we are in a global war on terrorism, confirming we must defeat Islamic terrorists overseas or they will murder here again, as they did in Orlando and San Bernardino. The article reveals: ‘‘The U.S. battle against the Islamic State has not yet curbed the group’s global reach and as pressure mounts on the extremists in Iraq and Syria, they are expected to plot more attacks on the West and incite violence by lone wolves, CIA Director John Brennan told Congress. ‘‘In a rare open hearing, Brennan gave the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee an update on the threat from Is-lamic extremists . . . ‘ISIL has a cadre of Western fighters who could poten-tially serve as operatives for attacks in the West’ . . . ‘Furthermore, as we have seen in Orlando, San Bernardino and elsewhere, ISIL is attempting to inspire attacks by sympathizers who have no direct links to the group.’ . . . ‘our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capability and global reach.’’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
CLOSE A DANGEROUS LOOPHOLE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Congress has no greater responsibility than act-ing to keep the American people safe. That is why House Democrats, focused on a strong and smart national secu-rity plan, have repeatedly made at-tempts to close a dangerous loophole that allows suspected terrorists to buy deadly weapons, weapons like those that we just saw used in the horrific mass shooting in Orlando. Eighty percent of Americans, an overwhelming majority, support a law that would prevent people on the FBI’s terrorist watch list from being able to buy guns. For the American people, it is common sense. It is a no-brainer. Yet Republicans in Congress con-tinue to do everything they can to stop us not just from acting, but to stop us from even having a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives as to whether this legislation ought to go forward. In the Senate, they have blocked efforts—they just did yester-day—to bring up this commonsense legislation. Speaker RYANand House Republicans continue to keep us from bringing up a bill authored by one of the Republican Members of this House that would pre-vent an individual on the terrorist watch list from buying a gun. It is long past time. Congress needs to act. 
f 
HELPING MINNESOTA’S YOUTH (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address child-hood obesity in the recent efforts in Minnesota, my home State, to address this concern for families throughout our State and across this country. Over the past decade, as a nation, we have seen a great deal of time and en-ergy dedicated to combatting child-hood obesity, and thus far, we have seen great successes. The Robert Wood Johnson Founda-tion recently highlighted St. Cloud, the largest city in Minnesota’s Sixth Con-gressional District, because of an im-pressive 24 percent decline in obesity for 12-year-olds over the past 7 years. This incredible shift in the health and well-being for Minnesota’s youth could not have occurred without joint com-munity effort. As an example, in St. Cloud, we have been lucky enough to have the help of healthcare providers like CentraCare, who look past the boundaries of their hospitals and their clinics and bring their work into the communities where they live. I applaud the efforts of great Min-nesota companies and organizations like CentraCare, Coborn’s, Bernick’s, and many others who are dedicated to working together to improve the over-all health in our Minnesota commu-nities. 
f 
HUWALDT 80TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor Harrison and Varedo Huwaldt of Randolph, Nebraska, cele-brating their 80th wedding anniversary today, June 21, 2016. Yes, that is 80 years together. After meeting on a blind date in 1935, the Huwaldts mar-ried within a year and began their life together. During their 80 years of marriage, they have visited all 50 States, oper-ated their own filling station and a trucking business, and enjoyed water skiing, golfing, and taking cruises to-gether. They have three children, six grandchildren, and four great-grand-children. They have also been active members in their community. Harrison served on the city council for more than 50 years, while Varedo served as church organist for 25 years. Now, at the ages of 100 and 99, respec-tively, the Huwaldt’s eight-decade commitment to each other inspires all who hear their love story. I ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Harrison and Varedo Huwaldt on their remarkable 80 years of marriage. f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5538, DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVI-RONMENT, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. CALVERT from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–632) on the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
END TAXPAYER FUNDED CELL PHONES ACT OF 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5525) to prohibit universal service support of commer-cial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Life-line program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5525 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘End Tax-payer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIFELINE SUPPORT FOR MOBILE SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on January 1, 2017, a provider of commercial mobile service or commercial mobile data service may not receive universal service support under sec-tions 214(e) and 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 214(e); 254) for the provi-sion of such service through the Lifeline pro-gram of the Federal Communications Com-mission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.004 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3979 June 21, 2016 
(b) C ONTRIBUTIONS .—For calendar year 2017, the amount that telecommunications car-riers that provide interstate telecommuni-cations services and other providers of inter-state telecommunications are required to contribute under section 254(d) of the Com-munications Act of 1934 to Federal universal service support mechanisms shall be deter-mined— (1) without regard to subsection (a); and (2) as if the same amount of support for the provision of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program that is provided in calendar year 2016 is provided in calendar year 2017. (c) E
XCESS COLLECTIONS .—The amount col-lected pursuant to subsection (b)(2) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States, for the sole purpose of deficit reduction. No portion of such amount may be treated as a credit toward future contributions required under section 254(d) of the Communications Act of 1934. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMERCIAL MOBILE DATA SERVICE .—The term ‘‘commercial mobile data service’’ has the meaning given such term in section 6001 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Cre-ation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1401). (2) C
OMMERCIAL MOBILE SERVICE .—The term ‘‘commercial mobile service’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 332 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5525, the End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016, which would pro-hibit universal service fund support through the Lifeline program to com-mercial mobile and data service car-riers. This legislation would restore the Lifeline program to its original intent of providing access to telecommuni-cation services for eligible individuals via landline phones. Many of us in this body and many of our constituents have witnessed tents and stands outside of our grocery stores or on the street corner giving away so-called free phones. At a time when everyday Americans are working harder and harder to make ends meet and when government spending is out of control, our constituents don’t un-derstand why this is still going on. And, Mr. Speaker, neither do I. Before I go further, I want to be clear. These Americans who accept these free phones are not the ones who are taking advantage of this system. It is the carriers who stand to benefit from the system that are taking advan-tage of our citizens, and the program is systemically unable to stop the cycle of waste, fraud, and abuse. When offered something for free with little or no verification and with little or no knowledge about who is paying for that item, I believe you would be hard pressed to find someone who wouldn’t, at least, consider taking the item. The problem is that there is a fi-nancial incentive for the carriers to ex-pand the number of Lifeline users, and there is far less incentive to diligently verify the eligibility of the individuals who apply. The Lifeline program, created under President Reagan to serve a legitimate need, has largely gone unchecked and has ballooned since 2005, when it was expanded to include mobile phone serv-ices. While the FCC has implemented re-forms aimed at rooting out the waste, fraud, and abuse in the program, seri-ous issues remain to this day. For ex-ample, the National Lifeline Account-ability Database was created to help carriers prevent duplication of service. However, certain carriers use the inde-pendent economic household override to easily circumvent the one-phone- number-per-household rule by merely checking the box on a form without any supporting documentation. Data recently obtained by the FCC reveals that between October of 2014 and April of 2016, carriers enrolled 4,291,647 duplicate subscribers to the Lifeline program by widespread use of this targeted exception to the pro-gram’s one-person household rule. When skirting the rules is so easy, fraud becomes rampant. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, in April of this year, the FCC fined a carrier, Total Call Mobile, for overbilling the Lifeline program for millions of dollars by fraudulently enrolling duplicate and ineligible consumers. Again, the car-rier, Total Call Mobile, was able to do this by circumventing the National Lifeline Accountability Database and manipulating customer information. These reports come on the heels of the FCC’s recent announcement to in-crease the so-called budget for Lifeline by $725 million, a tax increase on Americans which is neither subject to congressional oversight nor approval. b1415 While the widespread fraud is not hindering eligible recipients from re-ceiving phones, it is costing taxpaying Americans money. In order to increase the Lifeline budget, if you will, the FCC must increase the universal serv-ice fee. I bet most Americans don’t know what fee I am talking about. The universal service fee is a tax on the bottom of your phone bill right here. That so-called fee is what pays for the FCC’s Universal Service Fund, which includes the Lifeline program. When the costs of the Lifeline pro-gram go up because of waste, fraud, and abuse, you know who pays for it? Everyday Americans, who are al-ready struggling to make ends meet, get a tax increase on their phone bill. The FCC is asking for Americans to shoulder the cost of this increase with-out fully addressing the fraud, waste, and abuse within the program. It is clear that this lack of accountability and rampant fraud is systemic to the Lifeline program, and the price of this continues to be paid by Americans across the country. American taxpayers are already over-burdened, Mr. Speaker, and should not be forced to pay for a program that is unquestionably riddled with waste, fraud, and abuse. It is simple good gov-ernance to rein in programs like Life-line that have vastly expanded in scope and have done so with an ever-increas-ing share of Americans’ hard-earned dollars. Congress must act to impose fiscal discipline to ensure increased costs are not shouldered by Americans. I do not stand here today and say that there is not a need for Lifeline, nor do I deny the fact that there are a good number of people in this country who are eligible for this program. We should continue to ensure that the Lifeline program exists to provide those people with access to critical telecommunications services, but we should also remember the many people making just barely enough not to be el-igible for assistance through Lifeline who would be hurt by any increase in the taxes on their phone bill: an in-crease caused by a government that won’t deal with the crisis of waste, fraud, and abuse. The original intent of the Lifeline program was pure: provide access to telecommunications services to con-sumers, including low-income con-sumers at reasonable and affordable rates. My legislation aims to restore that original intent. We can provide for people in need without taking from those who have nothing left to give. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5525. A few weeks ago when Speaker R
YAN presented his anti-poverty plan, many of us were skeptical and argued that his proposals would not actually help the poor. The Ryan plan was sim-ply a rebranding of failed policies that congressional Republicans have been pushing for years. Unfortunately, we are quickly find-ing out that our fears were justified, Mr. Speaker. Today, Speaker R
YANand the Republican majority are bringing a bill to the floor that would eliminate the successful Lifeline program that provides millions of low-income Ameri-cans access to basic communication services. It would leave people with no way to search for job postings, no way to schedule interviews, and no way to get a call back from a potential em-ployer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.002 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3980 June 21, 2016 
This goes far beyond jobs, Mr. Speak-er. Cell phones are a necessity in mod-ern, everyday life. Low-income Ameri-cans rely more heavily on mobile phones and mobile Internet service than the overall population. Children from low-income homes use Lifeline to help do their homework. Seniors use it to manage their health care and call their family and loved ones. Victims of domestic violence use it to find the help and support they need, and vic-tims of assaults use their Lifeline phones to call 911 in an emergency, which makes me question how exactly this bill fits into Speaker R
YAN’s anti- poverty agenda. The legislation is so extreme when you consider that congressional Repub-licans are looking to gut a Lifeline pro-gram created in the Reagan adminis-tration and expanded to include wire-less service in the Bush administra-tion. At least 9.8 million Americans de-pend on the Lifeline program to stay connected using mobile phones, and this bill would leave these people stranded. Some claim that the program is fraught with government waste. I heard that from the gentleman from Georgia. But these claims ignore the fact that the Obama administration has eliminated nearly three-quarters of a billion dollars in waste, fraud, and abuse. This bill will do absolutely nothing to help taxpayers. In fact, the Congres-sional Budget Office estimates that this bill would essentially create a $1.2 billion tax. Specifically, the bill directs the FCC to continue collecting funds from the American people that had been used for the Lifeline program, but not pay any benefits out. Rather than cut taxes, this bill essentially creates a new one. When it comes down to it, congres-sional Republicans already know there are significant problems with this bill. They don’t want it to pass. That is the only way to explain why they came up with this cynical procedural move to ignore regular order and set up the bill to fail. They are bringing it up under a suspension of the rules, which requires a two-thirds majority. They think that the American people will not hold them accountable for their bad policies if they let Democrats kill the bill. Worse, this maneuver comes from a committee that normally obsesses with process for the agencies in our jurisdic-tion. It seems those concerns apply only to others. Well, I think more high-ly of our constituents. I think they see through these kinds of ploys. The American people know that if Republicans are really serious about battling poverty and shrinking the size of Lifeline, they would work with us to create more jobs for those who are un-employed or underemployed. The best way to lower the costs of the Lifeline program is to lift people up and not to take away their connection to a better life. We should not be spending our time on bills like this. We could be looking at ways to take guns from terrorists instead of taking phones from Ameri-cans who are looking for jobs. We could be working together to increase the minimum wage and repair our crum-bling infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, this bill abandons our most vulnerable, and I urge all of my colleagues to oppose it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, today we are on the floor for a very impor-tant question, and the question is: Will Congress ignore knowledge of some $476 million that is considered documented fraud that is taking place on behalf of taxpayers of the United States of America? Mr. Speaker, a letter from Commis-sioner Pai at the Federal Communica-tions Commission dated June 8, 2016— not even a month ago—goes to Mr. Chris Henderson, chief executive offi-cer, Universal Service Administrative Company of the United States. It docu-ments abuse in here, and I would read if I may: ‘‘Thank you again for your May 25 letter, which contained detailed data on how wireless resellers have used the National Lifeline Accountability Data-base. My staff has concluded further analysis of that data, and I am now concerned that the abuse of the Uni-versal Service Fund’s Lifeline program is more widespread than I first thought.’’ Mr. Speaker, Mr. S
COTT is here on the floor today to protect the tax-payers of this country and the integ-rity of the laws that we have passed and that we have oversight of by virtue of being Members of Congress. The $476 million is a problem because it is docu-mented that it is duplicate use by orga-nizations that have been fined over $50 million by the FCC. In no way is Mr. S
COTT or this legis-lation attempting to take away Life-line service that is very important to not only members particularly in rural areas, but other areas of the United States to provide them access to broadband that has been created by our American ingenuity. I would note, however, that what we are doing is that we do not believe the government has any business in funding the fraud that has been made available. Mr. Speaker, I was on the original Labs team out of New Jersey that de-veloped broadband in the mid-1980s. I was on the original team that brought forth this product to the American peo-ple, and it was done with great antici-pation to help better people’s lives, to allow all areas of the United States— and probably the world—to better con-nect itself for the new transitional world that we would live in. I don’t think it was ever envisioned that we would want it to be misused in such a way that it would cost tax-payers of this country $500 million a year in fraud. It is there as an advocate for people to gain jobs, to understand education better, and to use the ave-nues of technology to better their lives. Where you have documented fraud, the United States Congress has a re-sponsibility to stand up. I believe that is what we are saying today. By this suspension vote, we are expecting two- thirds of this body to recognize that where there is widespread fraud that the United States Congress, on behalf of the taxpayer who paid the bill for the fraud, that something responsible would be done about it. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this letter from Commissioner Pai. I would ask, more importantly, that this Congress be responsible about saying it is documented fraud that we are after, not Lifeline service. 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION , Washington, DC, June 8, 2016. Mr. C
HRIS HENDERSON , Chief Executive Officer, Universal Service Ad-ministrative Company, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. HENDERSON : Thank you again for your May 25 letter, which contained detailed data on how wireless resellers have used the National Lifeline Accountability Database (NLAD). My staff has concluded further anal-ysis of that data, and I am now concerned that abuse of the Universal Service Fund’s Lifeline program is more widespread than I first thought. Before 2012, it was well known that dupli-cate subscribers (that is, individuals getting multiple subsidies) plagued the Lifeline pro-gram. In the 2012 Lifeline Reform Order, the Commission codified the one-per-household rule, which prohibits more than one Lifeline subscription from going to a single house-hold. To curb the problem of duplicate sub-scriptions and enforce the one-per-household rule, the FCC established the NLAD. The NLAD is designed to help carriers identify and resolve duplicate claims for Lifeline service and prevent future duplicates from enrolling. Although the NLAD rejects multiple sub-scribers at the same address, the FCC also instructed USAC to ‘‘implement procedures to enable applicants to demonstrate at the outset that any other Lifeline recipients re-siding at their residential address are part of a separate household.’’ USAC did so by al-lowing carriers to override NLAD’s rejection of an applicant with the same address as an-other subscriber. As USAC’s website ex-plains, to carry out an independent economic household (IEH) override (as USAC calls it), an applicant must merely check a box on a form and need not provide any supporting documentation. Unfortunately, this well-intentioned ex-ception to the override process appears to be undermining the one-per-household rule. The NLAD is not preventing a large number of duplicate subscribers from claiming Lifeline subsidies. We saw in the Total Call Mobile case how unscrupulous carriers could regularly reg-ister duplicate subscribers by fraudulently using the address of a local homeless shelter, altering a person’s name, and using fake So-cial Security numbers to evade detection. As a result, USAC had to de-enroll 32,498 dupli-cates from Total Call Mobile’s rolls. But your May 25 letter reveals an even greater problem. Specifically, USAC’s data reveal that Carriers enrolled 4,291,647 sub-scribers between October 2014 and April 2016 using the IEH override process. That’s more than 35.3% of all subscribers enrolled in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.008 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3981 June 21, 2016 
NLAD-participating states during that pe-riod. Indeed, that’s more people than live in the State of Oregon. And the price to the taxpayer is steep—just one year of service for these apparent duplicates costs taxpayers $476 million. It is alarming that over one-third of sub-scribers—costing taxpayers almost half a bil-lion dollars a year—were registered through an IEH override. Therefore, I respectfully re-quest that you provide the following infor-mation to my office: 1. Of the 4,291,647 subscribers enrolled using an IEH override between October 2014 and April 2016, how many are still enrolled in the Lifeline program? To the extent these sub-scribers are no longer enrolled, please quan-tify (1) how many subscribers left the pro-gram of their own volition, (2) how many de- enrolled as a result of a specific investiga-tion, audit, or review, and (3) how many de- enrolled as a result of annual verification checks. 2. Please explain the process USAC used to establish the current IEH override process. Specifically, please explain why carriers are not required to collect any documentation demonstrating that a subscriber is ‘‘part of a separate household’’ for purposes of an IEH override and why staff do not review either the certification form or any documentation before authorizing an IEH override. 3. Please describe the steps USAC has taken to verify the integrity of the IEH over-ride process. Specifically, I am interested in understanding the steps taken to verify that subscribers enrolled with an IEH override are in fact economically independent from other Lifeline subscribers at the same address. a. For example, one Total Call Mobile sales agent testified that he filled out applica-tions, checking off the boxes he knew appli-cants needed to check to enroll. What proc-ess does USAC use to minimize and detect such behavior? b. Does USAC contact existing subscribers at a particular address before enrolling a new subscriber at that address to verify eco-nomic independence? c. Has USAC sampled a set of subscribers to determine whether subscribers can dem-onstrate economic independence through documentation (such as tax forms)? d. Has USAC coordinated with federal or state agencies to determine whether sub-scribers have consistently represented them-selves as economically independent? 4. According to the 2014 Lifeline Biennial Audit Plan, independent auditors were re-quired to create a list of apparent duplicates for each carrier subject to the audit and verify for a sample of 30 apparent duplicates that ‘‘at least one subscriber at each address [has] complete[d] a one-per-household work-sheet.’’ Were auditors required to verify whether such subscribers were actually eco-nomically independent from other Lifeline subscribers at the same address for a sample of apparent duplicates? If not, why not? 5. Please describe any investigations, au-dits, or reviews that USAC has conducted from October 2014 to the present to verify that subscribers enrolled with an IEH over-ride are in fact economically independent from other Lifeline subscribers at their ad-dress. Please include any such reports draft-ed or issued by USAC or, in the case of no such report, a summary of USAC’s findings. 6. Please describe any recommendations USAC has to improve the IEH override proc-ess to ensure that taxpayer funds are not wasted. Please identify any FCC rule changes that would be necessary to effec-tuate such improvements. 7. You reported in your May 2 letter that USAC also conducts Payment Quality Assur-ance (PQA) reviews and regularly analyzes the NLAD for ‘‘anomalies, duplicates, or other errors that may signal improper pay-ments of potentially fraudulent behavior.’’ As a result of those reviews, USAC discov-ered and de-enrolled 373,911 duplicates from the NLAD between February and May 2015. Please describe any other investigations, au-dits, or reviews that USAC has conducted from October 2014 to the present to eliminate duplicate subscribers from the NLAD. Please include any such reports drafted or issued by USAC or, in the case of no such report, a summary of USAC’s findings. 8. In the Total Call Mobile case, one sales agent alleged that he could enroll the same person multiple times in the NLAD so long as the applicant used different devices with-in a 15-minute timespan. Is this claim true? If so, what steps will USAC take to close this apparent loophole? I appreciate USAC’s continued work to protect the American taxpayer and safe-guard the Universal Service Fund. I also ap-preciate that USAC often takes instruction from the FCC in fulfilling its role. Given the hundreds of millions in taxpayer funds ap-parently lost to unscrupulous behavior in the Lifeline program, I hope you will agree that USAC’s paramount task must be to eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse from the Lifeline program. I therefore ask that you respond with the requested information by July 28, 2016. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact my office. Sincerely, A
JITPAI, Commissioner, Federal Communications Commission. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. I thank the ranking member from New Jersey for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 5525, a bill that under-mines the Lifeline program and dem-onstrates the majority’s continued in-difference to the struggle of low-in-come Americans. The Lifeline program helps 9.8 mil-lion people across this country access cell phone service which, as we all know, is a necessity for modern every-day life. For decades, helping strug-gling Americans access basic tech-nology was a bipartisan initiative. It was started under President Reagan, and then expanded under President George W. Bush. I am surprised and disappointed that my Republican col-leagues have chosen today to end that tradition of bipartisanship on behalf of struggling families. Let’s be clear, a vote for this bill is a vote to take critical devices away from people who need them the most. We are taking service away from older Ameri-cans who use it to manage their health care and call their loved ones. We are taking service away from students who use cell data to do their homework. We are taking service away from victims of domestic violence who use it to get help and support. We are taking service away from unemployed workers who use it to find a good-paying job. Most importantly, we are taking devices out of the hands of Americans who use Lifeline to call 911 during an emer-gency. Why? The majority says it will save con-sumers money, but the way that the bill is written, it will not save a dime for consumers or American taxpayers. We continue to collect the fees, but we do not provide Lifeline services. This legislation will do one thing and only one thing: Make it harder for low-in-come Americans to get back on their feet. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 5525. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S
COTT for allowing me time to speak on this. Obviously, I rise today in support of H.R. 5525, the End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016. This administration has continued to expand existing programs for their own political benefit, with one of the most glaring examples being the ‘‘Obama phone,’’ also known as the Lifeline pro-gram. This was created back in the 1980s. Lifeline brought telecommuni-cation services to consumers, including those with low income. While this program started with good intentions, like most programs do, the Lifeline program has spiraled out of control, and the budget for this pro-gram is growing astronomically. In an effort to curb wasteful spend-ing, I am proud to support my col-league from Georgia’s legislation. It is a commonsense approach to reining in wasteful spending in Washington. Americans are tired of the Federal Government spending taxpayer money that is not accounted for, and this bill is a step in the right direction. Americans watch their money, and Washington should too. This legisla-tion restores the Lifeline program back to its original purpose and narrows its scope to cut fraud and abuse, which has been mentioned multiple times here this morning. We have to put an end to bloated bureaucracy one Federal pro-gram at a time. b1430 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. T
ORRES ). Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I was a 911 dispatcher for 17
1⁄2years in Los An-geles. It used to be that, when we had land lines, you didn’t have to be a sub-scriber to telephone service to be able to dial 911 for police emergencies, fire emergencies, or paramedic services. People could simply keep their phone plugged in and be able to dial 911. That is no longer the case, as more and more phone companies are doing away with land lines. More and more people now have to subscribe to tele-phone service in order to be able to ac-cess 911 for paramedics, for a police emergency, or for a fire service emer-gency. So we have created a system that is working against the poorest of the poor in our communities, and now the Re-publicans want to take that away from them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.003 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3982 June 21, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 30 seconds. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. Allow the people in the United States to be able to access an ambulance, a police officer, or a firefighter for free. The poorest of the poor are depending on you to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia has 9
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to correct a cou-ple of things that were said from the start. First of all, this piece of legislation does not eliminate the Lifeline pro-gram. It does move it back to land lines and away from the cellular serv-ices. I would also, respectfully, submit that multiple pieces of legislation have been introduced in an effort to address the waste, fraud, and abuse in this pro-gram. The number that I mentioned earlier—4,291,647—is cases where we be-lieve there has been an abuse of the system. The phone companies get ap-proximately $10 a month per phone that they hand out. That is a tremen-dous amount of waste, fraud, and abuse. It is almost $500 million. So when we see that much waste, fraud, and abuse in the system, we as a Congress have a responsibility to put the integrity back into that system. There have been a tremendous num-ber of pieces of legislation that have been introduced. They have all not been able to come to the floor. I want to thank our leadership for putting a bill on the floor that does the one thing in attempting to eliminate that waste, fraud, and abuse of this system. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to address some of the points that the gentleman from Georgia made. First of all, 85 percent of the program goes toward wireless service; mobile phones. So when the gentleman says that we are eliminating wireless and that it doesn’t matter because we will go back to land lines, that is just sim-ply not the case. That is what the gen-tlewoman from California just ex-plained. I am concerned that what I am really hearing from the gentleman from Geor-gia is the notion that somehow, if there are more than two lines at a given address, it is fraud. I just want to eliminate that notion because I think that criticism misses the point. There is an exception in the Lifeline program that can permit more than one line per household. This exception is a critical feature that allows people without a long-term home address to take advantage of the program. These are the very people Lifeline was de-signed to help. The system allows those living in a homeless shelter, without a stable ad-dress, to have access to a phone. It even allows veterans in a group home to access the Internet. So it is not fraud to allow these people access to phones because they happen to have the same address. While this particular feature of the program may not be the cause of harm that has been alleged, Democrats are serious about eliminating the waste, fraud, and abuse from the Lifeline pro-gram. We stand ready to work with Re-publicans to make the program better. When we had a hearing in the Energy and Commerce Committee, one of the points we were making was, just cut-ting the program doesn’t eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse. You under-stand, this bill simply says we are going to cut the funds. It doesn’t say how that is going to eliminate the waste, fraud, and abuse. I will tell you there never was a markup. It just came to the floor. We did have a hearing. There was no mark-up. So this is not regular order. But the bottom line is, we said over and over again, as Democrats: work with us to eliminate the fraud and abuse. The Obama administration has always done that. This doesn’t do that. This just cuts the program and goes back to what my two colleagues from California were saying: you now have all these people who are poor and working people, who don’t have enough money to pay for these phones. They just don’t have the phone anymore, and so they don’t have access to a mobile phone in order to make those critical calls for some of the purposes that were mentioned. As I said, during the Obama adminis-tration, the FCC has already reduced expenditures by nearly a billion dol-lars. In fact, the FCC recently took ad-ditional substantial steps to prevent potential abuses of the program. The FCC very recently created an inde-pendent, third-party National Lifeline Eligibility Verifier. So there is a sin-gular, disinterested referee making Lifeline eligibility decisions. So an effort is being made—a serious effort—that has already saved a lot of money to try to improve this program. But, again, the bill before us does noth-ing to target waste, fraud, or abuse. It just cuts off truly deserving low-in-come Americans from a program that can help them improve their lives. So for that reason, I urge my col-leagues to oppose the bill. In closing, I don’t want to keep re-peating the same thing, but I think it is pretty clear where I and my col-leagues on this side of the aisle stand. This bill would cut off millions of low- income persons from having wireless service and access to the Internet. If enacted, it would prohibit commercial wireless providers from receiving money from the Universal Service Fund Lifeline program, and that pro-gram subsidizes phones for low-income Americans. Without this program, mil-lions of Americans will be left strand-ed, without any phones. The bill is being brought to the floor under suspension of the rules, even though no committee has actually held a markup on the bill. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no,’’ to pro-tect low-income Americans’ Lifeline wireless phone service. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I, again, want to reiterate that this bill does not eliminate the Lifeline pro-gram. It takes it back to the original intent. I appreciate the newfound commit-ment to deal with the waste, fraud, and abuse, and I look forward to working with you on that legislation, if this one should not pass. We have a responsi-bility to make sure that, when we are creating access to any program, we have integrity in this program. This is not in any way, shape, or form in-tended to do anything but to bring that integrity back. Again, Mr. Speaker, this is about eliminating approximately $500 million a year worth of waste, fraud, and abuse. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition of H.R. 5525, the End Tax-payer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016, be-cause it will end an essential program that helps millions of elderly, low-income and poor people have access to cellphone service. As the founder and chair of the Children’s Caucus I am particularly focused on the needs of children and their families. H.R. 5525 would deny the Universal Service Fund, the charge levied on land lines to help fund telecommunications services for low in-come people, the ability to use funds to help people purchase cell phones. The Lifeline Program was first implemented in 1985 by President Reagan and expanded in 2005 by President George W. Bush to include commercial mobile service and commercial data service, the Lifeline program ensures that all Americans have the opportunities, assist-ance, and security that phone service brings. Lifeline is a successful program, currently supporting over 12 million people who make up our nation’s most vulnerable populations to call 911 and other emergency services, con-tact prospective and current employers, and connect with essential health, social, employ-ment, and educational services. According to one Lifeline provider, more than 80 percent of Lifeline subscribers in 2011 had an average household income below $15,000; more than 45 percent of Lifeline sub-scribers were Caucasian compared to 40 per-cent who were African American and 7 per-cent who were Hispanic. In the 2016 Lifeline Modernization Order, the Commission included broadband as a sup-port service in the Lifeline program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.011 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3983 June 21, 2016 
The Commission also set out minimum service standards for Lifeline-supported serv-ices to ensure maximum value for the uni-versal service dollar, and established a Na-tional Eligibility Verifier to make independent subscriber eligibility determinations. Lifeline enables the most vulnerable among us to be participating members of our society; cutting wireless services could prevent individ-uals from being able to, among other things: receive a communication about a child’s ill-ness at school while they are at work; summon medical help in a car accident; speak with their employers about additional work shifts while commuting by public transit; or alert first-responders of public emergencies (such as a fast-moving fire, a flooded road, or a violent attack) that pose a threat to the larg-er community. Today, 9.8 million Americans depend on the Lifeline program to stay connected using mo-bile phones. The legislation comes on the heels of real enforcement by the FCC to crack down on carriers that have abused the program, includ-ing a $51 million fine against Total Call Mobile announced in April. Even more, this shameful bill was not con-sidered under regular order and has not been considered by any committee. If the critics of the Lifeline program sincerely think the costs of the program are a problem, they should work with Democrats to address inequality, to close the gender pay gap, to raise the minimum wage, and to put more people to work through universal broadband infrastructure projects. The Lifeline Program is working in my state of Texas. Texans are eligible for lifeline cell phone service if they receive benefits from any of the following programs: National School Lunch (free program only); Federal Public Housing Assistance / Section 8; Health Benefit Coverage under Children’s Health Insurance Plan (CHIP); Low Income Home Energy Assistance (LIHEAP) Medicaid; Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (Food Stamps); Supplemental Security Income (SSI); Bureau of Indian Affairs General Assistance; Temporary Assistance for Needy Families; Tribally-Administered Temporary Assistance for Needy Families; Food Distribution Program on Indian Res-ervations; You may also qualify for lifeline service in Texas if your Total Household Income is at or under 150 percent of the Federal Poverty Guidelines. For these reasons I join the NAACP in strongly opposing H.R. 5525, because it will do real damage to our national effort to ex-pand indispensable access to telephone and cellphone service. I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 5525. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5525. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States were commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES FROM ONE AIRPORT AT A PREVIOUSLY AS-SOCIATED AIRPORT Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4369) to authorize the use of passenger facility charges at an airport previously associated with the airport at which the charges are collected. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4369 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. USE OF PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES FROM ONE AIRPORT AT A PREVIOUSLY ASSOCIATED AIRPORT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On December 22, 2015, the Los Angeles City Council, the Los Angeles Board of Air-port Commissioners, the Los Angeles World Airports, the Ontario City Council, and the Ontario International Airport Authority agreed to transfer ownership and control of Ontario International Airport from the city of Los Angeles and Los Angeles World Air-ports to the Ontario International Airport Authority, a local joint powers authority es-tablished by and between the county of San Bernardino and the city of Ontario. (2) Pursuant to the agreement, the Ontario International Airport Authority intends to use between $70,000,000 and $120,000,000 in pas-senger facility charges collected at Ontario International Airport to finance eligible projects at Los Angeles International Air-port, as compensation for passenger facility charges collected, consistent with section 40117(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, at Los Angeles International Airport for use at Ontario International Airport in the 1990s, when both airports were controlled by Los Angeles World Airports. (3) The amendment made by subsection (b) applies exclusively to Ontario International Airport, allowing passenger facility charges to be used for eligible projects at Los Ange-les International Airport while making no other changes to passenger facility charges eligibility requirements. (4) No additional appropriations are re-quired to implement the agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) or the amendment made by subsection (b). (b) P
ASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES .—Section 40117(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) U
SE OF PFC REVENUES AT PREVIOUSLY  
ASSOCIATED AIRPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-quirements of paragraph (1) and subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary may author-ize use of a passenger facility charge to fi-nance an eligible airport-related project if— ‘‘(i) the eligible agency seeking to impose the new charge controls an airport where a $2 passenger facility charge became effective on January 1, 2013; and ‘‘(ii) the airport described in clause (i) and the airport at which the project will be car-ried out were under the control of the same eligible agency on October 1, 2015. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—Not more than $120,000,000 in passenger facility charges col-lected under subparagraph (A) may be used to carry out an eligible airport-related project described in that subparagraph.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4369. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4369, a bill that will provide regulatory relief to Los Angeles Inter-national Airport and Ontario Inter-national Airport and facilitate a trans-fer of Ontario International Airport to a new airport authority. I want to thank Mr. C
ALVERT , the sponsor of the bill, for introducing this legislation and for his leadership on this issue. With that, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4369. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4369, as you heard, is a bipartisan, narrowly tailored bill to address a time-sensitive issue in southern California that impacts the Ontario and Los Angeles International Airports, both of which serve my dis-trict in southern Nevada. This bill has the support of my col-leagues from southern California, and I appreciate them coming to the floor today to speak about its importance to their districts. Mr. Speaker, when one airport au-thority takes ownership of an airport from another authority, there needs to be a process by which that new author-ity can repay the passenger facility charges that were collected up to that point. This bill would provide such a mechanism. There is urgency in addressing this issue, as the current transfer authority between these two airports is set to ex-pire at the end of this year. I support that, but I would be remiss if I didn’t acknowledge the fact that, while we stand on the floor today discussing this urgent matter affecting our aviation system, we are mere weeks away from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.004 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3984 June 21, 2016 
the expiration of the third extension of the current FAA authorization bill. Months ago, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee passed legis-lation which includes numerous time- sensitive and important provisions. Yet, because of a proposal to privatize our air traffic control system, I, along with my fellow Democrats on the com-mittee, were forced to oppose the bill. Meanwhile, our Senate colleagues have passed a bipartisan FAA bill with over-whelming support. Mr. Speaker, again, I am in favor of this legislation that we are considering today, but it is my sincere hope that we will see a similar urgency in ad-dressing other aviation needs, like the needs of large airports like McCarran International Airport, in my district; the need to extend the authorization for the unmanned aerial test ranges; the need to develop a low-altitude air traffic management system for UAS operations; and the need to address a number of the important issues that are facing our Nation’s airspace that are in the FAA reauthorization bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) the sponsor of this bill. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, today is a good day for the Inland Empire re-gion in southern California. For many years now, our region has advocated for restoring local control of Ontario International Airport and putting the future growth of air travel in our own hands. My legislation that the House is con-sidering today, H.R. 4369, is one of the final necessary steps that will facili-tate the transfer of Ontario Inter-national Airport from the city of Los Angeles to the Ontario International Airport Authority. Both the cities of Ontario and Los Angeles, as well as FAA staff, have put in hundreds of hours of effort to ap-prove and prepare for the management transfer of this hub airport. When both Ontario International Air-port and Los Angeles International Airport were operated by the same agencies, passenger facility charges, or PFCs, collected at one airport could be used for the projects at the other one. b1445 Going forward, H.R. 4369 will enable a certain amount of passenger facility charges collected at the now inde-pendent Ontario International Airport to be used for projects at Los Angeles International Airport as a way to pay back LAX for sharing its passenger fa-cility charges in the past years. Since it is not possible under existing law today, we are fixing this glitch. This legislation has broad bipartisan support and will not cost the taxpayers a penny. Furthermore, the bill does nothing to increase passenger facility charges or any other fees for airport passengers. H.R. 4369 is supported by all stake-holders, including the FAA, the City of Los Angeles, Los Angeles World Air-ports, the City of Ontario, and the On-tario International Airport Authority. The bill is supported by the entire bi-partisan Inland Empire delegation, in-cluding Representative TORRES , Rep-resentative A
GUILAR , Representative C
OOK, Representative R OYCE , Rep-resentative R
UIZ, and Representative T
AKANO . Over in the Senate, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN has introduced identical legisla-tion, and I am hopeful the Senate can quickly approve this bill after we pass it here today. There have been many people in-volved in this effort over the past few years. I want to specifically thank FAA Administrator Michael Huerta, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, On-tario Councilmen Alan Wapner and Jim Bowman, as well as the rest of the On-tario City Council and other elected of-ficials from throughout the Inland Em-pire who have supported restoring local control of Ontario Airport. I also want to thank Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY and Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chair-man B
ILLSHUSTER for helping us move this important legislation to the House floor today. The Inland Empire has and continues to be one of the fastest growing regions in California and in the Nation, and it is far past time that we control our own aviation future. I am confident, with local control restored, Ontario International Airport will be a signifi-cant contributor to future economic growth in our region. I urge all my colleagues to support this important legislation. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. T
ORRES ), who is a cospon-sor of this bill. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today is a key step to finalizing the transfer of local con-trol of the Ontario International Air-port, a transfer which, after lengthy negotiations, was finally agreed to by all parties last year. This transfer, Mr. Speaker, is long overdue. Ontario Airport, located in my congressional district, is a major economic driver for the Inland Empire region. When Los Angeles World Airports began operating Ontario back in 1967, it was with the intention of attracting more airlines and service options to the Inland Empire. Well, circumstances have changed quite a bit since that time. The Inland Empire isn’t just the out-skirts of Los Angeles anymore. It is a rapidly growing region, attracting more and more new residents and busi-nesses with a strategic location along a major freight corridor that makes it a hub for manufactured and agricultural goods. It also provides more convenient air travel options to residents of San Bernardino and Riverside Counties who, otherwise, would have to travel up to 2 or 3 hours to fly out of LAX. Transferring control of the airport back to Ontario means that the people who are most affected and who most closely understand the needs of the re-gion are the ones who are going to be shaping the airport’s future. This transfer is not possible without the leg-islation we are considering today. As part of the settlement agreement, $120 million of passenger facility rev-enue collected at Ontario will be used for FAA-qualified capital projects at LAX. $50 million of that will come from existing passenger facilities fees that are controlled by LAWA, but were collected at Ontario. The remaining $70 million will come from future pas-senger facility charges collected at On-tario within the next 10 years. These are funds that have always been in-tended to go to LAWA for projects at LAX. Congress must now pass this one- time fix that will allow the transfer of funds from one airport authority to an-other. Otherwise, once control of On-tario Airport shifts to the Ontario International Airport Authority, there will be no mechanism to transfer the funds to LAWA as they have agreed. Without this bill, the agreement can-not move forward, and the FAA cannot approve the agreement and grant the Ontario International Airport Author-ity a certificate to operate. Many of us have been calling for local control of Ontario Airport for quite a long time, and this agreement has been years in the making. All par-ties have agreed to the terms and are ready to move forward. As a frequent flier out of Ontario, I hope Congress does not stand in its way. I would like to thank my colleague, Congressman C ALVERT , for helping to bring this important bill to the floor, and the rest of the Inland Empire dele-gation for their support. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ), another cosponsor of the bill. Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentle-woman from Nevada for the time. Mr. Speaker, the Inland Empire should have control of its regional air-port, and local residents should have access to affordable domestic and international flights. With that in mind, I rise in support of H.R. 4369, which would facilitate the transfer of Ontario International Air-port from the City of Los Angeles. While the number of flights offered at Ontario Airport has decreased, the demand for those flights has not. In-dustry experts estimate that 2 million passengers a year are forced to drive to Los Angeles or other regional airports due to the lack of flights and connec-tions offered at Ontario. The region is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.014 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3985 June 21, 2016 
losing up to 8,000 jobs and $400 million in yearly business activity. As the Inland Empire continues to grow in population, it needs the On-tario International Airport to be under local control. It is a vital economic re-source to our region, with the potential to serve 30 million passengers annu-ally, and it is a conflict of interest for Los Angeles World Airports to control Ontario, a direct competitor. On a personal note, I am ready to give up the long commute from River-side to LAX. And in that spirit, 3 years ago I wrote a letter to Mayor Garcetti of Los Angeles outlining the need to transfer control of Ontario Airport to our region. I am happy that we are fi-nally moving forward with this legisla-tion to ensure an arrangement that is best for the Inland Empire. I would like to thank my colleagues, Congressman K
ENCALVERT and Con-gresswoman N
ORMA TORRES , and all the rest of our delegation from the Inland Empire of southern California, for their hard work on this issue. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legisla-tion. I also extend my thanks to the gentlewoman from Nevada for her sup-port. I strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am pre-pared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, have no further speakers. I just want to say that I support this legislation. I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I also admonish them to show the same degree of urgency when it comes to re-authorizing the FAA. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill of my colleague, Mr. C
ALVERT . I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R 4369, ‘‘A bill that authorizes the use of passenger facility charges at an air-port previously associated with the airport at which the charges are collected.’’ As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, I strongly support this commonsense measure to improve and sustain airport security. Since its inception, Passenger Facility Charges (PFCs) have been used to improve safety, enhance security, and increase the ca-pacity of airports to serve the traveling public. A Passenger Facility Charge is a service fee and is also an additional fee charged to de-parting and connecting passengers at an air-port. H.R. 4369 clarifies and streamlines opportu-nities that will help ease travel through our na-tion’s airports while improving our national se-curity. For example this bill will enable: The preservation and protection of the na-tion’s air transportation system; Enhanced competition between and among air carriers; Funding projects that benefit local commu-nities; and Meeting airline and passenger demands to accommodate future growth for our nation’s economy. In 2015, more than 700 million passengers and 400 million checked bags were screened by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). Each day, TSA processes an average of 1.7 million passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation. In 2012, TSA screened 637,582,122 pas-sengers. The Bush International and the William P. Hobby Airports are essential hubs for domes-tic and international air travel for Houston and the region. Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through Wil-liam P. Hobby (HOU). More than 650 daily departures occur at IAH. IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic. IAH has 12 all-cargo airlines and handled more than 419,205 metric tons of cargo in 2012. Airlines and airports are expected to experi-ence a significant increase in passenger traffic coming into the 2016 summer peak travel months across the nation’s largest airports. As a result of the Passenger Facility Charges airports will continue to receive the needed funds to modernize and keep up with the growing traffic demands and safety and security challenges of our nation’s airports. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4369, which would allow for a local settlement agreement in Southern California between the City of Los Angeles and the new Ontario Airport Authority. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for bringing this bill to the House floor today, and I thank Congress-woman T
ITUS for managing the floor debate. I would also like to thank my bipartisan col-leagues from California, Rep. C
ALVERT and Rep. T
ORRES , for their leadership on this bill. Mr. Speaker, after 5 years of negotiations the City of Los Angeles has agreed to transfer its ownership of the Ontario Airport to a new airport authority created by the City of Ontario and San Bernardino County. This deal has been supported by all stake-holders in order to give the people of the In-land Empire in Southern California control over their own airport. The residents, businesses, and cities in my district in the San Gabriel Valley are also very supportive of this agreement. The Ontario Air-port is only 15 miles from the center of my dis-trict, whereas Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is 40 miles from the center of my dis-trict, and there is constant traffic. San Gabriel Valley residents and businesses would much rather use Ontario Airport than LAX if it had better flight options to more locations, which this bill will help accomplish. Allowing for local control of the airport puts the best interest of our region first in improving and managing the airport. I am also appreciative that this agree-ment makes sure that airport workers will not lose their jobs during and after the transition. The major point in this local agreement was providing for the repayment of passenger facil-ity charge fees (PFCs) that Los Angeles had collected at LAX in the 1990s and used to construct a new terminal at Ontario Airport. The settlement agreement requires Ontario Airport to pay back LAX with future PFCs col-lected at Ontario. The problem is that federal law only allows the transfer of PFCs from one airport to another airport if they are owned by the same airport authority. This is the current law that allowed LAX to transfer PFCs to On-tario. Since the new agreement transfers control of Ontario Airport to a new airport authority, without our legislation the new Ontario Airport authority is prohibited from paying back the PFCs to LAX. Mr. Speaker, our bill today is a narrow change in the use of PFCs to allow those col-lected at Ontario International Airport to be used for projects at LAX. This amendment was carefully written as to only apply to On-tario Airport and LAX. There are no federal funds used in this amendment, and it does not change any of the policy requirements of the use of PFCs. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the support of my col-leagues for H.R. 4369. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4369. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR RAPID INNOVATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5388) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for in-novative research and development, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5388 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 319. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support the re-search, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technologies, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, consistent with current law. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The research and devel-opment supported under subsection (a) shall serve the components of the Department and shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.015 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3986 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(1) advance the development and accel-erate the deployment of more secure infor-mation systems; ‘‘(2) improve and create technologies for detecting attacks or intrusions, including real-time continuous diagnostics and real- time analytic technologies; ‘‘(3) improve and create mitigation and re-covery methodologies, including techniques and policies for real-time containment of at-tacks, and development of resilient networks and information systems; ‘‘(4) support, in coordination with non-Fed-eral entities, the review of source code that underpins critical infrastructure informa-tion systems; ‘‘(5) develop and support infrastructure and tools to support cybersecurity research and development efforts, including modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity technologies; ‘‘(6) assist the development and support of technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in in-dustrial control systems; and ‘‘(7) develop and support cyber forensics and attack attribution capabilities. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— ‘‘(1) the Under Secretary appointed pursu-ant to section 103(a)(1)(H); ‘‘(2) the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate; and ‘‘(3) industry and academia. ‘‘(d) T
RANSITION TO PRACTICE .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support projects carried out under this title through the full life cycle of such projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transitions. The Under Secretary shall identify mature tech-nologies that address existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private infor-mation systems and networks of information systems, identify and support necessary im-provements identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and in-troduce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the homeland security enterprise through partnerships and commercialization. The Under Secretary shall target federally funded cybersecurity research that dem-onstrates a high probability of successful transition to the commercial market within two years and that is expected to have a no-table impact on the public or private infor-mation systems and networks of information systems. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in section 227. ‘‘(2) H
OMELAND SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘homeland security enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, in-cluding Federal, State, local, and tribal gov-ernment officials, private sector representa-tives, academics, and other policy experts. ‘‘(3) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ has the meaning given such term in section 227. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-formation system’ has the meaning given such term in section 3502(8) of title 44, United States Code.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 318 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 319. Cybersecurity research and devel-opment.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking the last sentence; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) PRIOR APPROVAL .—In any case in which the head of a component or office of the Department seeks to utilize the author-ity under this section, such head shall first receive prior approval from the Secretary by providing to the Secretary a proposal that includes the rationale for the utilization of such authority, the funds to be spent on the use of such authority, and the expected out-come for each project that is the subject of the use of such authority. In such a case, the authority for evaluating the proposal may not be delegated by the Secretary to anyone other than the Under Secretary for Manage-ment.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the projects for which the authority granted by subsection (a) was utilized, the rationale for such utili-zations, the funds spent utilizing such au-thority, the extent of cost-sharing for such projects among Federal and non-Federal sources, the extent to which utilization of such authority has addressed a homeland se-curity capability gap or threat to the home-land identified by the Department, the total amount of payments, if any, that were re-ceived by the Federal Government as a re-sult of the utilization of such authority dur-ing the period covered by each such report, the outcome of each project for which such authority was utilized, and the results of any audits of such projects.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-velop a training program for acquisitions staff on the utilization of the authority pro-vided under subsection (a).’’. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as part of Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY ’s Innovation Initiative, I am very pleased to bring two important bills to the floor today that further the leader’s efforts for en-suring that government can more effec-tively leverage cutting-edge cyber technologies. As chairman of the Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Secu-rity Technologies Subcommittee, my colleagues and I have been working diligently with technology innovators, including tech startups, to find solu-tions that will help spur innovation and break down bureaucratic barriers that are currently preventing govern-ment from leveraging the private sec-tor’s emerging technologies. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that the House is first considering H.R. 5388, the Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016, on the floor today. H.R. 5388 re-quires the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s Science and Technology Direc-torate, or S&T, to more effectively co-ordinate with industry and academia to support the research and develop-ment of cybersecurity technologies. H.R. 5388 requires S&T to support the full lifecycle of cyber research and de-velopment projects and to identify ma-ture technologies to address cybersecu-rity gaps. In doing so, S&T must target federally funded cybersecurity research that demonstrates a high probability of successful transition to the commer-cial market within 2 years. This bill also extends the use of other transaction authority, or OTA, until the year 2020, which will improve DHS’ ability to engage tech startups that are developing these cutting-edge tech-nologies. Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5388 also includes important accountability re-quirements to ensure that there will be proper oversight of the authority. In December of last year, the House passed H.R. 3578, the Science and Tech-nology Reform and Improvement Act. That bill included provisions similar to those in the bill that we are consid-ering today. Mr. Speaker, over the last several years, we have seen evolving cyberse-curity threats from nation-states, in-cluding China, Russia, North Korea, and Iran, as well as cyber threats from criminal organizations and terrorist groups like ISIS. Cyber criminals con-tinue to develop even more cutting- edge cyber capabilities. In 2016, these hackers pose an even greater threat to the U.S. homeland and our critical infrastructure. The Federal Government desperately needs to keep pace with these evolving threats and more actively work with the private sector to find solutions. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Homeland Security’s Directorate of Science and Technology is the primary research and development arm of the Department and, because the Direc-torate manages basic and applied re-search and development, including cy-bersecurity R&D for the Department’s operational components and first re-sponders, ensuring that there are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.008 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3987 June 21, 2016 
mechanisms in place like S&T’s cyber-security research and development pro-grams and OTA to support the dynamic nature of the cybersecurity research and development is both vital and es-sential for addressing Homeland Secu-rity capability gaps. Thank you again, Mr. Speaker, for calling up this important bill today be-cause I am convinced that it will have an incredibly positive impact on en-couraging technology innovation across the Nation to address our evolv-ing homeland security needs. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 5388, the ‘‘Support for Rapid In-novation Act of 2016,’’ which your Com-mittee reported on June 8, 2016. H.R. 5388 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2016. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5388, the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. b1500 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5388, the Sup-port for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5388, the Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016, di-rects the Department of Homeland Se-curity to support advancements in cy-bersecurity research. Hackers, cyberterrorists, and other cybercriminals are constantly inno-vating. As such, it is a security impera-tive that the Federal Government—or, more specifically, DHS—innovate, too. To that end, H.R. 5388 directs DHS to support promising projects to, among other things, improve the detection of cyber attacks or intrusions and mitiga-tion and recovery from such attacks. This bill is based on two provisions contained in H.R. 3578, the DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act, which passed the House last December. Specifically, H.R. 5388 directs DHS’ Under Secretary for Science and Technology to bolster research and development of cyberse-curity technology to improve the shar-ing of information, analysis, and meth-odologies to address cybersecurity risk and incidents. Additionally, H.R. 5388 extends for 4 years the Department’s authority to utilize other transaction authority instead of the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation to fund basic, ap-plied, and advanced R&D projects. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) has put two bills before this House, two bills that are part of our broader Innovation Ini-tiative that take the power of human discovery and apply it to national secu-rity. We know that what protected us in the past isn’t sufficient for today or the future. Oceans were our greatest defense for much of our history, but distance became less important in the age of jets and rockets. Radar was a revolutionary discovery that helped us see threats before they arrived, but radar can’t help us find a potential ter-rorist being radicalized in our very own neighborhoods. We can’t rely today on what worked in the past. We need new weapons, new tools, and new defenses. We need more, and the government can’t do it alone. The dangers are too pressing for Wash-ington to find the best ways to protect the American people all by itself. Across this country, there are innovators who are finding the an-swers, and we need to listen to them. The House knows this, and one of our bills directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to engage with private citi-zens who can join in the task of mak-ing our great country safe. The second bill of the Innovation Ini-tiative today focuses explicitly on cy-bersecurity: to update and improve de-tection of intrusions, improve recov-ery, and reduce vulnerabilities in the industrial systems we rely on. We have seen, repeatedly, from the Office of Personnel Management to the IRS to businesses in the private sector that our cyber defenses are simply not up to the task. But we can do better. We always can and we always will. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the ideas being put forward for the Innovation Initiative so far. America has unprece-dented potential, and through the focus of this initiative, we will discover new and better ways to keep America safe. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our Nation faces grow-ing, diverse, and increasingly sophisti-cated cybersecurity threats. These threats necessitate a Federal response that includes supporting innovative cy-bersecurity research and development, testing, and evaluation. This response is dependent on strong public and pri-vate collaboration. Such collaboration is essential to ensuring that promising technologies are introduced into the marketplace in a timely manner. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5388. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge all of my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 5388, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5388, the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016,’’ which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for improved innovative research and develop-ment. I support this bill because it would extend the Department of Homeland Security sec-retary’s pilot program for research and devel-opment projects and prototype projects through 2020. This bill would require the secretary to re-port annually to the House Homeland Security and Science committees and the Senate Homeland Security Committee on the dynam-ics of the projects undertaken. Specifically, H.R. 5388 would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to include fun-damental improvements to facilitate informa-tion, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, consistent with the current law. In particular, it adds a new section to the Homeland Security Act, directing the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to support— whether within itself, other agencies, or in aca-demia and private industry—the research and development of cybersecurity-related tech-nologies. As a senior member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee and Subcommittee on Crime Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, I support this bill as it directs the Under Secretary for Science and Technology to bolster research and development, along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.017 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3988 June 21, 2016 
with the testing and evaluation of cybersecu-rity technology to improve the sharing of infor-mation, analysis, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. The Rapid Innovation Act is a smart bill that will enable the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to establish and improve technologies for detecting attacks or intrusions. The ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016’’ will equip the Department of Homeland Security with vital tools and resources to pre-vent and remove attacks and threats imple-mented by those who target our nation. Mr. Speaker, we face growing cybersecurity threats, which demands that we increase re-search and development, along with the test-ing and evaluation of cybersecurity technology to expand the sharing of information, analysis, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This is a comprehensive bill that will help protect all Americans in every corner of this nation. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 5388. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5388. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
LEVERAGING EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5389) to encourage engage-ment between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5389 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INNOVATION ENGAGEMENT. 
(a) I NNOVATION ENGAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security— (A) shall engage with innovative and emerging technology developers and firms, including technology-based small businesses and startup ventures, to address homeland security needs; and (B) may identify geographic areas in the United States with high concentrations of such innovative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms, and may establish per-sonnel and office space in such areas, as ap-propriate. (2) E
NGAGEMENT .—Engagement under para-graph (1) may include innovative and emerg-ing technology developers or firms with proven technologies, supported with outside investment, with potential applications for the Department of Homeland Security. (3) CO-LOCATION .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security determines that it is appro-priate to establish personnel and office space in a specific geographic area in the United States pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary shall co-locate such personnel and of-fice space with other existing assets of— (A) the Department of Homeland Security, where possible; or (B) Federal facilities, where appropriate. (4) O
VERSIGHT .—Not later than 30 days after establishing personnel and office space in a specific geographic area in the United States pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall inform Congress about the rationale for such estab-lishment, the anticipated costs associated with such establishment, and the specific goals for such establishment. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall develop, implement, and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a Department of Homeland Security-wide strategy to proactively engage with innovative and emerging technology developers and firms, including technology-based small businesses and startup ventures, in accordance with subsection (a). Such strategy shall— (1) focus on sustainable methods and guid-ance to build relationships, including with such innovative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms in geographic areas in the United States with high concentrations of such innovative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms, and in geographic areas outside such areas, to establish, develop, and enhance departmental capabilities to address homeland security needs; (2) include efforts to— (A) ensure proven innovative and emerging technologies can be included in existing and future acquisition contracts; (B) coordinate with organizations that pro-vide venture capital to businesses, particu-larly small businesses and startup ventures, as appropriate, to assist the commercializa-tion of innovative and emerging technologies that are expected to be ready for commer-cialization in the near term and within 36 months; and (C) address barriers to the utilization of in-novative and emerging technologies and the engagement of small businesses and startup ventures in the acquisition process; (3) include a description of how the Depart-ment plans to leverage proven innovative and emerging technologies to address home-land security needs; and (4) include the criteria the Secretary plans to use to determine an innovative or tech-nology is proven. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support and I am very pleased that the House is con-sidering H.R. 5389, the Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016. H.R. 5389 encourages engagement be-tween the Department of Homeland Se-curity and technology innovators, in-cluding tech startups. This important bill requires the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to proactively engage with innovative and emerging technology developers and firms to address homeland security needs. More specifically, H.R. 5389 pro-vides the Secretary authority to iden-tify geographic areas in the United States where high concentrations of in-novative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms exist and to estab-lish personnel and office space in these areas to more effectively collaborate with these technology hubs. The Federal Government needs to do a better job working with the private sector, and this bill will support that goal by requiring the Secretary to de-velop and implement a targeted strat-egy to proactively engage innovative and emerging technology developers and firms. The Secretary must use this strategic plan to address and to reduce barriers to leveraging innovative and emerging technologies and the small business and startup ventures that cre-ate those technologies by incor-porating them into the Department’s acquisition process. In order to keep pace, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security recently established an office in Silicon Valley to encourage engagement and commu-nication with the innovative tech-nology developers in that area. Al-though a vital technology hub, Silicon Valley is not the only technology hub in the United States. For that reason, the Department should not be limited to a single geographic area from which to identify emerging and innovative technologies. Mr. Speaker, we are all learning that cybersecurity is national security. The Nation is under constant cyber attack from nation-states, from criminal groups, and from terrorist organiza-tions, and, with each passing day, the attacks and tools that they are using are becoming more sophisticated. Re-quiring the Department to consider strategically how it will engage these technology developers will strengthen the Department’s ability to access in-novative and emerging technologies in order to combat these evolving threats. I am happy to support this measure today and believe it will move us to-ward further addressing homeland se-curity needs by supporting technology innovation. Before I close, I include in the R
ECORD an exchange between the chair-man of the Committee on Science, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.009 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3989 June 21, 2016 
Space, and Technology and the chair-man of the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 5389, the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016,’’ which your Com-mittee reported on June 8, 2016. H.R. 5389 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2016. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your interest in H.R. 5389, the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016.’’ I appre-ciate your cooperation in allowing this legis-lation to move expeditiously before the House of Representatives on June 21, 2016. I understand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, to the extent it may have a jurisdictional claim, will not seek a sequential referral on the bill; and therefore, there has been no formal determination as to its jurisdiction by the Parliamentarian. While we are not prepared to recognize the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology over this bill, we do appreciate your cooperation in this matter. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that the absence of a decision on this bill at this time does not prejudice any claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have held or may have on similar legislation in the future. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5389, the Leveraging Emerging Tech-nologies Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to cospon-sor H.R. 5389, a bipartisan bill that di-rects the Department of Homeland Se-curity to engage, in an unprecedented fashion, with developers of innovative and emerging technologies. When it comes to tackling vexing homeland security challenges, Wash-ington does not have the monopoly on groundbreaking, forward-thinking ideas. H.R. 5389 specifically directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to en-gage with innovative and emerging technology developers to help tackle the rapidly expanding list of homeland security technology needs. To encourage such engagement, the bill authorizes DHS to establish per-sonnel and office space in diverse geo-graphical areas around the United States that have high concentrations of technology developers and firms to nurture relationships. In April 2015, the Department an-nounced that it was establishing a Sil-icon Valley office to cultivate relation-ships with technology innovators, par-ticularly nontraditional performers, such as small startups, investors, incu-bators, and accelerators. The establish-ment of this office is in furtherance of DHS’ homeland security innovation program, whose goal is to generate in-novation in hubs around the Nation and the world to solve DHS’ most dif-ficult technology challenges. Over the past year, through these programs, DHS has reached out to technology innovators and other stake-holders at regional events held in Bos-ton, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, New Orleans, Chicago, Louisville, and Aus-tin. To ensure that DHS pursues outreach to innovators and related stakeholders in a thoughtful manner, H.R. 5389 also directs DHS, within 6 months, to de-velop and submit to Congress a Depart-ment-wide strategy for such engage-ment. Importantly, the bill specifically calls for DHS to include ways to effec-tively engage with technology-based small businesses and startup ventures in the strategy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. H.R. 5389 was unanimously approved by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security on June 8. It recognizes that DHS depends on technology to carry out its missions and for the Department to effectively identify, support, and procure innova-tive technology. DHS must nurture and maintain robust and direct relation-ships with technology developers. Two features of the strategy required under this act that I would like to highlight are that it directs DHS to give attention to fostering engagement with developers that may be located outside a recognized regional tech-nology hub, and coordinate with ven-ture capital organizations to help emerging technology developers, in-cluding small businesses and startup ventures, commercialize technologies that address a rapidly growing list of homeland security needs. I also join my colleague from Texas in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 5389. I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for cosponsoring this bill and for his leadership in this area. I, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5389. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 5389, the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016,’’ which requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to engage with innovative and emerging technology developers, including technology-based small businesses and start-up ventures that can help tackle the rapidly expanding list of homeland security technology needs. H.R. 5389 helps to protect America’s com-puter and communications networks, which security experts believe represent the nation’s most critical national security challenge, in-cluding internet functions and connected crit-ical infrastructure such as air traffic control, the U.S. electrical grid, and nuclear power plants. H.R. 5389 authorizes DHS to establish per-sonnel and office space in diverse geographic areas around the United States that have high concentrations of technology developers and firms. The bill also directs DHS, within 6 months, to develop and submit to Congress a Depart-ment-wide strategy to engage with innovative and emerging technology companies. Importantly, the bill specifically requires the Secretary to include in that strategy ways to effectively integrate technology-based small businesses and startup ventures. Importantly, the bill also requires the DHS Secretary to coordinate with those in the ven-ture capital industry to assist in the develop-ment of technologies that are ready for com-mercialization and use in the Homeland Secu-rity Enterprise. Since its founding, the Department of Homeland Security has overcome many chal-lenges as an organization but much more progress must be made regarding effective inter-operable communication between the federal, state, and local agencies. Although not a panacea, H.R. 5389 is a step in the right direction because it will help improve DHS’ overall functions so that it can more effectively protect our people. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5389. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.020 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3990 June 21, 2016 
THOROUGHLY INVESTIGATING RE-TALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS ACT Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4639) to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modi-fications to authorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4639 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Thoroughly Investigating Retaliation Against Whistle-blowers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(a)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) $24,119,000 for fiscal year 2016 and $25,735,000 for each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020 to carry out subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code (as amended by this Act).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall be deemed to apply beginning on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 3. ACCESS TO AGENCY INFORMATION. 
Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In carrying out this subchapter, the Special Counsel is authorized to— ‘‘(i) have access to any record or other in-formation (including a report, audit, review, document, recommendation, or other mate-rial) of any agency under the jurisdiction of the Office of Special Counsel, consistent with the requirements of subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(ii) require any employee of such an agen-cy to provide to the Office any record or other information during an investigation, review, or inquiry of any agency under the jurisdiction of the Office. ‘‘(B) With respect to any record or other information made available by an agency under this subchapter, the Office shall apply a level of confidentiality to such record or information at the level of confidentiality applied to the record by the agency. ‘‘(C) With respect to any record or other information described under subparagraph (A), the Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold access to any such record or other information if the disclosure could reasonably be expected to interfere with an ongoing criminal investigation or prosecution, but only if the Attorney Gen-eral or applicable agency head submits a written report to the Office of Special Coun-sel describing the record or other informa-tion withheld and the reason for the with-holding.’’. 
SEC. 4. WHISTLEBLOWER PROVISIONS. 
Section 1213 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter before subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘such as’’ and inserting ‘‘includ-ing’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) if any disclosure referred to an agency head under subsection (c) is substantiated in whole or in part by the agency head, a de-tailed explanation of the failure to take any action described under paragraph (5).’’; and (3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) If an agency head submits a report to the Special Counsel under subsection (d) that includes a description of any agency action proposed to be taken as a result of the inves-tigation, the agency head shall, not later than 180 days after the date of such submis-sion, submit a supplemental report to the Special Counsel stating whether any pro-posed action has been taken, and if the ac-tion has not been taken, the reason why it has not been taken.’’. SEC. 5. TERMINATION OF CERTAIN OSC INVES-TIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1214(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) Within 30 days of receiving an alle-gation from a person under paragraph (1), the Special Counsel may terminate an inves-tigation under such paragraph with respect to the allegation, without further inquiry or an opportunity for the person to respond, if the Special Counsel determines that— ‘‘(i) the same allegation, based on the same set of facts and circumstances— ‘‘(I) had previously been made by the per-son and previously investigated by the Spe-cial Counsel; or ‘‘(II) had previously been filed by the per-son with the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(ii) the Office of Special Counsel does not have jurisdiction to investigate the allega-tion; or ‘‘(iii) the person knew or should have known of the alleged prohibited personnel practice earlier than the date that is 3 years before the date Special Counsel received the allegation. ‘‘(B) If the Special Counsel terminates an investigation under subparagraph (A), not later than 30 days after the date of such ter-mination the Special Counsel shall provide a written notification stating the basis for the termination to the person who made the al-legation. Paragraph (1)(D) shall not apply to any termination under such subparagraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘The Special Counsel’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (6), the Special Coun-sel’’; and (2) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter be-fore clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or paragraph (6)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) OSC A NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .— Section 1218 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1218. Annual report ‘‘(a) The Special Counsel shall submit an annual report to Congress on the activities of the Special Counsel. Any such report shall include— ‘‘(1) the number, types, and disposition of allegations of prohibited personnel practices filed with the Special Counsel, and the cost of allegations so disposed of; ‘‘(2) the number of investigations con-ducted by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(3) the number of stays or disciplinary ac-tions negotiated by the Special Counsel with agencies; ‘‘(4) the number of cases in which the Spe-cial Counsel did not make a determination whether there are reasonable grounds to be-lieve that a prohibited personnel practice has occurred, exists, or is to be taken within the 240-day period specified in section 1214(b)(2)(A)(i); ‘‘(5) a description of the recommendations and reports made by the Special Counsel to other agencies pursuant to this subchapter, and the actions taken by the agencies as a result of the reports or recommendations; ‘‘(6) the number of— ‘‘(A) actions initiated before the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, including the num-ber of corrective action petitions and dis-ciplinary action complaints so initiated; and ‘‘(B) stays and stay extensions obtained from the Board; and ‘‘(7) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that result in— ‘‘(A) a favorable action for the complain-ant, categorized by actions with respect to whistleblower reprisal cases and all other cases; and ‘‘(B) a favorable outcome for the complain-ant, categorized by outcomes with respect to whistleblower reprisal cases and all other cases. ‘‘(b) The report required by subsection (a) shall include whatever recommendations for legislation or other action by Congress the Special Counsel may consider appropriate.’’. (b) OSC PUBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 1219(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a list of any noncriminal matter re-ferred to an agency head under section 1213(c), together with— ‘‘(A) the applicable transmittal of the mat-ter to the agency head under section 1213(c)(1); ‘‘(B) any report from agency head under section 1213(c)(1)(B) relating to such matter; ‘‘(C) if appropriate, not otherwise prohib-ited by law, and with the consent of the com-plainant, any comments from the complain-ant under section 1213(e)(1) relating to the matter; and ‘‘(D) the Special Counsel’s comments or recommendations under section 1213(e)(3) or (4) relating to the matter;’’. 
SEC. 7. ESTABLISHMENT OF SURVEY PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Office of Special Counsel shall design and establish a survey pilot program under which the Office shall conduct, with respect to fiscal years 2017 and 2018, a survey of individuals who have filed a complaint or disclosure with the Office. The survey shall be designed to gather responses from the individuals for the purpose of col-lecting information and improving customer service at various stages of the review or in-vestigative process. The results of the survey shall be published in the annual report of the Office. (b) S
USPENSION OF OTHER SURVEYS .—Dur- ing fiscal years 2017 and 2018, section 13 of Public Law 103–424 shall have no force or ef-fect. 
SEC. 8. PENALTIES UNDER THE HATCH ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7326 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7326. Penalties ‘‘An employee or individual who violates section 7323 or 7324 shall be subject to— ‘‘(1) disciplinary action consisting of re-moval, reduction in grade, debarment from Federal employment for a period not to ex-ceed 5 years, suspension, or reprimand; ‘‘(2) an assessment of a civil penalty not to exceed $1,000; or ‘‘(3) any combination of the penalties de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (2).’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any violation of section 7323 or 7324 of title 5, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.023 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3991 June 21, 2016 
Code, occurring after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 9. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than two years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Special Counsel shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to perform the functions of the Special Counsel under subchapter II of chap-ter 12 of title 5, United States Code, includ-ing regulations necessary to carry out sec-tions 1213, 1214, and 1215 of such title, and any functions required due to the amend-ments made by this Act. Such regulations shall be published in the Federal Register. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4639, the Thoroughly Investigating Retaliation Against Whistleblowers Act. This is a bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, or OSC, over the next 5 years. The bipartisan legislation was passed unanimously out of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It also has the support of the whistleblower community. Mr. Speaker, OSC is tasked with a variety of responsibilities, including policing whistleblower retaliation across the entire executive branch, an immense responsibility. OSC’s last reauthorization expired in 2007, so this bill is long overdue. In addition to reauthorizing the agency, this bill aims to give OSC the tools it needs to continue the good work it is already doing. For example, this legislation would ensure that OSC has the access to agency records that it needs. Agencies should not be able to stonewall OSC to stop the Special Counsel from investigating retaliation within their agency. Like inspectors general, OSC must have access to agency information in order to properly conduct the duties they are charged with by Congress. OSC is part of the executive branch, just the same as the agencies that Spe-cial Counsel oversees, so those agencies should not be able to invoke legal privileges to withhold information. Take the attorney-client privilege as an example. These agencies all rep-resent the same client—the Federal Government—which works for the tax-payer. Mr. Speaker, the bill also allows OSC to use a simplified process to close out duplicate complaints so it can focus its resources on new whistleblower allega-tions. It puts a statute of limitations on whistleblower retaliation cases of 3 years, after which documents and wit-ness recollections can be hard to ob-tain. These steps will help to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of OSC operations. Mr. Speaker, OSC has an immensely important role to play in protecting whistleblowers, helping to root out waste, fraud, and abuse. I believe this bill will be good for the agency and good for the whistleblowers that they are charged to protect. I urge that we pass it here in the House of Representatives. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4639, a bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel. I thank Ranking Member C
UMMINGS  and Representatives C
ONNOLLY , BLUM, and M
EADOWS for their leadership in crafting this bipartisan bill. While the Office of Special Counsel plays a vital role in the Federal Gov-ernment, the Office of Special Counsel, or OSC, protects Federal employees, especially whistleblowers, from prohib-ited personnel practices, such as dis-crimination, retaliation, and improper hiring practices. OSC also serves as a safe place for Federal whistleblowers to disclose wrongdoings. The agency also safe-guards the preference and employment rights of veterans, guardsmen, and re-servists to ensure that they are not dis-advantaged or discriminated against because of their service. Reauthorization of OSC is long over-due. The last statutory authorization for the agency expired in fiscal year 2007. This bill will authorize nearly $26 million in annual funding for OSC for the fiscal years 2017 through 2020. I commend current Special Counsel, Carolyn Lerner, for her leadership and work in making the OSC a more effec-tive investigative body. This bill would make changes that would help OSC conduct investigations and hold agencies accountable when wrongdoing is identified. For example, the bill would provide OSC with clear authority to obtain information from agencies during an investigation. Pro-viding this authority to OSC would make clear that agencies must cooper-ate in the same way Congress expects agencies to cooperate with the inspec-tors general and GAO. If disclosing certain information could interfere with an ongoing crimi-nal investigation or prosecution, this measure would allow the attorney gen-eral or an inspector general to with-hold access to such information. This bill would also increase agency accountability when allegations of misconduct are substantiated. Agen-cies that fail to implement a rec-ommendation made by OSC will be re-quired to explain why they have failed to take such actions. This legislation is critically impor-tant for ensuring that Federal employ-ees have a venue for seeking redress against prohibited personnel practices. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation to reau-thorize the Office of Special Counsel. I thank Representatives BLUM, CONNOLLY , and M EAD-
OWS, as well as Chairman C HAFFETZ , for work-ing with me in such a bipartisan way on this legislation. As my colleagues know, one of my top pri-orities as Ranking Member of the Oversight Committee is the protection of federal employ-ees from discrimination and retaliation. The Office of Special Counsel plays an es-pecially important role in ensuring that the work environment of federal employees is free of such prohibited personnel practices. OSC’s last reauthorization ended in 2007. It is unac-ceptable that OSC still hasn’t been authorized nearly ten years later. This legislation would reauthorize OSC through 2020, and it would make changes to help OSC be more effective. For example, it would make clear that OSC is entitled to ac-cess agency information in its investigations. This bill would also allow OSC to hold agen-cies more accountable for whistleblower retal-iation. Under the bill, if an agency substan-tiates a whistleblower disclosure from OSC but fails to take a recommended corrective action, the agency must explain why it failed to take the action. This legislation would strengthen the tools available to OSC for addressing and correcting retaliation and discrimination in the federal workplace. I ask that my colleagues join me in sup-porting passage of H.R. 4639. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4639, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MARY ELEANORA M CCOY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5028) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 10721 E. Jefferson Ave in De-troit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5028 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MARY E. MCCOY POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.012 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3992 June 21, 2016 
E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5028, introduced by my colleague on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Representative B
RENDA  L
AWRENCE of Michigan. The bill designates a post office in Detroit, Michigan, as the Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building. Born in an underground railroad sta-tion, Mrs. McCoy was a dedicated advo-cate for women’s and civil rights in the 19th century. I look forward to learning more about Mrs. McCoy from the sponsor of this bill and a fellow member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Representative L
AWRENCE . I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to sponsor H.R. 5028, a bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, as the Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building. It brings me great pride that my first bill considered before the House sur-rounds the United States Postal Serv-ice and Mary McCoy, an activist who was able to provide housing, education, health care, and economic support to women and children during the Jim Crow era. I spent almost 30 years in the Postal Service and saw firsthand the importance of these government agen-cies to communities throughout the country. They are central to every American city and provide a vital serv-ice to senior citizens on a daily basis. Today I stand in recognition of Mary McCoy, a woman who organized and provided essential services to African Americans and other minorities who lacked access to adequate medical care, housing options, and education, all at a time when women lacked basic voting rights. The daughter of two escaped slaves, Mary McCoy was born in an under-ground railroad station in 1846. Mary rose to become a philanthropist and leader of the African American and fe-male populations in Michigan, bringing these diverse communities together in a time of great divide. Through the establishment of organi-zations and group homes, Mary was able to provide support, safety, and community for women and children throughout Michigan. The wife of the renowned innovator, Elijah McCoy, Mary forever changed the cultural landscape in the United States for African Americans and women, developing innovative methods to support both communities. Mary es-tablished scholarships for children of former slaves and gave shelter to or-phans and senior citizens throughout Michigan. Mary was able to provide these essen-tial services by founding and sup-porting some of Michigan’s most prominent women’s clubs and organiza-tions. These groups include, but are not limited to, the Michigan State As-sociation of Colored Women, the McCoy Home for Colored Children, and the Phyllis Wheatley Home for Aged Colored Women. Mary McCoy worked her entire life to alleviate the racism, sexism, and ageism that plagued our Nation. She lived to see a cultural shift in America that went far beyond the 15th and 19th amendments. Dying at the age of 77 from injuries sustained in a car crash, Mary McCoy will always be remembered as a hero for her work in sheltering the home-less, healing the sick, and supporting many of Michigan’s most charitable endeavors. I urge the passage of H.R. 5028. I yield back the balance of my time. b1530 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5028, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ED PASTOR POST OFFICE Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4010) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4010 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ED PASTOR POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Of-fice’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4010, intro-duced by Representative R
UBEN  G
ALLEGO of Arizona. The bill des-ignates a post office in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the Ed Pastor Post Office. Former Representative Ed Pastor served in the House of Representatives for 24 years, from 1991 until last year. I look forward to hearing more about Representative Pastor from the bill’s sponsor and my distinguished col-league, Representative G
ALLEGO . For now, I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4010, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the Ed Pastor Post Office. Ed Pastor dedicated his life to public service. After working for Arizona Gov-ernor Raul Castro and after having served three terms on the County Board of Supervisors, Ed Pastor was elected to this very Chamber in 1991. Congressman Pastor was a founding member of the Progressive Caucus, was chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in the 104th Congress, and served as the deputy whip of the Demo-cratic Caucus. Congressman Pastor re-tired following his 12th term in the U.S. House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize the many years Ed Pastor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.013 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3993 June 21, 2016 
spent in advocating on behalf of his constituents and in working to im-prove the lives of all Americans. I urge the passage of H.R. 4010. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of a bill that, in a small but significant way, honors the legacy of a Latino trailblazer and a great Arizo-nan, Congressman Ed Pastor. Congressman Pastor dedicated his life to fighting for working families. Renaming a post office in the district he represented with distinction for 12 terms is the very least we can do to recognize his more than three decades of outstanding public service. I thank my colleagues in the Arizona delegation for their enthusiastic sup-port of this bill. I am also grateful to Chairman C
HAFFETZ and to Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for enabling this bill to come to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, Congressman Ed Pas-tor’s life embodies the American Dream. Throughout his time in Con-gress, Mr. Pastor fought to make the dream accessible to everyone, includ-ing to the most vulnerable in our soci-ety. As Leader P
ELOSI once wrote: Ed Pastor never forgot his roots and al-ways worked to build a brighter future for the children of our Nation. The son of a miner, Mr. Pastor was the first member of his family to go to college and receive his bachelor’s de-gree from Arizona State University in 1966. After graduation, he taught at North High School in Phoenix before returning to ASU in 1971 to earn his law degree. Mr. Pastor subsequently worked on the staff of Arizona’s first Latino Governor, Raul Castro—a job that cemented his lifelong commit-ment to public service. Mr. Pastor later served three terms on the Mari-copa County Board of Supervisors be-fore being elected to the 102nd Congress in a special election in 1991. Congress-man Pastor spent 24 years in this body and earned a reputation as a tireless advocate for the people of Arizona. I am proud to say that Mr. Pastor was the first Latino to be elected to Congress from our great State. He was also one of the founding members of the Progressive Caucus and chaired the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in the 104th Congress. In addition, he served on the House Appropriations Com-mittee and as chief deputy whip of the Democratic Caucus. Throughout his career, Congressman Pastor was a passionate advocate for fixing our broken immigration system, for investing in our Nation’s transpor-tation infrastructure, and for pro-tecting the civil rights of every Amer-ican. Perhaps, even more importantly, as President Obama noted, Congress-man Pastor served as a mentor and as a role model to young Latinos and Latinas throughout Arizona and our country. He was supported in this groundbreaking work by his loving wife, Verma. Congressman Pastor re-tired in 2014, and he remains a beloved and respected figure in the city of Phoenix. I am incredibly proud to follow in his footsteps as the Seventh Congressional District’s Representative here in Wash-ington. The Ed Pastor Post Office will join the Ed Pastor Elementary School and the Ed Pastor Center for Politics and Public Service at ASU as monu-ments to his outstanding service to our Nation. Congressman Pastor’s legacy lives on, not just in these buildings, but in the transportation projects he championed, in the legislation he au-thored, in the working families he helped, and in the young people he in-spired. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully request the support of every Member in recog-nizing a legendary Arizonan, Congress-man Ed Pastor. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4010, a bill ‘‘To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘Ed Pastor Post Office’ ’’. I support this bill because it honors the serv-ice of Ed Pastor, the first Latino congressman from Arizona. During Congressman Pastor’s 12 terms in Congress, he committed himself to serving thousands of constituents from the 2nd, 4th, and 7th districts in Arizona and all across the country. As a dedicated and active member of the U.S. House of Representatives, Congressman Pastor served as a member of the Committee on Appropriations, the Congressional Progres-sive Caucus, the Congressional Hispanic Cau-cus, the International Conservation Caucus, and the Sportsmen’s Caucus. Congressman Pastor is also known for his influence in promoting American arts, for pro-tecting nature, and for protecting the civil rights of Americans. As members of Congress, it is vital that we continue to fight for the rights of our constitu-ents and for all Americans as we actively con-serve our precious land and indigenous cul-tures. As I am a strong advocate of protecting human and civil rights, I fully support the des-ignation of the United States Postal Service facility as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’ in honor of his services to both his country and to his constituents. I urge all members to join me in passing H.R. 4010 as it rightfully commemorates Ed Pastor’s outstanding service. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4010. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
BARRY G. MILLER POST OFFICE Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4372) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4372 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BARRY G. MILLER POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Barry G. Mil-ler Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Barry G. Miller Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4372, intro-duced by Representative C
HRIS COLLINS  of New York. This bill designates a post office located in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Of-fice. Mr. Miller was assistant chief of Emergency Medical Services, a mem-ber of the Bergen Volunteer Fire De-partment, and a Genesee County cor-oner. He was tragically killed in the line of duty during an emergency re-sponse. I look forward to hearing more about Barry Miller from the sponsor of the bill, my colleague, Representative C
OL-
LINS. I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4372, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Of-fice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.029 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3994 June 21, 2016 
Along with his love of outdoor activi-ties, including snowmobiling, boating, water-skiing, and camping, Barry ex-hibited a love for community service. While working as a Genesee County coroner, Barry also served as the chief of Emergency Medical Services at the Bergen Fire Department. As a 31-year veteran of the fire department, Barry is remembered for his generosity and for his dedication to protecting and im-proving the lives of those in his com-munity. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Barry Miller’s life of pub-lic service and to honor the many con-tributions he made to his community. I urge the passage of H.R. 4372. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of New York. I thank the gentleman from Iowa for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I come before you in support of H.R. 4372, a bill to designate the Bergen Post Office as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. It is a great honor to introduce legis-lation that designates a post office in my district after someone who dedi-cated his entire life to public service in western New York. Barry Miller was a lifelong Bergen resident and served as a member of the Bergen Volunteer Fire Department for 31 years, including 10 as the assistant EMS chief. Barry was also the Genesee County coroner, a business owner, and a member of the Bergen Town Board. Barry was dedicated to helping fellow New Yorkers, and he made numerous lasting contributions to the Bergen and Genesee County communities. Unfortu-nately, Barry was tragically killed in the line of duty, during an emergency response, on November 23, 2015. In order to honor his service and memory, the post office will be named the Barry G. Miller Post Office. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4372. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMELIA BOYNTON ROBINSON POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4777) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boyn-ton Robinson Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4777 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AMELIA BOYNTON ROBINSON POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Rob-inson Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4777, intro-duced by Representative T
ERRI SEWELL  of Alabama. The bill designates a post office in Selma, Alabama, as the Amel-ia Boynton Robinson Post Office Build-ing. b1545 Mrs. Boynton Robinson was a civil rights leader who marched on the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge in Selma and fought to ensure equality for all. I look forward to learning more about Amelia Boynton Robinson’s life from my colleague and the sponsor of this bill, Representative S
EWELL . I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4777, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated in Selma, Alabama, as the Amel-ia Boynton Robinson Post Office Build-ing. Known as the matriarch of the civil rights movement, Amelia Boynton Robinson began her activism as a child, along with her mother, on horse-and- buggy trips to pass out women’s suf-frage pamphlets prior to the 1910s. By 1930, Amelia was helping register southern African American voters. In 1964, she became the first African American woman to run for Congress in Alabama. Although she lost the Democratic primary, her campaign drew increased interest to the issue of voting rights. Having participated in the Southern Christian Leadership Conference since meeting Dr. Martin Luther King in 1954, Amelia helped organize the march from Selma to Montgomery. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to make sure that a place in history that was changed by this woman’s leadership commemorates her and her tireless efforts on behalf of civil and voting rights in our country. I urge the passage of H.R. 4777. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, today I am honored to rise in strong support of H.R. 4777, to designate the United States Post Office at 1301 Ala-bama Avenue in Selma, Alabama, as the Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Of-fice Building. Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson was known as the matriarch of the voting rights movement. Her life and legacy epitomized strength, resiliency, perse-verance, and courage, the same charac-teristics that embody the city of Selma, Alabama, my hometown, where she made such a significant impact. Amelia Boynton Robinson was named the only female lieutenant to Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., during the civil rights movement. In this role, she would travel alongside Dr. King and often appear in his stead for numerous events and gatherings. Amelia Boynton Robinson was also well known for braving the frontline of the Selma march on the Edmund Pettus Bridge, where she was brutally attacked and left for dead on Bloody Sunday, on March 7, 1965. It was the picture of a bloody and beaten Amelia Boynton that appeared on the front page of The New York Times and showed the world the brutality of rac-ism in the fight for voter equality. During the violent attacks, this her-oine never gave up hope, hope in an ideal that is all America. It is democ-racy. She believed so fervently that all Americans should have the right to vote, and she was willing to die for it. It was the direct involvement of Amelia Boynton Robinson and the foot soldiers who dared to march from Selma to Montgomery that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. She was such a valued part of this process that some of the contents of the voting rights bill were drafted at her kitchen table in Selma. A courageous trailblazer even before Bloody Sunday, Amelia Boynton Rob-inson, on May 5, 1964, broke all barriers as the first Black woman in the State of Alabama to run for Congress. She ran to represent the Seventh Congres-sional District of Alabama, the seat I am so honored to hold today. She gar-nered 10.7 percent of the vote during a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.031 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3995 June 21, 2016 
time when very few Blacks were reg-istered to vote. I know, Mr. Speaker, that the journey that I now take as Alabama’s first Black Congresswoman was only made possible because of the courage, tenacity, and faith of Amelia Boynton Robinson. Last year, before Mrs. Boynton passed, I was honored to have her as my special guest at the State of the Union. It was incredibly moving to see Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle and members of the Presi-dent’s Cabinet line up to greet her and to take pictures with her. Everyone thanked her for her service to this country. Even President Obama came to talk and thank Mrs. Boynton before he gave his address at the State of the Union. This picture documents that very time when she got to meet the Presi-dent of the United States for the first time. The memory of that moment will stand as one of the highlights of my time here in Congress. The symbolism of this picture is not lost on any of us. It was truly because of her bravery and the bravery of other foot soldiers who dared to march, like our very own col-league, J
OHNLEWIS, that paved the way for the election of this country’s first Black President. Just a few months later, on March 6, 2015, she joined hands with our own President Barack Obama again, to re-trace the path that she took across the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the 50th an-niversary of Bloody Sunday, when she and our colleague, J
OHN LEWIS, were beaten over 50 years ago. Amelia Boyn-ton Robinson passed away just a few months later on August 26, 2015, at the age of 104. She was featured prominently in the movie ‘‘Selma’’ for her tenacity and her bravery. She truly embodied what they were fighting for as foot soldiers. I was so glad that before her death she was able to cross that bridge one more time, and this time with two Presi-dents: President Barack Obama and President George Bush. So many of my colleagues joined us that day, and we continue to honor her legacy by sup-porting this legislation and naming the Selma Post Office in her honor. As a daughter of Selma, I am honored to sponsor this legislation, and I can think of no one more deserving to have their name on a post office in Selma, Alabama, than Amelia Boynton Robin-son. She truly represents the heart, spirit, and essence of Selma, Alabama, and the voting rights movement. In closing, I am reminded of the words that Amelia Boynton Robinson said during her visit to this Capitol at the State of the Union in 2015. As Mem-bers of Congress and Cabinet members took pictures with her in the Halls of this Capitol, they said to Mrs. Robin-son: ‘‘I stand on your shoulders. I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you.’’ Ms. Boynton finally, after the fifth person said that to her, ‘‘I stand on your shoulders,’’ she looked up, as only a person of 104 would, and said, ‘‘Get off my shoulders.’’ She said: ‘‘Do your own work. There is plenty of work to be done.’’ Mr. Speaker, this august body still has work to do to fully restore the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965, which was gut-ted by the Supreme Court in the Shelby v. Holder decision of 2013. I ask my Republican colleagues to join the 180 members of the Democratic Caucus who have sponsored the Voting Rights Advancement Act. It is this bill that will give back the enforcement arm of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and it is up to Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act. In memory of Amelia Boynton Robin-son, I urge my colleagues to not only support the naming of this post office in H.R. 4777, but they can honor the memory of her and so many of the foot soldiers’ bravery by passing the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. The right to vote is a sacred right, Mr. Speaker, and no American should be denied access to the ballot box. Ms. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Alabama has 111⁄2min-utes remaining. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-press my support for this bill. I want to congratulate the gentlewoman from Alabama for her good and great work on this bill. Amelia Boynton Robinson was a daughter of Georgia who moved to Ala-bama to study at Tuskegee Institute. After graduating, she began working for the United States Department of Agriculture in Dallas County, Ala-bama, where Selma is the county seat. This is where Mrs. Boynton met her husband, Samuel Boynton. They raised their sons—Bill, Jr., and Bruce Carver—on the front lines of the fight for equality and civil rights. I remember going to Selma, Ala-bama, for the first time in 1963, at the age of 23, to help African Americans gain the right to vote. Mrs. Boynton was one of the first individuals I met. She worked tirelessly. She organized. She mobilized. She spoke. She led. She was fearless. Mrs. Boynton was one of the very first African Americans to register to vote in Dallas County. The county had an African American majority, but only about 2.1 percent of African Amer-icans of voting age were registered to vote. People had to stand in lines. On occasion, they were asked to count the number of bubbles on a bar of soap, the number of jelly beans in a jar. Occa-sionally, people had to pass a so-called literacy test. Time after time, she stood up to bru-tality and injustice. I remember her very well on Bloody Sunday. Mrs. Boynton was knocked down by Ala-bama State Troopers and trampled by horses and tear-gassed, but she never gave up. She kept her faith. She kept her eyes on the prize. Mrs. Boynton’s vision, determination, and commit-ment helped to pave the way for the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Last year, when she passed away, at the age of 104, I mourned with the rest of the Nation. I was happy that during her long life she had an opportunity to see the impact of her work. So I think, Mr. Speaker, it is so fit-ting for a post office to be named in her honor. Her work has changed not just Selma, but the entire State of Ala-bama, the South, our Nation, and in-spired people all around our world. I hope that all of my colleagues will sup-port this important bill. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers to bring forth today. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 4777, which des-ignates the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Rob-inson Post Office Building.’’ I support this legislation, because it com-memorates Amelia Boynton Robinson’s his-toric role during the Civil Rights Movement. Not only was Amelia a courageous activist in Selma, Alabama during the height of the Civil Rights Movement, she also taught in Georgia before starting with the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture in Selma as the home demonstration agent for Dallas County. She educated the county’s largely rural pop-ulation about food production and processing, nutrition, healthcare, and other subjects re-lated to agriculture and homemaking. We celebrate Amelia for her invaluable con-tributions to her community and her country. Amelia worked for the promotion of civil rights for all and protested the continued seg-regation and disenfranchisement of African Americans. Amelia registered to vote, which was ex-tremely difficult for African Americans to ac-complish in Alabama due to discriminatory practices under the state’s reactionary con-stitution passed at the turn of the century. Amelia Boynton Robinson made her home and office in Selma a center for strategy ses-sions for Selma’s civil rights battles, including its voting rights campaign. In 1964, Amelia ran for the Congress from Alabama, with the intent to encourage African Americans to register and vote. This made Amelia the first female African American to run for office in Alabama and the first woman of any race to run for office as a candidate of the Democratic party in the state of Alabama. Amelia is also known for her role in Selma to Montgomery marches, where she worked alongside Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Coretta Scott King, our beloved colleague Congress-man J
OHN LEWIS, and other monumental fig-ures in the epochal struggle to secure the right to vote for all Americans. Amelia helped organize a march to the state capital of Montgomery, which became known 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.034 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3996 June 21, 2016 
as ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ when county and state police stopped the march and beat demonstra-tors. Amelia was beaten unconscious and a newspaper of her lying bloody and beaten drew national attention to the cause. Men and women like Amelia marched be-cause they believed that all persons have dig-nity and the right to equal treatment under the law, and in the making of the laws, which is the fundamental essence of the right to vote. Bloody Sunday led to the passage of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, which was signed by President Lyndon Johnson on August 6, 1965, in the presence of Amelia Boynton Robinson, with Boynton attending as the landmark event’s guest of honor. Amelia was awarded the Martin Luther King Jr. Medal of Freedom and toured the United States on behalf of the Schiller Institute until 2009. Mr. Speaker, naming the post office in honor of Amelia Boynton Robinson is a spe-cial and deserved commemoration of her life of service. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4777. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MICHAEL GARVER OXLEY MEMO-RIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4925) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4925 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MICHAEL GARVER OXLEY MEMORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Mi-chael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4925, introduced by Representative ROBERT  L
ATTA of Ohio. The bill designates a post office in Findlay, Ohio, as the Mi-chael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Of-fice Building. Former Representative Oxley served in the House of Representatives from 1981 until 2007, including as chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. b1600 I look forward to hearing more about former Representative Oxley from my colleague and the bill’s sponsor, Rep-resentative L
ATTA . For now, I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4925, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated in Findlay, Ohio, as the Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building. Mr. Oxley was elected to the Ohio State House of Representatives at the age of 28 and won a special election to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1981. Serving as the chair of the Com-mittee on Financial Services, Con-gressman Oxley devoted himself to cor-porate oversight and insurance protec-tion issues. He also led efforts to inves-tigate Enron and other corporate scan-dals, and is perhaps most well known for the new accounting requirements and financial regulations enacted by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Congressman Oxley retired after 25 years in the House and passed away in December of 2015, following a battle with lung cancer. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Congressman Oxley’s public service and commemorate his many congressional accomplishments. I urge the passage of H.R. 4925. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman for yielding. I rise today in support of H.R. 4925, my legislation which designates the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice at 229 West Main Cross Street in Findlay, Ohio, as the Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building. This bipartisan legislation will honor a great legislator, friend, and former Congressman Mike Oxley for his many years of dedicated public service. Mike received his undergraduate de-gree from Miami University, which he was always very proud of, and he was always very proud of the fact that is where my youngest daughter just re-ceived her undergraduate degree this past May. He received his JD from the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law, and after that, he began his ca-reer in public service as a special agent for the FBI in 1969. After serving with the FBI for 3 years, Mike was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1972. That is when I first met Mike, out on the campaign trail. Mike served admirably in the House until 1981, when he won a special election after the death of Con-gressman Tennyson Guyer, also of Findlay. As was noted, Mike served then from 1981 until his retirement in 2007 here in the United States House of Representatives, which he loved. In the 107th, 108th, and 109th Con-gresses, Mike was elected to serve as the chairman of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, and he had many, many friends, but Mike personified what a true public servant was and is. He served his constituents from Ohio well and served the United States well. When you talk about what a public servant is, my dad always told me that a public servant is a person who sees how much they can always give of themselves to the people they rep-resent, and Mike did that. Aside from his government service, Mike also served and was dedicated to helping others through his charitable works. As a team captain for the an-nual congressional baseball game—in one of them he got his leg broken— Mike and his colleagues helped raise thousands of dollars for the Wash-ington Literacy Center, the Wash-ington Nationals Dream Foundation, and the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington. Mike was also very active back home not only with Miami University, but also with the University of Findlay; and he was also active in helping raise funds for the greater Findlay area. I would like to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS for their work in advancing this bill through the committee and to the House floor. I would also like to thank the entire Ohio delegation and other Members for supporting this legislation as cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to join me in honoring the memory of Mike Oxley by passing H.R. 4925. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I will be brief. I just wanted to take an op-portunity, especially from this side of the aisle, to hear from someone who worked with Mike, who had great ad-miration for him, and that is myself. When I was a young man, elected at 36 years of age back in 1998, one of the first people I met on the other side of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.021 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3997 June 21, 2016 
the aisle—not from my home State— was Mike Oxley. He had great admira-tion for my predecessor as well, and they were good friends, Tom Manton. Mike was also my chairman. I served on the House Committee on Financial Services after the attacks of 9/11, and one of the great tributes I think I can give to Mike Oxley is he was, in large part, responsible for the passing of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, also known as TRIA, something that was desperately needed after the events of 9/11 to shore up the financial services industry and industry all around the country and real estate. In so many, many ways, he understood the rami-fications that not having that backstop could potentially have for our country. He saw to it that a bipartisan bill was agreed to. So I have nothing but fond memories of Mike. I was very saddened when I heard of Michael’s illness. I know he is missed by his family. On a lighter note, this week we will play the annual con-gressional baseball game. I am sure that if my colleagues were here on the floor, Coach Doyle in particular would be pointing out that he and Mike had a good friendship. Mike was also a good basketball player. He had a wicked 3-point shot. Maybe if the 3-point play had been in place when he was in high school, he might have been somebody, you never know. But Mike Oxley certainly was some-one and a treasure to this institution, this body. He was a real Member’s Member. I think if you can leave this House and have a tribute by someone from this side in a personal way speak about you, as I am today, I think that speaks highly of Michael Oxley. He is missed. What a great thing to do to honor him by naming this post office in his honor. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make Congresswoman L
AWRENCE  aware that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inform the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM), my colleague, that I have no further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4925. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KENNETH M. CHRISTY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4960) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Il-linois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4960 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. KENNETH M. CHRISTY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4960, introduced by the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The bill designates a post office in Aurora, Illinois, as the Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Build-ing. Mr. Christy was a dedicated em-ployee of the United States Postal Service and a devoted advocate for postal employees. I look forward to hearing more about Mr. Christy from my colleague and the sponsor of this bill, Representative F
OSTER . For now, I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4960, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated in Aurora, Illinois, as the Ken-neth M. Christy Post Office Building. It is only fitting that we name a post office after Ken Christy, a man who dedicated his career to the Postal Serv-ice and its workforce. Joining the Au-rora Post Office in 1977, Ken worked as a letter carrier for over 30 years. Ken also served 25 years as the president of the National Association of Letter Car-riers Branch 219, receiving multiple awards for his dedication, leadership, and community service. In 2004, he joined the Illinois State Association of Letter Carriers. Ken was awarded honorary membership in nu-merous postal facilities outside of Au-rora and was inducted into the Illinois Letter Carriers Hall of Fame in 2012. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken about my illustrious career in the United States Postal Service, one of 30 years. I start-ed that career as a letter carrier, so it is with great honor that I stand here today strongly suggesting and saying that we should pass this bill to honor Ken Christy’s life of public service and his tireless dedication to the Postal Service. I urge the passage of H.R. 4960. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOS-
TER). Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan, and I also thank the entire Illinois delega-tion on both sides of the aisle for co-sponsoring this legislation. On March 26, 2016, the State of Illi-nois and the city of Aurora lost a con-summate public servant. On the day he died, Ken Christy was the sitting Au-rora township clerk, the president of the Illinois State Association of Letter Carriers, and a dear friend of mine. Ken was a family man, and he left be-hind three daughters and his wife, Bonnie, his high school sweetheart to whom he was married for 52 years. I rise today to honor Ken’s legacy and his lifetime of public service. Ken and his wife, Bonnie, settled in Aurora in 1977, when Ken took a job as a letter carrier with the United States Postal Service, a career that would last more than 30 years. Ken took on a lead-ership role within the Postal Service. He quickly became the Aurora NALC Branch 219 president and served in that role for 25 years. During that time, Branch 219 was rec-ognized for its charitable contributions and received several awards from the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Under Ken’s leadership, Branch 219 was recognized nationally with an NALC Branch Service Award and its Humani-tarian Award. Ken spent countless hours as a volunteer at the letter car-riers’ annual Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive and made deliveries for the Northern Illinois Food Bank. In 2000, Ken was personally awarded the Dave Bybee award for leadership and dedication by the Illinois Associa-tion of Letter Carriers. In 2004, he was recognized for his leadership skills and civic engagement by becoming its legislative liaison. Just 3 years later, he was elected president of the Illinois State Associa-tion of Letter Carriers, a position he held until the end of his life. b1615 As president of the Illinois Associa-tion of Letter Carriers, Ken made sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.038 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3998 June 21, 2016 
that the voices of his members were heard by public officials on both sides of the aisle at both the State and Fed-eral level. In 2012, Ken was nominated to the Il-linois Letter Carriers Hall of Fame. In 2013, Ken Christy was elected Clerk of Aurora Township. Ken was a public servant in the tru-est sense of the word. Ken was always working for others, whether it was in his 30-year career delivering mail in his community, his dedication to charity work, or his devotion to his family as a husband, father, and grandfather. So I think it is only appropriate that we honor his life and his legacy and pass this bill today to name the post office where Ken spent his entire career the Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing this man, who was a pillar of his community, by voting ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4960. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPANSION OF LAW ENFORCE-MENT AVAILABILITY PAY TO EMPLOYEES OF CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION’S AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4902) to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforce-ment availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4902 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LAW ENFORCEMENT AVAILABILITY PAY FOR EMPLOYEES OF CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION’S AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5545a(i) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘apply to a pilot employed by the United States Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘apply to any employee of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations, or any successor organi-zation,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘such pilot’’ and inserting ‘‘such employee’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first applicable pay period be-ginning on or after the date that is 14 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4902. Those who serve along our Nation’s borders make countless sacrifices pro-tecting the homeland in the most lit-eral of ways by stopping bad guys from entering our country and harming Americans. The Customs and Border Protection officers and agents who serve in my district, which covers over 800 miles of the Texas-Mexico border, have an in-creasingly challenging job. Not only do they keep us safe from terrorists and drug cartels, but they also apprehend illegal contraband and rescue victims of human trafficking. CBP’s Air and Marine Operations, or AMO, patrols our Nation’s borders by aircraft and vessels, specifically. AMO is made up of over 1,200 Federal agents, 250 aircraft, and over 280 marine ves-sels, operating from 91 locations throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. These brave agents are often required to work long, unpredictable hours and are compensated through various con-fusing and inconsistent pay systems, causing an administrative nightmare for the folks who work overtime pro-tecting our Nation. Because of the number of overtime systems applicable to AMO agents, in many cases, even those working side by side on a mission were often com-pensated differently. The confusion and inconsistency not only makes it harder for the agency to plan shifts for agents and to prepare a budget, but the uncer-tainty impacts those who serve. H.R. 4902 addresses these problems by standardizing premium pay for AMO. Under the provisions of this bill, all law enforcement agents at AMO will be covered under the Law Enforcement Availability Pay, otherwise known as LEAP, the LEAP premium pay system. To ensure pay is standardized quick-ly, the legislation would require this change to come into force on the first day of the pay period that begins at least 14 days after the date of enact-ment. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that implementing a uniform pay system for all CBP officers would result in a cost savings of approxi-mately $2 million annually. More im-portantly, it would save many hard-working AMO officers from unfair and aggravating overtime pay discrep-ancies. This will save Customs and Bor-der Protection valuable time and oper-ational bandwidth, while ensuring tax-payer dollars are spent responsibly. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association in support of this bill. 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  O
FFICERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, June 20, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. Hon. E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ AND RANKING  M
EMBER CUMMINGS : On behalf of membership of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers As-sociation (FLEOA)—the nation’s largest pro-fessional, non-profit association representing 26,000 federal law enforcement officers from 65 agencies—I am writing to advise you of our continued strong support for H.R. 4902, legislation to expand Law Enforcement Availability Pay (LEAP) to the law enforce-ment officers of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations divi-sion. FLEOA greatly appreciates the Com-mittee’s efforts to expeditiously approve this important legislation, and we urge its pas-sage by the House of Representatives this week. Currently, within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), law enforcement officers of the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’s (CBP) Air and Maritime Operation (AMO) division are compensated through multiple premium pay mechanisms for their overtime: Administratively Uncontrollable Overtime (AUO), Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), Law Enforcement Availability Pay (LEAP) and Title 5 overtime (FEPA). This proposal would harmonize premium pay across the organization by making all AMO law enforcement officers eligible for LEAP. CBP estimates that shifting overtime com-pensation to LEAP will help the agency save approximately $1.6 million in premium pay in the first year alone. Prior to the creation of the DHS, all U.S. Customs Service air personnel were included in the LEAP statute. Legacy U.S. Customs Service responsibilities have been retained, but today’s AMO functions encompass a broader scope of authorities. Implementing LEAP for all AMO law enforcement officers would enhance CBP operational efficiencies and monetary savings by providing an effi-cient, effective, and uniform system of com-pensation for the unique work conditions and substantial hours commonly required of AMO agents. FLEOA appreciates your efforts to advance this legislation. Please do not hesitate to contact us if we can provide any additional information or assistance. Respectfully, D
OMINICK L. S TOKES , FLEOA Vice President for Legislative Affairs. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this un-derlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4902, a bipartisan bill sponsored by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.041 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3999 June 21, 2016 
some of my colleagues on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Representatives H
URD, CONNOLLY , and L
UJAN GRISHAM . I thank them for their good work on this important legisla-tion. This legislation would establish a uniform pay system for law enforce-ment officers of the Customs and Bor-der Protection’s Air and Marine Oper-ations, who are currently paid over-time pay under three different systems; and it will make it more efficient for the agency to administer staff over-time. The bill will convert the pay system for AMO officers to Law Enforcement Availability Pay, a system used by many other Federal agencies, including the FBI, DEA, and the U.S. Marshals Service. As stated by my colleague, Mr. H
URD, the Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that this legislation will reduce AMO’s costs by $2 million a year. I would also like to note that the Federal Law Enforcement Officers As-sociation supports this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4902. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge the immediate adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4902. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FRAUD REDUCTION AND DATA ANALYTICS ACT OF 2015 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2133) to improve Federal agency financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identi-fying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2133 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fraud Re-duction and Data Analytics Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) the term ‘‘improper payment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(g) of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note). SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF FINANCIAL AND AD-MINISTRATIVE CONTROLS RELAT-ING TO FRAUD AND IMPROPER PAY-MENTS. 
(a) G UIDELINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Comp-troller General of the United States, shall es-tablish guidelines for agencies to establish financial and administrative controls to identify and assess fraud risks and design and implement control activities in order to prevent, detect, and respond to fraud, includ-ing improper payments. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines described in paragraph (1) shall incorporate the leading practices identified in the report published by the Government Accountability Office on July 28, 2015, entitled ‘‘Framework for Man-aging Fraud Risks in Federal Programs’’. (3) M
ODIFICATION .—The Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, in consulta-tion with the Comptroller General of the United States, may periodically modify the guidelines described in paragraph (1) as the Director and Comptroller General may de-termine necessary. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CONTROLS .—The fi- nancial and administrative controls required to be established by agencies under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) conducting an evaluation of fraud risks and using a risk-based approach to design and implement financial and administrative control activities to mitigate identified fraud risks; (2) collecting and analyzing data from re-porting mechanisms on detected fraud to monitor fraud trends and using that data and information to continuously improve fraud prevention controls; and (3) using the results of monitoring, evalua-tion, audits, and investigations to improve fraud prevention, detection, and response. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), for each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency shall submit to Con-gress, as part of the annual financial report of the agency, a report on the progress of the agency in— (A) implementing— (i) the financial and administrative con-trols required to be established under sub-section (a); (ii) the fraud risk principle in the Stand-ards for Internal Control in the Federal Gov-ernment; and (iii) Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–123 with respect to the leading prac-tices for managing fraud risk; (B) identifying risks and vulnerabilities to fraud, including with respect to payroll, ben-eficiary payments, grants, large contracts, and purchase and travel cards; and (C) establishing strategies, procedures, and other steps to curb fraud. (2) F
IRST REPORT .—If the date of enactment of this Act is less than 180 days before the date on which an agency is required to sub-mit the annual financial report of the agen-cy, the agency may submit the report re-quired under paragraph (1) as part of the fol-lowing annual financial report of the agency. 
SEC. 4. WORKING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of Management and Budget shall establish a working group to improve— (1) the sharing of financial and administra-tive controls established under section 3(a) and other best practices and techniques for detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments; and (2) the sharing and development of data analytics techniques. (b) COMPOSITION .—The working group es-tablished under subsection (a) shall be com-posed of— (1) the Controller of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, who shall serve as Chair-person; (2) the Chief Financial Officer of each agency; and (3) any other party determined to be appro-priate by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, which may include the Chief Information Officer, the Chief Procure-ment Officer, or the Chief Operating Officer of each agency. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The working group es-tablished under subsection (a) shall consult with Offices of Inspectors General and Fed-eral and non-Federal experts on fraud risk assessments, financial controls, and other relevant matters. (d) M
EETINGS .—The working group estab-lished under subsection (a) shall hold not fewer than 4 meetings per year. (e) P
LAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group established under subsection (a) shall submit to Congress a plan for the establish-ment and use of a Federal interagency li-brary of data analytics and data sets, which can incorporate or improve upon existing Federal resources and capacities, for use by agencies and Offices of Inspectors General to facilitate the detection, prevention, and re-covery of fraud, including improper pay-ments. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2133, the Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act of 2015, introduced by Senator T
HOMAS CARPER of Delaware. S. 2133 is a bipartisan bill that will strengthen and enhance the antifraud prevention and detection measures used by Federal agencies. Current anti-fraud prevention and detection meas-ures are reliant on after-the-fact re-views of transactions. This system is not perfect. A significant portion of the Federal Government’s $124 billion in overpay-ments in fiscal year 2014—$19 billion more than fiscal year 2013—were fraud- related. The current reactive antifraud meas-ures require agencies to spend time and resources on efforts to track and re-cover these fraud-related overpay-ments. S. 2133 will help to prevent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.044 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4000 June 21, 2016 
these fraudulent payments from being made in the first place. The Fraud Reduction and Data Ana-lytics Act of 2015 will help protect tax-payer dollars by requiring the Office of Management and Budget, OMB, and Federal agencies to adopt proactive fraud detection controls and preventa-tive measures. The bill will require the OMB to cre-ate a set of guidelines for antifraud measures, which agencies must utilize when establishing their proactive anti-fraud control and detection procedures. The bill will also require agencies to better collaborate on developing best practices for combating fraud. S. 2133 also requires that agencies create an interagency working group in order to share best practices and cru-cial fraud prevention data, such as the Social Security Administration’s data to prevent payments to deceased indi-viduals. Mr. Speaker, passing S. 2133 and re-quiring agencies to adopt a proactive antifraud approach will not only serve to protect taxpayer dollars, but in-crease public confidence in the admin-istration of government programs, es-pecially benefit programs. I would like to thank Senator C
AR-
PERand Senator T HOMTILLIS for intro-ducing this good government legisla-tion, and I would like to thank the Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations chairman M
ARK MEADOWS for championing this bill in the House. I urge Members to support this bipar-tisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act is designed to strengthen Federal agency efforts to combat financial fraud. Congress has passed a number of bills in the past few years aimed at curbing improper pay-ments. Fraud in this area is especially harmful. It stems not from innocent mistakes, but from the willful intent to steal or misuse taxpayer dollars. Fraud reduction strategies help re-duce these crimes, and the Government Accountability Office and the inspector general have recommended that agen-cies implement such strategies. The bill before us will require the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget to consult with GAO to develop antifraud guidance for Federal agen-cies and then monitor the implementa-tion of this guidance. The bill will also require the estab-lishment of a working group of agency chief financial officers to share best practices and help disseminate new antifraud techniques. The working group would also be required to develop a plan for establishing an interagency library of analytical tools and datasets for agencies and IGs to use in fighting fraud. In developing this plan, I believe the working group should look to the model of the Recovery Operations Cen-ter, which was developed to monitor spending under the Recovery Act of 2009, and which has, unfortunately, ceased operations. These are commonsense steps toward solving a serious problem that every-one should support. I urge members to support S. 2133. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Gov-ernment Operations. Mr. MEADOWS. I thank Chairman H
URD for his leadership not only on this, but on so many important topics here in this body. He certainly is look-ing after transparency and oversight on behalf of the American people. I just would like to applaud his leadership there. b1630 I am proud today, Mr. Speaker, to rise in support of S. 2133, the Fraud Re-duction and Data Analytics Act of 2015. S. 2133 is a bipartisan bill that will pro-vide agencies a critically important measure for defeating fraud and pro-tecting taxpayer dollars. In fiscal year 2014, the GAO reported that a significant portion of the $124 billion in improper payments were re-lated to fraud. To make matters worse, all the improper payments increased by a total of $19 billion—that is billion with a B—from the previous fiscal year. Given the cost of these improper pay-ments to agencies and, as a result, to the taxpayers, something must be done to block the flow of these fraudulent and improper payments. S. 2133 will provide the necessary framework around which agencies can build a strong antifraud defense system. Currently, agencies have been over-reliant on an after-the-fact antifraud detection measure which requires the agency to review payments after they have been made and then make an at-tempt to recoup them. S. 2113 actually would require these agencies to develop proactive measures to identify risk, to analyze known cases of fraud, and then to develop strategies to prevent future fraud. It will also protect the American taxpayer dollars from fraud by requir-ing agencies to better share data that can be used to fight fraud. This bill will create a working group of agencies where best practices and fraud detection and prevention strate-gies can be shared throughout the gov-ernment. By combating fraud, agencies will not only protect taxpayer dollars, but also increase the trust and con-fidence in the administration of gov-ernment programs. I would like to thank Senator C
AR-
PERand Senator T ILLIS for introducing this important, good-government legis-lation, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill and help better protect the American taxpayer dollars by vot-ing in favor of S. 2133. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2133. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JEANNE AND JULES MANFORD POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2607) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building.’’ The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2607 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JEANNE AND JULES MANFORD POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2607, introduced by Representative J
OSEPH  C
ROWLEY of New York. The bill des-ignates a post office in Jackson Heights, New York, as the Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building. Jeanne and Jules Manford were ac-tivists in the community and loving parents. I look forward to hearing more about Mr. and Mrs. Manford from my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.046 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4001 June 21, 2016 
colleague and the sponsor of this bill, Representative C
ROWLEY . For now, I urge Members to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 2607, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated in Jackson Heights, New York, as the Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building. Parents of gay activist Morty Manford, Jeanne and Jules Manford quickly became activists themselves, following their son’s beating at a Gay Activists Alliance demonstration in 1972. Morty had been kicked and beat-en, yet police did not intercede on his behalf. Jeanne wrote a letter, published in the New York Post, highlighting her outrage and drawing public attention to violence being perpetrated against the LGBT community. A year later, in 1973, Jeanne and Jules Manford decided to organize a support group for parents of gay chil-dren. By the 1980s, their group was for-mally established as Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays. PFLAG is now an international group made up of over 200,000 members advo-cating for support, understanding, and equal rights for gay, lesbian, transgender, and bisexual individuals. In 1993, almost a year after losing Morty to complications of AIDS, Jeanne Manford served as the grand marshal of the New York Gay Pride Parade. Following her death in 2013, Jeanne was awarded the Nation’s sec-ond highest civilian award, the Presi-dential Citizens Medal, by President Barack Obama. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Jeanne and Jules Manford’s tireless devotion to the LGBT equal rights movement and their advocacy on its behalf. Mr. Speaker, it is also a very sad time in our history where we are wit-nessing, unfortunately, violence and hate being perpetrated on members of our country, the citizens and people who have identified themselves as gay or lesbian. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 2607, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to my colleague from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for yielding me this time. Before I begin, I want to thank my colleague, Ranking Member L
AWRENCE , for her support on the Interior Sub-committee as well as the full com-mittee, Ranking Member C
UMMINGS  and Chairman C
HAFFETZ of the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee for working with us to bring this bill to the floor. I am so pleased to have this chance to honor Jeanne and Jules Manford and their history of community engage-ment by naming the Jackson Heights Post Office, which is situated in Queens, New York, which is squarely in the middle of my congressional dis-trict. I also want to thank Suzanne Swan, Jeanne and Jules’ daughter, and PFLAG for collaborating with me on this legislation as well. Mr. Speaker, the timing of this bill, as my colleague from Michigan just said, could not be a more opportune moment. It comes in the wake of last Sunday’s terrible attack on the LGBT community in Orlando, an attack that was motivated by hate. We stand here today to honor two in-dividuals who, when faced with a hate-ful act of violence themselves against their son, were inspired to start a movement couched in acceptance and support. Jeanne and Jules Manford were your typical middle class Queens, New York-ers, who worked hard to make a better life for themselves, their families, and for their community. Jeanne was a public schoolteacher in Flushing, Queens. Jules was a dentist. The couple worked with a number of local commu-nity groups helping to make Queens a better place to live. And they raised two children, Su-zanne and Morty, in whom they in-stilled the values of hard work, com-passion, and public service. Morty was lucky to have two loving parents who accepted him for who he was at a time when the acceptance of LGBT people was, unfortunately, the exception rath-er than the rule. While a student at Columbia and Cardozo Law School and throughout his career, Morty stood up for the rights of the LGBT community and, like his parents, sought to make life better for those around him. He was one of those many present at the Stonewall riots in Greenwich Village in 1969, and he continued to organize pro-tests in order to draw attention to issues affecting the LGBT community. Following one of those protests in April of 1972, Morty was severely beat-en. In a trial following the beating, witnesses testified that they saw Morty thrown down an escalator and then kicked and stomped on. Thank-fully, those injuries were not fatal. Morty did recover. But his parents, Jeanne and Jules, were galvanized to take their own actions to counter hate and to counter discrimination. The following June, in the Chris-topher Street Liberation Day Parade, the predecessor to New York’s Pride Parade, Jeanne Manford carried a now- famous sign that read: ‘‘Parents of Gays Unite in Support for Our Chil-dren.’’ The image of Jeanne and her de-fiance and call to action in the face of bigotry and violence became a cele-brated artifact in the history of the gay rights movement. This is an iconic photo in the gay rights movement. It shows the face of a proud mother who refuses to accept that her child should be mistreated be-cause of who he is. More importantly, this picture, and this particular sign, document the inception of a new ap-proach to achieving equality, an effort by parents and families to stand up for their LGBT children. In that moment, now 44 years, almost to this day, Jeanne embodied the spirit that has now come to guide a national organiza-tion known as PFLAG. In the wake of Morty Manford’s harrowing beating, Jeanne and Jules realized that, even as LGBT people continue to fight for justice and ac-ceptance, their work can be amplified through the support of their allies. And who better to be an ally than one’s own supportive family? It was with this in mind that Jeanne and Jules founded an organization known as Parents of Gays. With their spirit of community involvement, Jeanne and Jules wanted to help others like them, friends and neighbors and colleagues, to help understand and sup-port their LGBT children. They held their first support group meeting in 1973 in the Church of the Village, a uniquely accepting and progressive Methodist Church in Greenwich Vil-lage, and it is still active today. At a time when attitudes toward sex-ual orientation were only just begin-ning to change, the founding of an or-ganization designed to bring in, edu-cate, and support those closest to the LGBT individuals, their parents, was critical in advancing acceptance and equal rights. Over the next few years, similar or-ganizations were started all around the country, and their representatives were finally brought together following the 1979 National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights. A couple of years later, following important work establishing themselves as the source of information and support, various chapters decided to launch a national organization called Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays, now known as PFLAG. And from there, the organization’s efforts took off. PFLAG began work on national pol-icy issues, such as stopping the mili-tary from discharging lesbian service-members. And it worked to help estab-lish hundreds of chapters in rural com-munities where LGBT individuals and their families had a more difficult time finding and coordinating with others like them. Today, PFLAG counts over 350 chapters and more than 200,000 members in all 50 States, and similar organizations have been established around the world. Jeanne and Jules continued to work in their community, helping to found a PFLAG chapter in Queens, alongside the LGBT equal rights activist and my good friend, Danny Dromm, now a member of the New York City Council. Jeanne went on to become an advocate for people with HIV and AIDS, fol-lowing Morty’s death from the disease in 1992 at the young age of just 41. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.049 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4002 June 21, 2016 
For her many years of work in sup-port of the LGBT community, Jeanne was honored as the first Grand Marshal of the Queens Pride Parade, which began in 1993, the year after Morty’s death. The parade runs through the heart of my district in Queens and passes a reviewing stand situated di-rectly in front of the post office we are renaming today in Jackson Heights. In fact, the street corner next to this post office was itself renamed for someone we lost to a senseless act of hate. Julio Rivera, a young man, was killed in 1990 at the age of 29, targeted because he, himself, was gay. Jackson Heights is a thriving neigh-borhood with a growing LGBT commu-nity, and our community will be hon-ored to have our local post office bear the names of Jeanne and Jules Manford. These symbols remind us of how far we have come. After Jules Manford passed away, Jeanne, having lost her husband and son, eventually went to live with her daughter, Suzanne, in California. b1645 In January of 2013, just a few months before the Supreme Court’s landmark decision overturning the Defense of Marriage Act, Jeanne passed away at the age of 92. That same year, Jeanne was honored posthumously with the Presidential Citizens Medal for her ef-forts. It is difficult to imagine how we could have achieved so much progress toward attaining more equal rights for LGBT Americans without the work of Jeanne and Jules Manford more than 40 years ago. Though the LGBT community itself had already begun to organize and de-mand action, it was the Manfords’ work to bring families and allies into the fold that helped push these issues to the fore. Many attribute the shift in public opinion on the issue of marriage equal-ity to the simple fact that gay and les-bian people are able to be more open about who they are. As a result, more and more straight Americans know someone who is gay or lesbian or bisex-ual or transgender and want their friends and family to be treated equal-ly. This is thanks, in no small part, to the supportive work of the PFLAG and its chapters throughout the years, and to the movement by parents and fami-lies who proudly choose to love their children for who they are. So as we cel-ebrate Pride Month, I am glad we have this opportunity to reflect upon and honor those who helped get us to where we are today. As we mourn in the wake of the trag-ic shooting at the Pulse LGBT night-club in Orlando last week, I hope we all can emulate the way Jeanne and Jules Manford responded to their son’s beat-ing. The Manfords recognized that vio-lent acts of hate don’t show strength. Far from it. They show weakness in the soul of the offender. Instead of recoiling in fear, the Manfords reacted with a sign of love, support, and solidarity. I have been heartened to see millions of Americans do the same over this past week. It has shown our strength as a society and as a nation in spite of an attack meant to shake us. So I am particularly glad that we are able to consider this legislation today to honor Jeanne and Jules Manford for all they have done for Queens, for New York, and for America, and I look for-ward to seeing this become law. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of you who are responsible for bringing this bill to the floor today for its con-sideration. I ask my colleagues to sup-port this bill. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as we close out the naming of our post of-fices, I want to take this time to just awaken this body and America on how the naming of post offices take the leg-acy of American citizens and allow us to celebrate them, remember them, and to create a sense of history in the communities where they live and serve. Just to sum up the post offices that we have named today: Mary E. McCoy, an activist for women and African Americans; Ed Pastor, who was a Con-gressman; Barry Miller, an emergency responder; Amelia Robinson, a civil rights activist; Michael Oxley, a Mem-ber of Congress; Kenneth Christy, a let-ter carrier; and Jeanne and Jules Manford, LGBT activists. Again, today, we have shown Amer-ica that we recognize the service of those who on their own desire, will, and passion have served our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2607. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2395) to amend the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2395 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inspector General Empowerment Act of 2016’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Full and prompt access to all docu-ments. Sec. 3. Additional authority provisions for Inspectors General. Sec. 4. Additional responsibilities of the Council of the Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Effi-ciency. Sec. 5. Amendments to the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 and the Inspec-tor General Reform Act of 2008. Sec. 6. Reports required. Sec. 7. Public release of misconduct report. Sec. 8. No additional funds authorized. 
SEC. 2. FULL AND PROMPT ACCESS TO ALL DOC-UMENTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 6 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-ed— (1) by amending subsection (a)(1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, except any provision of law en-acted by Congress that expressly refers to an Inspector General and expressly limits the right of access by that Inspector General, to have timely access to all records, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, rec-ommendations, or other materials available to the applicable establishment which relate to programs and operations with respect to which that Inspector General has respon-sibilities under this Act; and ‘‘(B) except as provided in subsection (i), with regard to Federal grand jury materials protected from disclosure pursuant to Fed-eral Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e), to have timely access to such information if the At-torney General grants the request in accord-ance with subsection (g);’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(g) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATED TO REQUEST  
FORFEDERAL GRAND JURYMATERIALS .— ‘‘(1) T
RANSMISSION OF REQUEST TO ATTOR -
NEY GENERAL .—If the Inspector General of an establishment submits a request to the head of the establishment for Federal grand jury materials pursuant to subsection (a)(1), the head of the establishment shall immediately notify the Attorney General of such request. ‘‘(2) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DETERMINATION .— Not later than 15 days after the date on which a request is submitted to the Attorney General under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall determine whether to grant or deny the request for Federal grand jury ma-terials and shall immediately notify the head of the establishment of such determina-tion. The Attorney General shall grant the request unless the Attorney General deter-mines that granting access to the Federal grand jury materials would be likely to— ‘‘(A) interfere with an ongoing criminal in-vestigation or prosecution; ‘‘(B) interfere with an undercover oper-ation; ‘‘(C) result in disclosure of the identity of a confidential source, including a protected witness; ‘‘(D) pose a serious threat to national secu-rity; or ‘‘(E) result in significant impairment of the trade or economic interests of the United States. ‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL OF DETERMINATION TO  
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION OF ATTORNEY GENERAL  
DETERMINATION .—The head of the establish-ment shall inform the Inspector General of the establishment of the determination made by the Attorney General with respect to the request for Federal grand jury mate-rials. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4003 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(B) C OMMENTS BY INSPECTOR GENERAL .— The Inspector General of the establishment described under subparagraph (A) may sub-mit comments on the determination sub-mitted pursuant to such subparagraph to the committees listed under paragraph (4) that the Inspector General considers appropriate. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION OF DENIALS TO CONGRESS BY  
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after notifying the head of an establish-ment of a denial pursuant to paragraph (2), the Attorney General shall submit a state-ment that the request for Federal grand jury materials by the Inspector General was de-nied and the reason for the denial to each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Committees on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Judi-ciary of the Senate. ‘‘(B) The Committees on Oversight and Government Reform and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(C) Other appropriate committees and subcommittees of Congress. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as authorizing an Inspector General to publicly disclose in-formation otherwise prohibited from disclo-sure by law. ‘‘(i) E
XCEPTION .—Subsections (a)(1)(B) and (g) shall not apply to requests from the In-spector General of the Department of Jus-tice.’’. (b) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE  D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—Section 8E(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) shall have access under section 6(a)(1)(A) to information available to the De-partment of Justice under Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e).’’. 
SEC. 3. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY PROVISIONS FOR INSPECTORS GENERAL. 
(a) S UBPOENA AUTHORITY FOR INSPECTORS  G
ENERAL TOREQUIRE TESTIMONY OF CERTAIN  P
ERSONS .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 6 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6A. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) T ESTIMONIAL SUBPOENA AUTHORITY .— In addition to the authority otherwise pro-vided by this Act and in accordance with the requirements of this section, each Inspector General, in carrying out the provisions of this Act (or in the case of an Inspector Gen-eral or Special Inspector General not estab-lished under this Act, the provisions of the authorizing statute), is authorized to require by subpoena the attendance and testimony of witnesses as necessary in the performance of the functions assigned to the Inspector General by this Act (or in the case of an In-spector General or Special Inspector General not established under this Act, the functions assigned by the authorizing statute), in the case of contumacy or refusal to obey, shall be enforceable by order of any appropriate United States district court. An Inspector General may not require by subpoena the at-tendance and testimony of any current Fed-eral employees, but may use other author-ized procedures. ‘‘(b) N
ONDELEGATION .—The authority to issue a subpoena under subsection (a) may not be delegated. ‘‘(c) P
ANEL REVIEW BEFORE ISSUANCE .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUEST FOR APPROVAL BY SUBPOENA  
PANEL .—Before the issuance of a subpoena described in subsection (a), an Inspector Gen-eral shall submit a request for approval to issue a subpoena to a panel (in this section, referred to as the ‘Subpoena Panel’), which shall be comprised of three Inspectors Gen-eral of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, who shall be des-ignated by the Inspector General serving as Chairperson of the Council. ‘‘(B) PROTECTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—The information contained in the request sub-mitted by an Inspector General under sub-paragraph (A) and the identification of a wit-ness shall be protected from disclosure to the extent permitted by law. Any request for dis-closure of such information shall be sub-mitted to the Inspector General requesting the subpoena. ‘‘(2) T
IME TO RESPOND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Subpoena Panel shall approve or deny a request for approval to issue a subpoena not later than 10 days after the submission of such request. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR PANEL .— If the Subpoena Panel determines that addi-tional information is necessary to approve or deny such request, the Subpoena Panel shall request such information and shall approve or deny such request not later than 20 days after the submission of such request. ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL BY PANEL .—If a majority of the Subpoena Panel denies the approval of a sub-poena, that subpoena may not be issued. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE TO ATTORNEY GENERAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Subpoena Panel approves a subpoena under subsection (c), the Inspector General shall notify the Attor-ney General that the Inspector General in-tends to issue the subpoena. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL FOR INTERFERENCE WITH AN ON -
GOING INVESTIGATION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the Attorney Gen-eral is notified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Attorney General may object to the issuance of the subpoena because the subpoena will interfere with an ongoing investigation and the subpoena may not be issued. ‘‘(3) I
SSUANCE OF SUBPOENA APPROVED .—If the Attorney General does not object to the issuance of the subpoena during the ten-day period described in paragraph (2), the Inspec-tor General may issue the subpoena. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Chairperson of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(f) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘Inspector General’ includes each Inspector General es-tablished under this Act and each Inspector General or Special Inspector General not es-tablished under this Act. ‘‘(g) A
PPLICABILITY .—The provisions of this section shall not affect the exercise of au-thority by an Inspector General of testi-monial subpoena authority established under another provision of law.’’; (2) in section 5(a)— (A) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (16), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(17) a description of the use of subpoenas for the attendance and testimony of certain witnesses authorized under section 6A.’’; and (3) in section 8G(g)(1), by inserting ‘‘6A,’’ before ‘‘and 7’’. (b) M
ATCHING PROGRAM AND PAPERWORK  R
EDUCTION ACTEXCEPTION FOR INSPECTORS  G
ENERAL .—Section 6 of the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 2(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j)(1) In this subsection, the terms ‘agen-cy’, ‘matching program’, ‘record’, and ‘sys-tem of records’ have the meanings given those terms in section 552a(a) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) For purposes of section 552a of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, a computerized comparison of 2 or more automated Federal systems of records, or a computerized comparison of a Federal sys-tem of records with other records or non- Federal records, performed by an Inspector General or by an agency in coordination with an Inspector General in conducting an audit, investigation, inspection, evaluation, or other review authorized under this Act shall not be considered a matching program. ‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to impede the exercise by an In-spector General of any matching program authority established under any other provi-sion of law. ‘‘(h) Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to the collection of information during the conduct of an audit, investigation, inspection, eval-uation, or other review conducted by the Council of the Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency or any Office of Inspector General, including any Office of Special In-spector General.’’. SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COUNCIL OF THE INSPECTORS GEN-ERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFI-CIENCY. 
(a) F UNCTIONS AND DUTIES OF COUNCIL .— Section 11(c)(1) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as subparagraph (I); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) except for any investigation, inspec-tion, audit, or review conducted under sec-tion 103H of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033), receive, review, and mediate any disputes submitted in writing to the Council by an Office of Inspector General re-garding an audit, investigation, inspection, evaluation, or project that involves the ju-risdiction of more than one Federal agency or entity; and’’. (b) I
NTEGRITY COMMITTEE .—Section 11(d) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) not later than 60 days after the date on which an allegation of wrongdoing is re-ceived by the Integrity Committee, make a determination whether the Integrity Com-mittee will initiate an investigation of such allegation under this subsection.’’; (2) in paragraph (6)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘may provide resources’’ and inserting ‘‘shall pro-vide assistance’’; and (3) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (i) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subclause (IV), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by inserting at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(V) creating a regular rotation of Inspec-tors General assigned to investigate com-plaints through the Integrity Committee; and ‘‘(VI) creating procedures to avoid con-flicts of interest for Integrity Committee in-vestigations.’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (E); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.028 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4004 June 21, 2016 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION OF INVESTIGATION .—If a determination is made under paragraph (5) to initiate an investigation, the Integrity Committee— ‘‘(i) shall complete the investigation not later than six months after the date on which the Integrity Committee made such determination; ‘‘(ii) if the investigation cannot be com-pleted within such six-month period, shall— ‘‘(I) promptly notify the congressional committees listed in paragraph (8)(A)(iii); and ‘‘(II) to the maximum extent practicable, complete the investigation not later than 3 months after the expiration of the six-month period; and ‘‘(iii) if the investigation cannot be com-pleted within such nine-month period, shall brief the congressional committees listed in paragraph (8)(A)(iii) every thirty days until the investigation is complete. ‘‘(D) C
ONCURRENT INVESTIGATION .—If an in- vestigation of an allegation of wrongdoing against an Inspector General or a staff mem-ber of an Office of Inspector General de-scribed under paragraph (4)(C) is initiated by a governmental entity other than the Integ-rity Committee, the Integrity Committee may conduct any related investigation for which a determination to initiate an inves-tigation was made under paragraph (5) con-currently with the other government enti-ty.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION ; DESIGNEE AU-
THORITY .—Section 11 of the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B) by striking ‘‘Of-fice of the Director of National Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Intelligence Community’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or the designee of the Special Counsel’’ before the period at the end; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or the designee of the Director’’ before the pe-riod at the end. 
SEC. 5. AMENDMENTS TO THE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL ACT OF 1978 AND THE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL REFORM ACT OF 2008. 
(a) I NCORPORATION OF PROVISIONS FROM THE  I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REFORM ACT OF 2008 I NTO 
THEINSPECTOR GENERAL ACT OF 1978.— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 11(d) of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) A
LLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING AGAINST  
SPECIAL COUNSEL OR DEPUTY SPECIAL COUN -
SEL.— ‘‘(A) S
PECIAL COUNSEL DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Special Counsel’ means the Special Counsel appointed under section 1211(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF INTEGRITY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An allegation of wrong-doing against the Special Counsel or the Deputy Special Counsel may be received, re-viewed, and referred for investigation by the Integrity Committee to the same extent and in the same manner as in the case of an alle-gation against an Inspector General (or a member of the staff of an Office of Inspector General), subject to the requirement that the Special Counsel recuse himself or herself from the consideration of any allegation brought under this paragraph. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH EXISTING PROVI -
SIONS OF LAW .—This paragraph does not eliminate access to the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board for review under section 7701 of title 5, United States Code. To the extent that an allegation brought under this sub-section involves section 2302(b)(8) of that title, a failure to obtain corrective action within 120 days after the date on which that allegation is received by the Integrity Com-mittee shall, for purposes of section 1221 of such title, be considered to satisfy section 1214(a)(3)(B) of that title. ‘‘(C) REGULATIONS .—The Integrity Com-mittee may prescribe any rules or regula-tions necessary to carry out this paragraph, subject to such consultation or other re-quirements as might otherwise apply.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7(b) of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–409; 122 Stat. 4312; 5 U.S.C. 1211 note) is repealed. (b) A
GENCY APPLICABILITY .— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 3(a), is further amended— (A) in section 8M— (i) in subsection (a)(1)— (I) by striking ‘‘agency’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal agency and designated Federal entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘agency’’ the second and third place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal agency or designated Federal entity’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency and des-ignated Federal entity’’; and (II) in paragraph (2)— (aa) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency and designated Federal entity’’; and (bb) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency and designated Federal entity’’; and (B) in section 11(c)(3)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘department, agency, or entity of the execu-tive branch’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency or designated Federal entity’’. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head and the Inspector General of each Federal agency and each designated Federal entity (as such terms are defined in sections 12 and 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), respectively) shall implement the amendments made by this subsection. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR INSPECTORS GEN-
ERAL WEBSITES .—Section 8M(b)(1) of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘report or audit (or portion of any report or audit)’’ and inserting ‘‘audit report, inspection re-port, or evaluation report (or portion of any such report)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘report or audit (or portion of that report or audit)’’ and inserting ‘‘re-port (or portion of that report)’’, each place it appears. (d) C
ORRECTIONS .— (1) E
XECUTIVE ORDER NUMBER .—Section 7(c)(2) of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–409; 122 Stat. 4313; 31 U.S.C. 501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘12933’’ and inserting ‘‘12993’’. (2) P
UNCTUATION AND CROSS -REFERENCES .— The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 3(a) and sub-section (b), is further amended— (A) in section 4(b)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘8F(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘8G(a)(2)’’, each place it appears; and (ii) by striking ‘‘8F(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘8G(a)(1)’’; (B) in section 6(a)(4), by striking ‘‘informa-tion, as well as any tangible thing)’’ and in-serting ‘‘information), as well as any tan-gible thing’’; (C) in section 8G(g)(3), by striking ‘‘8C’’ and inserting ‘‘8D’’; and (D) in section 5(a)(13), by striking ‘‘05(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘804(b)’’. (3) S
PELLING .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 3(a), subsection (b), and paragraph (2), is fur-ther amended— (A) in section 3(a), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; (B) in section 6(a)(4), by striking ‘‘sub-pena’’ and ‘‘subpenas’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-poena’’ and ‘‘subpoenas’’, respectively; (C) in section 8D(a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subpenas’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoenas’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’, each place it ap-pears; (D) in section 8E(a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subpenas’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoenas’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’, each place it ap-pears; and (E) in section 8G(d), by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’. (e) REPEAL .—Section 744 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 2009 (division D of Public Law 111– 8; 123 Stat. 693) is repealed. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS REQUIRED. 
(a) R EPORT ON VACANCIES IN THE OFFICES OF  I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) GAO 
STUDY REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General shall conduct a study of prolonged vacancies in the Offices of Inspector General, during which a temporary appointee has served as the head of the office that in-cludes— (A) the number and duration of Inspector General vacancies; (B) an examination of the extent to which the number and duration of such vacancies has changed over time; (C) an evaluation of the impact such va-cancies have had on the ability of the rel-evant Office of the Inspector General to ef-fectively carry out statutory requirements; and (D) recommendations to minimize the du-ration of such vacancies. (2) C
OMMITTEE BRIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than nine months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall present a briefing on the findings of the study described in subsection (a) to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than fifteen months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report on the findings of the study described in subsection (a) to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate. (b) R
EPORT ON ISSUES INVOLVING MULTIPLE  O
FFICES OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) E
XAMINATION REQUIRED .—The Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency shall conduct an analysis of critical issues that involve the jurisdiction of more than one individual Federal agency or entity to identify— (A) each such issue that could be better ad-dressed through greater coordination among, and cooperation between, individual Offices of Inspector General; (B) the best practices that can be employed by the Offices of Inspector General to in-crease coordination and cooperation on each issue identified; and (C) any recommended statutory changes that would facilitate coordination and co-operation among Offices of Inspector General on critical issues. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Council of the Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Efficiency shall submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.028 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4005 June 21, 2016 
a report on the findings of the analysis de-scribed in subsection (a) to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 7. PUBLIC RELEASE OF MISCONDUCT RE-PORT. 
(a) P UBLIC RELEASE BY INSPECTORS GEN-
ERAL OF REPORT OF MISCONDUCT .—Section 4(a) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) to make publicly available a final re-port on any administrative investigation that confirms misconduct, including any vio-lation of Federal law and any significant vio-lation of Federal agency policy, by any sen-ior Government employee (as such term is defined under section 5(f)), not later than 60 days after issuance of the final report, ensur-ing that information protected under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’), section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), and section 6103 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is not disclosed.’’. (b) R
EPORTS OF MISCONDUCT IN SEMIANNUAL  R
EPORTS .—Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 2(a)(2), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (17), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; (C) by inserting at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(18) statistical tables showing— ‘‘(A) the total number of investigative re-ports issued during that reporting period; ‘‘(B) the total number of persons referred to the Department of Justice for criminal prosecution during that reporting period; ‘‘(C) the total number of persons referred to State and local prosecutive authorities for criminal prosecution during that reporting period; and ‘‘(D) the total number of indictments and criminal informations during that reporting period that have resulted from any prior re-ferral to prosecutive authorities; ‘‘(19) a description of the metrics used for developing the data for the statistical tables under paragraph (18); ‘‘(20) detailed descriptions of each inves-tigation conducted by the Office involving a senior Government employee where allega-tions of misconduct were substantiated, in-cluding a detailed description of— ‘‘(A) the facts and circumstances of the in-vestigation; and ‘‘(B) the status and disposition of the mat-ter, including— ‘‘(i) if the matter was referred to the De-partment of Justice, the date of the referral; and ‘‘(ii) if the Department of Justice declined the referral, the date of the declination; and ‘‘(21) a list and summary of the particular circumstances of each— ‘‘(A) inspection, evaluation, and audit con-ducted by the Office that is closed and was not disclosed to the public; and ‘‘(B) investigation conducted by the Office that is closed and was not disclosed to the public involving a senior Government em-ployee.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) the term ‘senior Government em-ployee’ means— ‘‘(A) an officer or employee in the execu-tive branch (including a special Government employee as defined in section 202 of title 18, United States Code) who occupies a position classified at or above GS–15 of the General Schedule or, in the case of positions not under the General Schedule, for which the rate of basic pay is equal to or greater than 120 percent of the minimum rate of basic pay payable for GS–15 of the General Schedule; and ‘‘(B) any commissioned officer in the Armed Forces in pay grades O–6 and above.’’. SEC. 8. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2395, the Inspector General Empowerment Act. Indeed, the inspectors general play a key role in improving our govern-ment’s efficiency. They conduct inves-tigations and audits to prevent and de-tect waste, fraud, and mismanagement in their agencies’ programs. The IGs help Congress to shape legislation and to target our oversight and investiga-tive activities. The IGs have proven to be one of Congress’ best investments. In the last fiscal year, the IG community used their $2.6 billion budget to identify po-tential cost savings to the taxpayers, totaling $46.5 billion. That means that for every dollar in the total IG’s budg-et, they identified approximately $18 in savings. In light of this return on investment, we want the IGs to have every access to the records that they need to do their jobs. But that hasn’t always been the case, Mr. Speaker. For example, at the Justice Department, the inspector general could not access grand jury documents or national security-related documents without the approval of the Deputy Attorney General or the Fed-eral courts. At the EPA, several offices, including the EPA’s Office of Homeland Security, intentionally interfered with the IG’s investigations. At the Chemical Safety Board—which the EPA OIG also over-sees—the IG was denied access to cer-tain documents based on a phony at-torney-client privilege claim. And the Peace Corps refused to provide its in-spector general access to information related to sexual assaults on the Peace Corps volunteers absent a memo-randum of understanding. In all of these instances, the agencies had clear guidance from section 6(a) of the IG Act to provide the IG with ac-cess to all records, but that guidance, indeed, was ignored. The IG Empowerment Act makes clear that section 6(a) means exactly what it says: Every inspector general shall have access to all records, re-ports, audits, reviews, documents, pa-pers, recommendations, or other mate-rials. When agencies refuse or limit IGs’ access to agency records, it undermines the intent of Congress and frustrates our mutual interest in government transparency and efficiency. Further-more, the negotiations between agen-cies and their IGs are wasteful. Both sides commit time and resources— which sometimes include hiring out-side lawyers—so that those resources could be better used elsewhere. These are some of the problems that we are trying to address with the In-spector General Empowerment Act. The bill we are considering today will make the IGs even more effective by allowing them to follow the facts where they lead. For years, the IGs have asked us to extend to them the authority to issue subpoenas to get an-swers from government contractors and former Federal employees. Independent sources, including the DOJ’s National Procurement Task Force and the Project on Government Oversight, have also urged Congress to expand the testimonial subpoena au-thority. This bill provides the expanded au-thority that the IGs have asked for, but with safeguards in place to make sure that they protect against the pos-sibility that an IG’s investigation would interfere with an ongoing crimi-nal investigation, or do other harm. This bill represents several years of bipartisan work, and it reflects input from stakeholders. I would urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2395, the Inspector General Em-powerment Act. This bill, introduced by Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman J
ASON CHAFFETZ  and Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUM-
MINGS , was approved by the committee with strong bipartisan support. There is a reason why this bill has so much support: it strengthens the in-spectors general, who are the first line 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.028 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4006 June 21, 2016 
of defense against waste, fraud, and abuse in Federal programs. In fiscal year 2014 alone, IGs made recommenda-tions to improve the economy and effi-ciency of Federal programs that could save $46.5 billion. As my colleague, Mr. M
EADOWS , stated, this is a return of about $18 for every $1 invested in IG budgets. The bill would make a number of im-provements to the Inspector General Act. It will guarantee IG access to agency information. Unfettered access to agency information is a cornerstone of the IG’s ability to conduct their mis-sions effectively. The bill would also grant IGs the authority to issue sub-poenas to compel testimony after care-ful review and with the concurrence of the Department of Justice. IGs would also be granted expedited authority to match Federal records across agencies under this bill, which would facilitate audits and help identify fraud and waste in Federal programs. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port the Inspector General Empower-ment Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for his vision and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for work-ing in a bipartisan way to not only em-power our IGs, but give them the tools necessary to do what they do best; that is, to work on behalf of the American taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, I also want to let Con-gresswoman L
AWRENCE know that I have no further speakers at this point and am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I, again, give my support to this bill. I want to note that this is bipartisan. So often we have many disagreements on either side of the aisle about policy. It is a good day in Congress when we work together in a bipartisan way to empower our Federal agencies while saving money and creating efficiencies. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ), my good friend. She well notes that not only is this a bipartisan bill, but it is one that is widely sup-ported. I would also like to thank our respective staffs for the hard work that they have put in on crafting this par-ticular piece of legislation. I think it becomes a powerful tool. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the Inspector General Empowerment Act. Inspectors General play a crucial role in making the federal government more effective and efficient. The bill we are considering today will help the IGs do their jobs even better. I appreciate the time and effort that Oversight Committee Chairman J
ASON CHAFFETZ and his staff put into making this bill a truly bipartisan product. I also want to thank Representative MARKMEADOWS for his work on this bill. This bill would make crystal clear that In-spectors General have the right to access any information available to the agency the IG oversees. An agency could not deny an IG ac-cess to information unless Congress expressly limits the rights of an IG to access the infor-mation in a statute. The bill includes special provisions for grand jury information held by the Department of Justice. Under the bill, the IG for DOJ would have unfettered access to grand jury informa-tion, but the Attorney General could limit ac-cess to grand jury information for other agency IGs under certain exceptions. This language was painstakingly worked out with feedback from DOJ and the Inspectors General. The Inspector General Empowerment Act would also give Inspectors General the ability to subpoena witnesses. This would be a sig-nificant new authority. I believe most IGs would act responsibly and use this authority only when absolutely necessary. There is a potential for abuse, however, so the bill includes several safe-guards. The bill would require an IG, before issuing a subpoena, to go through two re-views. The first review would be conducted by the Council of Inspectors General for Integrity and Efficiency. A panel of three Inspectors General would approve or deny any request by an IG to issue a subpoena for witness testimony. The second review would be conducted by the Attorney General, who would have the oppor-tunity to object if the subpoena would interfere with an ongoing investigation. I believe the bill strikes a careful balance in granting IGs the authority to interview witnesses outside of the government while also providing these impor-tant checks against potential abuse. The Inspector General Empowerment Act would also make needed reforms to the proc-ess used for investigating allegations of wrongdoing by Inspectors General. The cur-rent process can be agonizingly slow. The bill also contains several other reforms aimed at helping IGs perform independent audits and investigations. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2395, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEMALE VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2487) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evalua-tion of such programs by the Sec-retary, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2487 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Female Vet-eran Suicide Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIFIC CONSIDERATION OF WOMEN VETERANS IN EVALUATION OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MENTAL HEALTH CARE AND SUI-CIDE PREVENTION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1709B(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including metrics applicable specifically to women’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) identify the mental health care and suicide prevention programs conducted by the Secretary that are most effective for women veterans and such programs with the highest satisfaction rates among women vet-erans.’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1700 FISCAL YEAR 2016 DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SEISMIC SAFETY AND CONSTRUCTION AU-THORIZATION ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4590) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations are being made for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4590 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Veterans Affairs Seismic Safety and Construction Authorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic corrections to buildings, in-cluding retrofitting and replacement of high- risk buildings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $175,880,000. (2) Seismic corrections to facilities, includ-ing facilities to support homeless veterans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.053 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4007 June 21, 2016 
at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $100,250,000. (3) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $282,100,000. (4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, administrative space, cemetery, and col-umbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to exceed $83,782,000. (5) Realignment of medical facilities in Livermore, California, in an amount not to exceed $188,650,000. (6) Construction of a replacement commu-nity living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. (7) Seismic corrections and other renova-tions to several buildings and construction of a specialty care building in American Lake, Washington, in an amount not to ex-ceed $13,830,000. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  C
ONSTRUCTION .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for fiscal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, $937,192,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). (c) L
IMITATION .—The projects authorized in subsection (a) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in subsection (b); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. 
SEC. 3. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, for each project au-thorized in section 2(a), the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate the following in-formation: (1) A line item accounting of expenditures relating to construction management car-ried out by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for such project. (2) The future amounts that are budgeted to be obligated for construction management carried out by the Department for such project. (3) A justification for the expenditures de-scribed in paragraph (1) and the future amounts described in paragraph (2). (4) Any agreement entered into by the Sec-retary regarding the Army Corps of Engi-neers providing services relating to such project, including reimbursement agree-ments and the costs to the Department of Veterans Affairs for such services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and add any extraneous mate-rial on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4590, as amended, the Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Veterans Af-fairs Seismic Safety and Construction Authorization Act. This bill, which I have sponsored, would authorize seven major medical facility projects in San Francisco, Cali-fornia; West Los Angeles, California; Long Beach, California; Alameda, Cali-fornia; Livermore, California; Perry Point, Maryland; and American Lake, Washington. These projects will correct seismic safety issues in high-risk VA medical facilities, provide housing and support services for homeless veterans, in-crease the availability of outpatient care, and replace outdated buildings with modern ones that are better suit-ed to providing the high-quality care that our veterans deserve. Each of these projects was requested in the President’s budget submission for fis-cal year 2016, and funds have already been appropriated for them. Many in this Chamber are well aware of the debacle that characterized VA’s management of the Denver replace-ment hospital facility construction project. Cost overruns and extensive delays had become the status quo for mostly all VA major construction projects. In the case of Denver, the price tag more than doubled from the initial estimate. As a result of that, for all projects costing over $100 million going forward, we now call them ‘‘super construction’’ projects. A non- VA entity will assume project manage-ment responsibilities. Of the seven projects to be authorized in this bill, six of them meet the super construction criteria. The Army Corps of Engineers will be managing those six projects. In light of that, I have re-duced the total authorization for these projects slightly, since VA should no longer require funds that have been built into the projects for VA construc-tion management. With little transparency into what is actually required for VA to manage these projects supposedly in support of the Army Corps of Engineers, I hesi-tate to authorize any additional man-agement funding without a full ac-counting of what is essential to com-pletely execute these projects. This bill would require that VA would provide a full accounting of management expend-itures for these projects, going forward. Mr. Speaker, before we conclude de-bate on the VA construction bill, I feel obliged to discuss the absence of one particular project—the new replace-ment medical facility in Louisville, Kentucky. First, the proposed construction project in Louisville has been criticized by local stakeholders who have ex-pressed concerns regarding the parcel of land that VA has proposed con-structing this new facility on. Those concerns were validated by the com-mittee following an on-site investiga-tion last year, and, as a result, VA has initiated an environmental impact study that is ongoing today. The EIS will take a year or more to complete and could very well result in a deter-mination that VA pursue a different approach to ensuring that Louisville area veterans are provided the high- quality care they earned and deserve. Given that, I believe it would be un-timely and inappropriate for Congress to authorize this project before the EIS is complete. That conclusion is shared by VA construction officials, who stat-ed themselves, in a briefing with com-mittee staff earlier this year, that it would be premature to authorize the Louisville project at this time since the EIS is in progress and the way ahead for the project is uncertain. Finally, VA has a disastrous history of building VA hospitals on time and on budget. The Denver construction project is $1 billion—$1 billion—over budget. After opening the new Orlando hos-pital years late and hundreds of mil-lions over budget, VA quietly settled with the Orlando hospital contractor for an additional $213 million over the budget. And the New Orleans hospital is $100 million over budget right now. In light of this track record, the strict-est of scrutiny needs to be applied to major hospital projects going forward, and that must begin with Louisville. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) con-trol the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4590, the Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Veterans Affairs Seismic Safety and Construction Authorization Act. The major duty of this committee is to make sure that our veterans have access to the best care they can re-ceive, and authorizing construction or ensuring that existing facilities are structurally sound is very important. All the facilities included in this bill—San Francisco, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Alameda, Livermore in Cali-fornia; Perry Point, Maryland; and American Lake, Washington—are all in need of major renovations to make them safe. I am glad we are passing this bill today, and I look forward to breaking ground on these projects sooner rather 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.031 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4008 June 21, 2016 
than later. I urge all Members to sup-port this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 4590, a bill to authorize funding for numerous De-partment of Veterans Affairs construc-tion projects throughout the Nation. Funding for many of these projects was already appropriated in fiscal year 2016 but needs authorization, and this is what the bill does. I want to thank Chairman M
ILLER  and Ranking Member B
ROWN for their work and commitment to our Nation’s veterans and for bringing this bill to the floor. The VA is currently challenged by a growing backlog in construction projects and old infrastructure. The VA manages over 6,000 buildings and near-ly 34,000 acres of land. Additionally, more than 4,000 critical infrastructure gaps remain, which are estimated to cost between $56 billion and $68 billion to close. A growing backlog in con-struction projects and infrastructure is leading veterans to have to wait too long to receive the care they need and deserve. This list of construction projects is also one of the reasons I have intro-duced H.R. 4129, the Jumpstart VA Construction Act. This bill provides for public-private partnerships at the VA to expedite construction opportunities at the VA. H.R. 4129 will help maximize partnerships between Federal and non- Federal entities and ensure that we avoid the systemic problems that have plagued the VA in the past, projects like Denver and Orlando. Meanwhile, H.R. 4590 also includes funding for the Livermore realignment project, as was mentioned by the chair-man and ranking member. This is a project that is very important to the veterans of the Central Valley of Cali-fornia, including my district. This funding would provide for the construction of a 158,000-square-foot community-based outpatient clinic in French Camp, California. While vets have been waiting for years, I fought for this project for at least 8 years. The French Camp community-based out-patient clinic will serve 87,000 veterans across a wide geographic area that in-cludes San Joaquin, Stanislaus, Calaveras, Tuolumne, and Alameda Counties, among others. California’s Central Valley veterans confront many obstacles accessing the care they need from the VA. I want to tell you a little story. In Stockton, California, it is about a 3- hour commute to the nearest VA cen-ter, which is in Palo Alto. The com-mute takes long because it is a dis-tance and because there is tremendous traffic. I took the ride along with one of our veterans a couple of years ago, and it took all day to go in for a half- hour appointment. Now, not every elderly gentleman can sit in a car for 3 hours one way and then 3 hours back. This is a real hard-ship. Not only can they not sit in a car for that long, but they may not even have that kind of transportation. So this is very important. I am sure that all of these projects have that kind of a story. We need more facilities. We need this authorization. Congress approved the Central Valley community-based out-patient clinic and community center in 2004 as part of the VA’s Capital Asset Realignment for Enhanced Services initiatives. In 2010, Congress appro-priated $55 million for land acquisition and to fund construction and planning. The project is ready to begin construc-tion, and our Central Valley veterans are eager to see progress on a project that was promised to them in 2004. The French Camp outpatient clinic would offer an array of services: pri-mary care, mental health care, radi-ology, audiology, physical and occupa-tional therapy, dental, and other spe-cialty services throughout the tele-health system. Veterans have sacrificed so much to protect our freedom and democracy. They deserve access to state-of-the-art healthcare facilities closer to home. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 4590. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4590. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
ILLER , Ms. B ROWN , and Mr. M
CNERNEY for their work on this bill. I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4590, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ABIE ABRAHAM VA CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5317) to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5317 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Abie Abraham of Lyndora, Pennsyl-vania, was stationed during World War II with the 18th Infantry in New York; three years with the 14th Infantry in Panama; 15th Infantry, unassigned in China, while the U.S.S. Panay was sunk; 30th Infantry, Pre-sidio, San Francisco; and the 31st Infantry, Manila, Philippines, for nine years. (2) During World War II, Abraham fought, was captured, endured the Bataan Death March and as a prisoner of war for three and a half years, was beaten, stabbed, shot, sur-vived malaria and starvation to be rescued by the 6th Rangers. (3) Abraham stayed behind at the request of General Douglas MacArthur for two and a half more years disinterring the bodies of his fallen comrades from the Bataan Death March and the prison camps, helping to iden-tify their bodies and see that they were prop-erly laid to rest. (4) After his promotion in 1945, Abraham came back to the United States where he served as a recruiter and then also served two years in Germany until his retirement with 30 years of service as a Master Ser-geant. (5) Abraham received numerous medals for his service, including the Purple Heart, and had several documentaries on the Discovery Channel and History Channel. (6) Abraham wrote the books ‘‘Ghost of Ba-taan Speaks’’ in 1971 and ‘‘Oh, God, Where Are You’’ in 1977 to help the public better un-derstand what our brave men endured at the hands of the Imperial Japanese Army as pris-oners of war. (7) Abraham was a life member of the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, the Purple Heart Combat/Infantry Organiza-tion, the American Ex-POWs, the Disabled American Veterans, and the American De-fenders of Bataan. (8) Abraham was a volunteer at Veterans Affairs Butler Healthcare for 23 years from 1988 to 2011 and had 36,851 service hours car-ing for our veterans. SEC. 2. ABIE ABRAHAM VA CLINIC. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Department of Vet-erans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the health care center referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5317, a bill to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs VA healthcare center in Center Township, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.057 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4009 June 21, 2016 
Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the Abie Abraham VA Clinic. This bill is sponsored by Congress-man M
IKEKELLY from Pennsylvania. I am grateful to him for his work to in-troduce this legislation to honor a true American hero. Master Sergeant Abraham lived a truly remarkable life. Born in Lyndora, Pennsylvania, as 1 of 11 children, he set a world record as a young teenager for sitting in a tree for 3
1⁄2months—that is rather amazing, I might add—accord-ing to his obituary in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. In 1932, at the age of just 19, he en-listed in the United States Navy. Two years later, he enlisted in the United States Army. Over the course of a 30- year military career, he served in the Philippines, China, Germany, Panama, and earned a number of well-deserved accolades, including the Purple Heart. During World War II, he survived the Bataan Death March. Over the course of 3
1⁄2years in captivity, Master Ser-geant Abraham was beaten, stabbed, shot, and starved. At one point, he con-tracted malaria. Instead of returning immediately to the United States fol-lowing his rescue, Master Sergeant Abraham agreed to stay behind at the request of General Douglas MacArthur. For 2
1⁄2years, he worked to recover the remains of his fallen comrades and to ensure they received the respect they were certainly due. Following his service, Abie Abraham devoted his time to caring for his fel-low brothers and sisters in arms. He was a lifelong member of several vet-erans service organizations. He also volunteered at the VA Butler Healthcare Center, where, over the course of 23 years, he would spend al-most 40,000 hours tending to veteran patients there. b1715 According to his obituary, Master Sergeant Abraham would arrive at the Butler VA facility at 6:45 in the morn-ing, 5 days a week, and spend hours in greeting veteran patients, in helping them where they needed to go, in an-swering their questions, in bringing them coffee, and in generally making their experiences at the VA easier and better. In his spare time, he authored two books about his experiences in the military; he made public appearances at schools and community centers; and he participated in documentary films that have aired on the Discovery and History channels. I must mention as well that, in addi-tion to his being a hero on the battle-field and at the VA afterwards, an ac-complished author, and an inspira-tional mentor, he was also a light-weight boxing champion and trainer. In 2012, Master Sergeant Abraham died at the age of 98. Given his long and full life—a life that was characterized by service to others both in uniform and out—it is only fitting and appro-priate that we honor Master Sergeant Abraham by naming the VA healthcare center in Butler County, Pennsylvania, after him. This legislation satisfies all of the committee’s naming criteria and is supported by the Pennsylvania con-gressional delegation as well as by many VSOs. Once again, I thank my colleague, Congressman MIKEKELLY , for intro-ducing this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 5317, a bill to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the Abie Abraham VA Clinic. Born in 1913, Abie Abraham was a decorated World War II veteran who served in both the United States Navy and the United States Army and served in the Philippines, China, Germany, and Panama. As the text of the bill states, he was captured by the Japa-nese in the Philippines and survived the Bataan Death March and 3
1⁄2years as a prisoner of war. Not only did he survive that ordeal, but when General MacArthur asked him to stay and help identify the remains of his fallen com-rades, he did so for almost 3 more years, making sure those who died in the Philippines received proper mili-tary funerals. He wrote his first book, ‘‘Ghost of Bataan Speaks,’’ in 1971 and wrote his second book, ‘‘Oh, God. Where Are You?’’ in 1997. His intent was to help the public better understand what took place with regard to our brave men being POWs at the hands of the Japa-nese. Abie Abraham had received numer-ous medals for his service, including the Purple Heart. He was a life member of the VFW, the American Legion, the Purple Heart Combat/Infantry organi-zation, the Ex-Prisoners of War organi-zation, the Disabled American Vet-erans, and the American Defenders of Bataan. He had been a volunteer at the VA Butler Healthcare Center since 1988 and had volunteered over 38,000 hours. One of his favorite pastimes was help-ing other veterans. For all that Mr. Abraham did during and after the war, I rise in support of this legislation to name this VA facil-ity after him—a true American. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Butler, Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 5317. This is the des-ignation of the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the Abie Abraham VA Clinic, as amended, and I urge its adoption. I never called him ‘‘Abie.’’ I always called him ‘‘Sergeant’’ or ‘‘Mr. Abra-ham.’’ I knew him, and he was not a very big man. If you were to see him, his stature, he was, probably, 5 feet, 5 inches or 5 feet, 6 inches. When I met him, it was a little bit later in life, and he never, ever bragged about his serv-ice. He never talked about it. I just knew him as a guy who lived in my hometown, as a guy who was a veteran, as a guy who was a prisoner of war; but then things started to unfold about what Mr. Abraham had endured. Now, I want you to think about this. Once the Japanese attacked the Phil-ippines and were able to take the pe-ninsula at Bataan, Mr. Abraham sur-vived the Bataan Death March. That was 6 days and 7 nights of endless marching without food, without water, without any type of medical care. He had been 31⁄2years interned in a Japa-nese prison camp. You heard what the doctor said and what Ms. B
ROWN said. This guy went through incredible pain and suffering to get there, but for as long as I knew him, he never bragged about it. He never said, ‘‘This is what I did.’’ I never knew until he wrote the book about the ghost of Bataan. I sat down with him one night, and I said: Mr. Abraham, you never told me about this. He said: Well, you didn’t need to know about this. It is just something we all did. Every American came forward and did what he could do during World War II and continued to do it. There are 1.4 million Americans in uniform who have given their lives so that this county could survive, so that our coun-try could survive. If you knew Abie Abraham the way I knew Abie Abraham and the way the people in my town knew Abie Abra-ham, he was totally selfless. His whole mission in life was to serve veterans. In 1988, he visited somebody in the VA hospital, and he decided, after that, to stay. He stayed and he stayed and he stayed—almost 37,000 hours of volun-teer service. When you look at his gravestone— and I was there when he was interred in Arlington—it reads: ‘‘Born July 31, 1913. Died March 22, 2011.’’ Yet they don’t talk about the days in between. They don’t talk about the minutes in between or about the hours in between or about the years in between—those 98 years he spent in service and, espe-cially, the last years of his life. If you were to have gone to the VA center in Butler, you would have seen he was there every morning at a quar-ter to 7. He was there to help people— to greet veterans, to let them know that they were appreciated. He used to tell people all the time, especially young people: When you meet a vet-eran, grab his or her hand and thank him for his service to America. This is the type of America that I grew up in. I don’t think it was unlike any other towns in America, and I don’t think Mr. Abraham was different than any other citizen of America. They were just those types of people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.060 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4010 June 21, 2016 
So now, for that veteran center to be named after Sergeant Abraham, I can’t tell you the sense of pride it brings not only to the Abraham family and to my community in Butler, Pennsylvania, but to all of us, and to know that there are people out there who were willing to do these things, who were willing to sacrifice themselves. After being res-cued—12,000 Americans were captured; he was 1 of 513 who survived. There were 12,000 who were captured, and 513 survived. The loss of life, the loss of fu-ture, the loss of enjoying a family—ev-erything that life has to offer was taken from those people. General MacArthur asked him: Abie, would you please stay and find those remains and dig them up so that you can bring some peace and comfort to those who died? Mrs. Abraham said Mr. Abraham would pray every night that the Lord would give him the strength to go out the next day because it was so horrible. He was digging up the re-mains, not of some people he didn’t know, but of people who had actually been captured, of people he had marched with, of people he had tried to help get through this horrible time who had passed. His whole purpose in life was to bring peace to families, to bring peace to veterans, and to let them know how much he cared for them. As a grateful country, we now have the opportunity to name a healthcare center after Sergeant Abie Abraham. He is truly somebody who befits the often said statement that there is only one office higher in our country than President, and that is that of patriot— not Republican, not Democrat, not Lib-ertarian—patriot, American patriot. He was a man who loved peace and de-plored the horrors of war but who never, ever tired in his service to his fellow servicemen, and he never, ever gave up. I can tell you, to his last day, Mr. Abraham thought about one thing every day, and that was about our men and women in uniform who gave their lives that this country—our country— could survive. Do you know what? I know Mr. Abra-ham is looking down right now, and he is so happy that this facility is being named after him so that, for all time, he will be remembered. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5317. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As a fellow veteran, I can’t think of anything that I would rather be doing this afternoon than naming this VA center for this incredible American hero. Once again, I encourage all of the Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5317, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
VETERAN ENGAGEMENT TEAMS ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3936) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary carries out Veteran Engagement Team events where veterans can complete claims for disability compensation and pension under the laws administered by the Secretary, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3936 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veteran En-gagement Teams Act’’ or ‘‘VET Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PILOT PROGRAM ON DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERAN EN-GAGEMENT TEAM EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2016, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a three-year pilot program under which the Secretary shall carry out events, to be known as ‘‘Vet-eran Engagement Team events’’. The Sec-retary shall ensure that such events are car-ried out— (A) during the first year during which the Secretary carries out the pilot program, at least once a month in a location within the jurisdiction of each of 10 regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs, includ-ing at least two regional offices in each of the five districts of the Veterans Benefits Administration under the organization of such Administration in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) during each of the second and third years during which the Secretary carries out the pilot program, at least once a month in a location within the jurisdiction of each of 15 regional offices of the Department, includ-ing at least three regional offices in each such district. (2) V
ETERAN ENGAGEMENT TEAM EVENTS .— During each Veteran Engagement Team event, the Secretary shall provide assistance to veterans in completing and adjudicating claims for disability compensation under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, and for pension under chapter 15 of such title. The Secretary shall ensure that— (A) all Veteran Engagement Team events occur during the normal business hours of the sponsoring regional office; (B) the events are carried out at different locations within the jurisdiction of each re-gional office and at least 50 miles from any regional office; (C) a sufficient number of physicians (to be available for opinions only), veteran service representatives and rating veteran service representatives, and other personnel are available at the events to initiate, update, and finalize the completion and adjudication of claims; (D) veterans service organizations have ac-cess to the events for purposes of providing assistance to veterans; and (E) a veteran who is unable to complete and adjudicate a claim at an event is in-formed of what additional information or ac-tions are needed to finalize the claim. (b) LOCATION .—In selecting locations for Veteran Engagement Team events under this section, the Secretary shall— (1) coordinate with veteran service organi-zations and State and local veterans agen-cies; and (2) seek to select locations that are com-munity-based and easily accessible. (c) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL .— (1) P
HYSICIANS .—The Secretary may not permanently transfer any physician em-ployed by the Veterans Health Administra-tion for the purpose of staffing a Veteran En-gagement Team event. (2) P
AYMENT OF SALARIES .—Any amount payable to an employee of the Department for work performed at a Veteran Engage-ment Team event is payable only from amounts otherwise available for the pay-ment of the salary of the employee. No addi-tional amounts are authorized to be appro-priated under this section for the payment of salaries for Department employee. (d) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Secretary may— (1) coordinate with States, local govern-ments, nonprofit organizations, and private sector entities to use facilities to host Vet-eran Engagement Team events for no or minimal costs; and (2) accept, on a without compensation basis, services provided by non-Department physicians in rendering medical opinions re-lating to claims for compensation and pen-sion. (e) C
USTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEYS .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall collect and ana-lyze information about the customer satis-faction of veterans who have received assist-ance at an Veteran Engagement Team event. (f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than April 30, 2017, and annually thereafter beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2017, for the duration of the program, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the implementation and effective-ness of the events. Such report shall in-clude— (1) the number and types of claims com-pleted and adjudicated at the events; (2) the number and types of claims for which assistance was sought at the events that were not completed or adjudicated at the events and the reasons such claims were not completed or adjudicated; and (3) an analysis of the customer satisfaction of veterans who have received assistance at an event based on the information collected under subsection (e). 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION TO LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 705. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BO-NUSES PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
‘‘The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bonuses authorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the fol-lowing amounts: ‘‘(1) With respect to fiscal year 2017, $250,000,000. ‘‘(2) With respect to each of fiscal years 2018 through 2024, $360,000,000.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.061 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4011 June 21, 2016 
Tennessee (Mr. R OE) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 3936, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise and urge all Members to sup-port H.R. 3936, as amended. H.R. 3936 would authorize a 3-year pilot program for Veteran Engagement Teams. Veteran Engagement Teams allow the Department of Veterans Affairs’ employees to meet one on one with vet-erans to help facilitate the claims process. Veteran Engagement Teams bring veterans and VA claims proc-essors and physicians to help facilitate the claims process. The VA is currently testing a similar program that has proven to be both popular and success-ful. Allowing veterans to talk with VA employees face-to-face helps to reduce confusion and frustration with the VA’s complicated claims process. H.R. 3936, as amended, would require the VA to continue to provide this per-sonal service to many veterans, which would reduce their frustration and con-fusion with the VA’s complicated claims process. I thank Mr. C
OSTELLO , a member of the Subcommittee on Disability Assist-ance and Memorial Affairs, for intro-ducing this bill and for being an advo-cate for our veterans and their fami-lies. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3936, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of Mr. C
OSTELLO ’s bill, H.R. 3936, that would establish a 3- year pilot program to assist veterans in receiving timely decisions on their claims. Under this administration, the VA has nearly eliminated the claims back-log. At the height of the backlog in 2013, there were more than 600,000 claims. Today, that number has been reduced to fewer than 75,000. The VA has made incredible strides on claims, and I applaud its hardworking staff who has made this happen. However, we also owe it to our veterans to look at and test new methods to improve services and continue refining the VA claims process. This legislation is a step in that direction. However, I must note that the VA’s success in the timely processing of claims has come at the cost of a new backlog—appeals. There is an appeals inventory of 450,000. The average wait for a veteran to have his appeal re-solved is almost 5 years. b1730 We need to address this in our closing legislative days. If we do not act now, the VA predicts veterans will have to wait 10 years for a decision on their ap-peal. Now, I know we all agree that that simply is unacceptable. I look for-ward to working in a bipartisan fashion to fix this issue immediately. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), my friend and fellow member of the Vet-erans Affairs Committee. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support my legislation, H.R. 3936, the VET Act, also known as the Veteran Engagement Teams Act. I would first like to thank Congress-man M
IKE FITZPATRICK from Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and our staff-ers—Congressman F
ITZPATRICK ’s staff-er Justin Rusk, and my senior legisla-tive aide, Katharine Bruce—for all their hard work on the VET Act. I am proud to have introduced this legisla-tion with them, and we would not be here today were it not for their impor-tant collaboration in this effort. Mr. Speaker, the VET Act is a solu-tion for the veteran who needs assist-ance navigating the Department of Veterans Affairs claims process. Many veterans struggle to navigate the VA’s bureaucracy to submit their disability compensation or pension claims and to receive the benefits that they have earned. The VET Act aims to solve this prob-lem and, in the process, reduce wait times, possible miscommunications, and lost paperwork by taking VA em-ployees out of the office and placing them in the community where they can provide area veterans with one-on-one assistance at Veteran Engagement Team events. The events would be car-ried out at least 50 miles from any re-gional office, and the Secretary would ensure that a sufficient number of phy-sicians, veterans service representa-tives, and other personnel are present to initiate, update and finalize the completion and adjudication of claims. Pro bono services can also be provided at these events to help offer assistance to veterans from veteran service orga-nizations. And the VA is instructed to coordinate with States, local govern-ments, nonprofit organizations, and private-sector entities to secure com-munity facilities at little or no cost, creating a so-called one-stop shop for veterans. And this is the gist of the bill, Mr. Speaker: if a veteran is unable to com-plete their claim at a VET event, the legislation directs VA employees to provide clear next steps for the vet-eran. Many veterans express frustra-tion about the lack of clarity from the VA, and subsequently we find our-selves, as the ranking member men-tioned, with a claims backlog often due to remands. And veterans get bounced back and forth, perhaps not even know-ing that they did not submit informa-tion that they have in their records but have not yet been told by the VA. This aims to eliminate that. That is why under this legislation VA staff would be required to file reports that explain why claims were not com-pleted, the number and types of claims that were completed, and customer sat-isfaction. Each of these steps is part of the solution to perfecting a claim, ex-pediting its review, and avoiding un-necessary remands which clog up the claims docket. The goal is a more effi-cient system, Mr. Speaker. Trans-parency, timeliness, and account-ability are the guiding principles of this bill. The VET Act’s method is already as-sisting veterans. American Legion Vet-erans Benefits Centers and regional VA claims clinics have tested VET events and found success, proving this legisla-tion can restore trust between veterans and the VA. It is also important to note the American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Paralyzed Veterans of America have all voiced their support for this bill. With over 45,000 veterans in my dis-trict, nearly 1 million in Pennsylvania and almost 22 million veterans in the United States, this legislation is a for-ward-looking solution that has the po-tential to assist many veterans across our country. Our veterans have earned their benefits, and this bill aims to make it easier for vets to file their claim and receive their benefits. Finally, I would like to thank Chair-man M
ILLER , the ranking member, and the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee staff for their support and assistance and for ensuring this bill moved through the House this session. Our veterans have waited long enough and House passage today puts us one step closer to this bill becoming law. I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 3936, the VET Act. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3936. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank Chairman M
IL-
LER, Ranking Member B ROWN , and the members of the committee for all these bills we have passed this afternoon. I encourage all Members to support H.R. 3936, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3936, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.064 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4012 June 21, 2016 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS ACT Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5170) to encourage and support partnerships between the pub-lic and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5170 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Im-pact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS ACT. 
Section 403 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 603) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
OCIAL IMPACT DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-section are the following: ‘‘(A) To improve the lives of families and individuals in need in the United States by funding social programs that achieve real re-sults. ‘‘(B) To redirect funds away from programs that, based on objective data, are ineffective, and into programs that achieve demon-strable, measurable results. ‘‘(C) To ensure Federal funds are used ef-fectively on social services to produce posi-tive outcomes for both service recipients and taxpayers. ‘‘(D) To establish the use of social impact partnerships to address some of our Nation’s most pressing problems. ‘‘(E) To facilitate the creation of public- private partnerships that bundle philan-thropic or other private resources with exist-ing public spending to scale up effective so-cial interventions already being imple-mented by private organizations, nonprofits, charitable organizations, and State and local governments across the country. ‘‘(F) To bring pay-for-performance to the social sector, allowing the United States to improve the impact and effectiveness of vital social services programs while redirecting inefficient or duplicative spending. ‘‘(G) To incorporate outcomes measure-ment and randomized controlled trials or other rigorous methodologies for assessing program impact. ‘‘(2) S
OCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP APPLICA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, shall publish in the Federal Register a request for proposals from States or local government for social impact partnership projects in accordance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED OUTCOMES FOR SOCIAL IM -
PACT PARTNERSHIP PROJECT .—To qualify as a social impact partnership project under this subsection, a project must produce 1 or more measurable, clearly defined outcomes that result in social benefit and Federal savings through any of the following: ‘‘(i) Increasing work and earnings by indi-viduals who have been unemployed in the United States for more than 6 consecutive months. ‘‘(ii) Increasing employment and earnings of individuals who have attained 16 years of age but not 25 years of age. ‘‘(iii) Increasing employment among indi-viduals receiving Federal disability benefits. ‘‘(iv) Reducing the dependence of low-in-come families on Federal means-tested bene-fits. ‘‘(v) Improving rates of high school gradua-tion. ‘‘(vi) Reducing teen and unplanned preg-nancies. ‘‘(vii) Improving birth outcomes and early childhood health and development among low-income families and individuals. ‘‘(viii) Reducing rates of asthma, diabetes, or other preventable diseases among low-in-come families and individuals to reduce the utilization of emergency and other high-cost care. ‘‘(ix) Increasing the proportion of children living in 2-parent families. ‘‘(x) Reducing incidences and adverse con-sequences of child abuse and neglect. ‘‘(xi) Reducing the number of youth in fos-ter care by increasing adoptions, permanent guardianship arrangements, reunification, or placement with a fit and willing relative, or by avoiding placing children in foster care by ensuring they can be cared for safely in their own homes. ‘‘(xii) Reducing the number of children and youth in foster care residing in group homes, child care institutions, agency-operated fos-ter homes, or other non-family foster homes, unless it is determined that it is in the inter-est of the child’s long-term health, safety, or psychological well-being to not be placed in a family foster home. ‘‘(xiii) Reducing the number of children re-turning to foster care. ‘‘(xiv) Reducing recidivism among juve-niles, individuals released from prison, or other high-risk populations. ‘‘(xv) Reducing the rate of homelessness among our most vulnerable populations. ‘‘(xvi) Improving the health and well-being of those with mental, emotional, and behav-ioral health needs. ‘‘(xvii) Improving the educational out-comes of special-needs or low-income chil-dren. ‘‘(xviii) Improving the employment and well-being of returning United States mili-tary members. ‘‘(xix) Increasing the financial stability of low-income families. ‘‘(xx) Increasing the independence and em-ployability of individuals who are physically or mentally disabled. ‘‘(xxi) Other measurable outcomes defined by the State or local government that result in positive social outcomes and Federal sav-ings. ‘‘(C) APPLICATION REQUIRED .—The notice described in subparagraph (A) shall require a State or local government to submit an ap-plication for the social impact partnership project that addresses the following: ‘‘(i) The outcome goals of the project. ‘‘(ii) A description of each intervention in the project and anticipated outcomes of the intervention. ‘‘(iii) Rigorous evidence demonstrating that the intervention can be expected to produce the desired outcomes. ‘‘(iv) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(v) The expected social benefits to par-ticipants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(vi) Projected Federal, State, and local government costs and other costs to conduct the project. ‘‘(vii) Projected Federal, State, and local government savings and other savings, in-cluding an estimate of the savings to the Federal Government, on a program-by-pro-gram basis and in the aggregate, if the project is implemented and the outcomes are achieved. ‘‘(viii) If savings resulting from the suc-cessful completion of the project are esti-mated to accrue to the State or local govern-ment, the likelihood of the State or local government to realize those savings. ‘‘(ix) A plan for delivering the intervention through a social impact partnership model. ‘‘(x) A description of the expertise of each service provider that will administer the intervention, including a summary of the ex-perience of the service provider in delivering the proposed intervention or a similar inter-vention, or demonstrating that the service provider has the expertise necessary to de-liver the proposed intervention. ‘‘(xi) An explanation of the experience of the State or local government, the inter-mediary, or the service provider in raising private and philanthropic capital to fund so-cial service investments. ‘‘(xii) The detailed roles and responsibil-ities of each entity involved in the project, including any State or local government en-tity, intermediary, service provider, inde-pendent evaluator, investor, or other stake-holder. ‘‘(xiii) A summary of the experience of the service provider delivering the proposed intervention or a similar intervention, or a summary demonstrating the service provider has the expertise necessary to deliver the proposed intervention. ‘‘(xiv) A summary of the unmet need in the area where the intervention will be delivered or among the target population who will re-ceive the intervention. ‘‘(xv) The proposed payment terms, the methodology used to calculate outcome pay-ments, the payment schedule, and perform-ance thresholds. ‘‘(xvi) The project budget. ‘‘(xvii) The project timeline. ‘‘(xviii) The criteria used to determine the eligibility of an individual for the project, including how selected populations will be identified, how they will be referred to the project, and how they will be enrolled in the project. ‘‘(xix) The evaluation design. ‘‘(xx) The metrics that will be used to de-termine whether the outcomes have been achieved and how the metrics will be meas-ured. ‘‘(xxi) An explanation of how the metrics used to determine whether the outcomes have been achieved are independent, objec-tive indicators of impact and are not subject to manipulation by the service provider, intermediary, or investor. ‘‘(xxii) A summary explaining the inde-pendence of the evaluator from the other en-tities involved in the project and the eval-uator’s experience in conducting rigorous evaluations of program effectiveness includ-ing, where available, well-implemented ran-domized controlled trials on the intervention or similar interventions. ‘‘(xxiii) The capacity of the service pro-vider to deliver the intervention to the num-ber of participants the State or local govern-ment proposes to serve in the project. ‘‘(D) P
ROJECT INTERMEDIARY INFORMATION  
REQUIRED .—The application described in sub-paragraph (C) shall also contain the fol-lowing information about any intermediary for the social impact partnership project (whether an intermediary is a service pro-vider or other entity): ‘‘(i) Experience and capacity for providing or facilitating the provision of the type of intervention proposed. ‘‘(ii) The mission and goals. ‘‘(iii) Information on whether the inter-mediary is already working with service pro-viders that provide this intervention or an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.066 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4013 June 21, 2016 
explanation of the capacity of the inter-mediary to begin working with service pro-viders to provide the intervention. ‘‘(iv) Experience working in a collaborative environment across government and non-governmental entities. ‘‘(v) Previous experience collaborating with public or private entities to implement evidence-based programs. ‘‘(vi) Ability to raise or provide funding to cover operating costs (if applicable to the project). ‘‘(vii) Capacity and infrastructure to track outcomes and measure results, including— ‘‘(I) capacity to track and analyze program performance and assess program impact; and ‘‘(II) experience with performance-based awards or performance-based contracting and achieving project milestones and tar-gets. ‘‘(viii) Role in delivering the intervention. ‘‘(ix) How the intermediary would monitor program success, including a description of the interim benchmarks and outcome meas-ures. ‘‘(E) F
EASIBILITY STUDIES FUNDED THROUGH  
OTHER SOURCES .—The notice described in sub-paragraph (A) shall permit a State or local government to submit an application for so-cial impact partnership funding that con-tains information from a feasibility study developed for purposes other than applying for funding under this subsection. ‘‘(3) A
WARDING SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP  
AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) T
IMELINE IN AWARDING AGREEMENT .— Not later than 6 months after receiving an application in accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary, in consultation with the Fed-eral Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, shall determine whether to enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project with a State or local government. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN AWARDING AGREE -
MENT .—In determining whether to enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project (the application for which was sub-mitted under paragraph (2)) the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships (es-tablished by paragraph (6)) and the head of any Federal agency administering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, shall consider each of the following: ‘‘(i) The recommendations made by the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(ii) The value to the Federal Government of the outcomes expected to be achieved if the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved. ‘‘(iii) The likelihood, based on evidence provided in the application and other evi-dence, that the State or local government in collaboration with the intermediary and the service providers will achieve the outcomes. ‘‘(iv) The savings to the Federal Govern-ment if the outcomes specified in the agree-ment are achieved. ‘‘(v) The savings to the State and local governments if the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved. ‘‘(vi) The expected quality of the evalua-tion that would be conducted with respect to the agreement. ‘‘(C) A
GREEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) A
GREEMENT REQUIREMENTS .—In accord-ance with this paragraph, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and the head of any Federal agency admin-istering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, may enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project with a State or local government if the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, de-termines that each of the following require-ments are met: ‘‘(I) The State or local government agrees to achieve 1 or more outcomes specified in the agreement in order to receive payment. ‘‘(II) The Federal payment to the State or local government for each outcome specified is less than or equal to the value of the out-come to the Federal Government over a pe-riod not to exceed 10 years, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the State or local government. ‘‘(III) The duration of the project does not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(IV) The State or local government has demonstrated, through the application sub-mitted under paragraph (2), that, based on prior rigorous experimental evaluations or rigorous quasi-experimental studies, the intervention can be expected to achieve each outcome specified in the agreement. ‘‘(V) The State, local government, inter-mediary, or service provider has experience raising private or philanthropic capital to fund social service investments (if applicable to the project). ‘‘(VI) The State or local government has shown that each service provider has experi-ence delivering the intervention, a similar intervention, or has otherwise demonstrated the expertise necessary to deliver the inter-vention. ‘‘(ii) PAYMENT .—The Secretary shall pay the State or local government only if the independent evaluator described in para-graph (5) determines that the social impact partnership project has met the require-ments specified in the agreement and achieved an outcome specified in the agree-ment. ‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENT AWARD .—Not later than 30 days after entering into an agreement under this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register that includes, with regard to the agreement, the following: ‘‘(i) The outcome goals of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘(ii) A description of each intervention in the project. ‘‘(iii) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(iv) The expected social benefits to par-ticipants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(v) The detailed roles, responsibilities, and purposes of each Federal, State, or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(vi) The payment terms, the methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresh-olds. ‘‘(vii) The project budget. ‘‘(viii) The project timeline. ‘‘(ix) The project eligibility criteria. ‘‘(x) The evaluation design. ‘‘(xi) The metrics that will be used to de-termine whether the outcomes have been achieved and how these metrics will be measured. ‘‘(xii) The estimate of the savings to the Federal, State, and local government, on a program-by-program basis and in the aggre-gate, if the agreement is entered into and implemented and the outcomes are achieved. ‘‘(E) A
UTHORITY TO TRANSFER ADMINISTRA -
TION OF AGREEMENT .—The Secretary may transfer to the head of another Federal agen-cy the authority to administer (including making payments under) an agreement en-tered into under subparagraph (C), and any funds necessary to do so. ‘‘(F) R
EQUIREMENT ON FUNDING USED TO  
BENEFIT CHILDREN .—Not less than 50 percent of all Federal payments made to carry out agreements under this paragraph shall be used for initiatives that directly benefit chil-dren. ‘‘(4) FEASIBILITY STUDY FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUESTS FOR FUNDING FOR FEASI -
BILITY STUDIES .—The Secretary shall reserve a portion of the amount reserved to carry out this subsection to assist States or local governments in developing feasibility stud-ies to apply for social impact partnership funding under paragraph (2). To be eligible to receive funding to assist with completing a feasibility study, a State or local govern-ment shall submit an application for feasi-bility study funding addressing the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A description of the outcome goals of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘(ii) A description of the intervention, in-cluding anticipated program design, target population, an estimate regarding the num-ber of individuals to be served, and setting for the intervention. ‘‘(iii) Evidence to support the likelihood that the intervention will produce the de-sired outcomes. ‘‘(iv) A description of the potential metrics to be used. ‘‘(v) The expected social benefits to par-ticipants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(vi) Estimated costs to conduct the project. ‘‘(vii) Estimates of Federal, State, and local government savings and other savings if the project is implemented and the out-comes are achieved. ‘‘(viii) An estimated timeline for imple-mentation and completion of the project, which shall not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(ix) With respect to a project for which the State or local government selects an intermediary to operate the project, any partnerships needed to successfully execute the project and the ability of the inter-mediary to foster the partnerships. ‘‘(x) The expected resources needed to com-plete the feasibility study for the State or local government to apply for social impact partnership funding under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL SELECTION OF APPLICATIONS  
FOR FEASIBILITY STUDY .—Not later than 6 months after receiving an application for feasibility study funding under subparagraph (A), the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships and the head of any Fed-eral agency administering a similar inter-vention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, shall select State or local government feasibility study pro-posals for funding based on the following: ‘‘(i) The recommendations made by the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(ii) The likelihood that the proposal will achieve the desired outcomes. ‘‘(iii) The value of the outcomes expected to be achieved. ‘‘(iv) The potential savings to the Federal Government if the social impact partnership project is successful. ‘‘(v) The potential savings to the State and local governments if the project is success-ful. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—Not later than 30 days after selecting a State or local govern-ment for feasibility study funding under this paragraph, the Secretary shall cause to be published on the website of the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Part-nerships information explaining why a State or local government was granted feasibility study funding. ‘‘(D) F
UNDING RESTRICTION .— ‘‘(i) F
EASIBILITY STUDY RESTRICTION .—The Secretary may not provide feasibility study funding under this paragraph for more than 50 percent of the estimated total cost of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.034 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4014 June 21, 2016 
feasibility study reported in the State or local government application submitted under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) A
GGREGATE RESTRICTION .—Of the total amount reserved to carry out this sub-section, the Secretary may not use more than $10,000,000 to provide feasibility study funding to States or local governments under this paragraph. ‘‘(iii) N
O GUARANTEE OF FUNDING .—The Sec- retary shall have the option to award no funding under this paragraph. ‘‘(E) S
UBMISSION OF FEASIBILITY STUDY RE -
QUIRED .—Not later than 9 months after the receipt of feasibility study funding under this paragraph, a State or local government receiving the funding shall complete the fea-sibility study and submit the study to the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships. ‘‘(F) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authorities provided in this paragraph and any funds necessary to exercise the authorities. ‘‘(5) E
VALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREE -
MENTS .—For each State or local government awarded a social impact partnership project approved by the Secretary under this sub-section, the head of the relevant agency, as determined by the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, shall enter into an agreement with the State or local government to pay for all or part of the independent evaluation to determine wheth-er the State or local government project has met an outcome specified in the agreement in order for the State or local government to receive outcome payments under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) E
VALUATOR QUALIFICATIONS .—The head of the relevant agency may not enter into an agreement with a State or local gov-ernment unless the head determines that the evaluator is independent of the other parties to the agreement and has demonstrated sub-stantial experience in conducting rigorous evaluations of program effectiveness includ-ing, where available and appropriate, well- implemented randomized controlled trials on the intervention or similar interventions. ‘‘(C) M
ETHODOLOGIES TO BE USED .—The evaluation used to determine whether a State or local government will receive out-come payments under this subsection shall use experimental designs using random as-signment or other reliable, evidence-based research methodologies, as certified by the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships, that allow for the strong-est possible causal inferences when random assignment is not feasible. ‘‘(D) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— ‘‘(i) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—The inde-pendent evaluator shall— ‘‘(I) not later than 2 years after a project has been approved by the Secretary and bi-annually thereafter until the project is con-cluded, submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written re-port summarizing the progress that has been made in achieving each outcome specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(II) before the scheduled time of the first outcome payment and before the scheduled time of each subsequent payment, submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Fed-eral Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written report that includes the results of the evaluation conducted to determine whether an outcome payment should be made along with information on the unique factors that contributed to achieving or failing to achieve the outcome, the challenges faced in attempting to achieve the outcome, and information on the improved future delivery of this or similar interventions. ‘‘(ii) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after receipt of the written re-port pursuant to clause (i)(II), the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Part-nerships shall submit the report to each committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(E) F
INAL REPORT .— ‘‘(i) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Within 6 months after the social impact partnership project is completed, the independent eval-uator shall— ‘‘(I) evaluate the effects of the activities undertaken pursuant to the agreement with regard to each outcome specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(II) submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written re-port that includes the results of the evalua-tion and the conclusion of the evaluator as to whether the State or local government has fulfilled each obligation of the agree-ment, along with information on the unique factors that contributed to the success or failure of the project, the challenges faced in attempting to achieve the outcome, and in-formation on the improved future delivery of this or similar interventions. ‘‘(ii) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after receipt of the written re-port pursuant to clause (i)(II), the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Part-nerships shall submit the report to each committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(F) L
IMITATION ON COST OF EVALUATIONS .— Of the amount reserved under this sub-section for social impact partnership projects, the Secretary may not obligate more than 15 percent to evaluate the imple-mentation and outcomes of the projects. ‘‘(G) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authorities provided in this paragraph and any funds necessary to exercise the authorities. ‘‘(6) F
EDERAL INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON SO -
CIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships (in this paragraph re-ferred to as the ‘Council’) to— ‘‘(i) coordinate the efforts of social impact partnership projects funded under this sub-section; ‘‘(ii) advise and assist the Secretary in the development and implementation of the projects; ‘‘(iii) advise the Secretary on specific pro-grammatic and policy matter related to the projects; ‘‘(iv) provide subject-matter expertise to the Secretary with regard to the projects; ‘‘(v) ensure that each State or local gov-ernment that has entered into an agreement with the Secretary for a social impact part-nership project under this subsection and each evaluator selected by the head of the relevant agency under paragraph (5) has ac-cess to Federal administrative data to assist the State or local government and the eval-uator in evaluating the performance and out-comes of the project; ‘‘(vi) address issues that will influence the future of social impact partnership projects in the United States; ‘‘(vii) provide guidance to the executive branch on the future of social impact part-nership projects in the United States; ‘‘(viii) review State and local government applications for social impact partnerships to ensure that agreements will only be awarded under this subsection when rig-orous, independent data and reliable, evi-dence-based research methodologies support the conclusion that an agreement will yield savings to the Federal Government if the project outcomes are achieved before the ap-plications are approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(ix) certify, in the case of each approved social impact partnership, that the project will yield a projected savings to the Federal Government if the project outcomes are achieved, and coordinate with the relevant Federal agency to produce an after-action accounting once the project is complete to determine the actual Federal savings real-ized, and the extent to which actual savings aligned with projected savings; and ‘‘(x) provide oversight of the actions of the Secretary and other Federal officials under this subsection and report periodically to Congress and the public on the implementa-tion of this subsection. ‘‘(B) COMPOSITION OF COUNCIL .—The Council shall have 11 members, as follows: ‘‘(i) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Council shall be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(ii) O
THER MEMBERS .—The head of each of the following entities shall designate 1 offi-cer or employee of the entity to be a Council member: ‘‘(I) The Department of Labor. ‘‘(II) The Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(III) The Social Security Administration. ‘‘(IV) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(V) The Department of Justice. ‘‘(VI) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. ‘‘(VII) The Department of Education. ‘‘(VIII) The Department of Veterans Af-fairs. ‘‘(IX) The Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(X) The Corporation for National and Community Service. ‘‘(7) C
OMMISSION ON SOCIAL IMPACT PART -
NERSHIPS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Commission on Social Impact Partner-ships (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘Commission’). ‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Commis-sion shall be to— ‘‘(i) assist the Secretary and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Part-nerships in reviewing applications for fund-ing under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) make recommendations to the Sec-retary and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships regarding the funding of social impact partnership agree-ments and feasibility studies; and ‘‘(iii) provide other assistance and informa-tion as requested by the Secretary or the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships. ‘‘(C) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 9 members, of whom— ‘‘(i) 1 shall be appointed by the President, who will serve as the Chair of the Commis-sion; ‘‘(ii) 1 shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) 1 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; ‘‘(iv) 1 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(v) 1 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(vi) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate; ‘‘(vii) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking member of the Committee on Finance of the Senate; ‘‘(viii) 1 member shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(ix) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.034 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4015 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(D) Q UALIFICATIONS OF COMMISSION MEM -
BERS .—The members of the Commission shall— ‘‘(i) be experienced in finance, economics, pay for performance, or program evaluation; ‘‘(ii) have relevant professional or personal experience in a field related to 1 or more of the outcomes listed in this subsection; or ‘‘(iii) be qualified to review applications for social impact partnership projects to de-termine whether the proposed metrics and evaluation methodologies are appropriately rigorous and reliant upon independent data and evidence-based research. ‘‘(E) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—The ap- pointments of the members of the Commis-sion shall be made not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, or, in the event of a vacancy, not later than 90 days after the date the vacancy arises. If a member of Congress fails to ap-point a member by that date, the President may select a member of the President’s choice on behalf of the member of Congress. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if not all appointments have been made to the Commission as of that date, the Commission may operate with no fewer than 5 members until all appointments have been made. ‘‘(F) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The members appointed under subparagraph (C) shall serve as fol-lows: ‘‘(I) 3 members shall serve for 2 years. ‘‘(II) 3 members shall serve for 3 years. ‘‘(III) 3 members (1 of which shall be Chair of the Commission appointed by the Presi-dent) shall serve for 4 years. ‘‘(ii) A
SSIGNMENT OF TERMS .—The Commis-sion shall designate the term length that each member appointed under subparagraph (C) shall serve by unanimous agreement. In the event that unanimous agreement cannot be reached, term lengths shall be assigned to the members by a random process. ‘‘(G) V
ACANCIES .—Subject to subparagraph (E), in the event of a vacancy in the Commis-sion, whether due to the resignation of a member, the expiration of a member’s term, or any other reason, the vacancy shall be filled in the manner in which the original ap-pointment was made and shall not affect the powers of the Commission. ‘‘(H) A
PPOINTMENT POWER .—Members of the Commission appointed under subparagraph (C) shall not be subject to confirmation by the Senate. ‘‘(8) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts reserved to carry out this sub-section, the Secretary may not use more than $2,000,000 in any fiscal year to support the review, approval, and oversight of social impact partnership projects, including ac-tivities conducted by— ‘‘(A) the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships; and ‘‘(B) any other agency consulted by the Secretary before approving a social impact partnership project or a feasibility study under paragraph (4). ‘‘(9) N
O FEDERAL FUNDING FOR CREDIT EN -
HANCEMENTS .—No amount reserved to carry out this subsection may be used to provide any insurance, guarantee, or other credit en-hancement to a State or local government under which a Federal payment would be made to a State or local government as the result of a State or local government failing to achieve an outcome specified in a con-tract. ‘‘(10) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts re-served to carry out this subsection shall re-main available until 10 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(11) W
EBSITE .—The Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships shall establish and maintain a public website that shall display the following: ‘‘(A) A copy of, or method of accessing, each notice published regarding a social im-pact partnership project pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(B) A copy of each feasibility study fund-ed under this subsection. ‘‘(C) For each State or local government that has entered into an agreement with the Secretary for a social impact partnership project, the website shall contain the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(i) The outcome goals of the project. ‘‘(ii) A description of each intervention in the project. ‘‘(iii) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(iv) The expected social benefits to par-ticipants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(v) The detailed roles, responsibilities, and purposes of each Federal, State, or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(vi) The payment terms, methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresh-olds. ‘‘(vii) The project budget. ‘‘(viii) The project timeline. ‘‘(ix) The project eligibility criteria. ‘‘(x) The evaluation design. ‘‘(xi) The metrics used to determine wheth-er the proposed outcomes have been achieved and how these metrics are measured. ‘‘(D) A copy of the progress reports and the final reports relating to each social impact partnership project. ‘‘(E) An estimate of the savings to the Fed-eral, State, and local government, on a pro-gram-by-program basis and in the aggregate, resulting from the successful completion of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘(12) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, may issue regulations as necessary to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(13) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) I
NTERVENTION .—The term ‘interven-tion’ means a specific service delivered to achieve an impact through a social impact partnership project. ‘‘(C) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Treasury. ‘‘(D) S
OCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP  
PROJECT .—The term ‘social impact partner-ship project’ means a project that finances social services using a social impact partner-ship model. ‘‘(E) S
OCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP MODEL .— The term ‘social impact partnership model’ means a method of financing social services in which— ‘‘(i) Federal funds are awarded to a State or local government only if a State or local government achieves certain outcomes agreed on by the State or local government and the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the State or local government coordi-nates with service providers, investors (if ap-plicable to the project), and (if necessary) an intermediary to identify— ‘‘(I) an intervention expected to produce the outcome; ‘‘(II) a service provider to deliver the inter-vention to the target population; and ‘‘(III) investors to fund the delivery of the intervention. ‘‘(F) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each State of the United States, the District of Columbia, each commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. ‘‘(14) FUNDING .—Of the amounts made available to carry out subsection (b) for fis-cal year 2017, the Secretary shall reserve $100,000,000 to carry out this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 3. EXTENSION OF TANF PROGRAM. 
(a) F AMILY ASSISTANCE GRANTS .—Section 403(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 603(a)(1)) is amended in each of subpara-graphs (A) and (C), by striking ‘‘2012’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017’’. (b) H
EALTHY MARRIAGE PROMOTION AND RE-
SPONSIBLE FATHERHOOD GRANTS .—Section 403(a)(2)(D) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 603(a)(2)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (c) T
RIBAL GRANTS .—Section 412(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 612(a)) is amended in each of paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (d) C
HILD CARE ENTITLEMENT .—Section 418(a)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 618(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (e) G
RANTS TO THE TERRITORIES .—Section 1108(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 4. STRENGTHENING WELFARE RESEARCH AND EVALUATION AND DEVELOP-MENT OF A WHAT WORKS CLEARING-HOUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 413 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 613) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 413. EVALUATION OF TEMPORARY ASSIST-ANCE FOR NEEDY FAMILIES AND RE-LATED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E VALUATION OF THE IMPACTS OF  TANF.—The Secretary shall conduct re-search on the effect of State programs fund-ed under this part and any other State pro-gram funded with qualified State expendi-tures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)) on employment, self-sufficiency, child well- being, unmarried births, marriage, poverty, economic mobility, and other factors as de-termined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
VALUATION OF GRANTS TO IMPROVE  C
HILD WELL-BEING BY PROMOTING HEALTHY  M
ARRIAGE AND RESPONSIBLE FATHERHOOD .— The Secretary shall conduct research to de-termine the effects of the grants made under section 403(a)(2) on child well-being, mar-riage, family stability, economic mobility, poverty, and other factors as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with States receiving funds provided under this part, de-velop methods of disseminating information on any research, evaluation, or study con-ducted under this section, including facili-tating the sharing of information and best practices among States and localities. ‘‘(d) S
TATE -INITIATED EVALUATIONS .—A State shall be eligible to receive funding to evaluate the State program funded under this part or any other State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)) if— ‘‘(1) the State submits to the Secretary a description of the proposed evaluation; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that the de-sign and approach of the proposed evaluation is rigorous and is likely to yield information that is credible and will be useful to other States; and ‘‘(3) unless waived by the Secretary, the State contributes to the cost of the evalua-tion, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to at least 25 percent of the cost of the proposed evaluation. ‘‘(e) C
ENSUS BUREAU RESEARCH .— ‘‘(1) The Bureau of the Census shall imple-ment or enhance household surveys of pro-gram participation, in consultation with the Secretary and the Burueau of Labor Statis-tics and made available to interested parties, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.034 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4016 June 21, 2016 
to allow for the assessment of the outcomes of continued welfare reform on the economic and child well-being of low-income families with children, including those who received assistance or services from a State program funded under this part or any other State program funded with qualified State expend-itures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)). The content of the surveys should include such information as may be necessary to ex-amine the issues of unmarried childbearing, marriage, welfare dependency and compli-ance with work requirements, the beginning and ending of spells of assistance, work, earnings and employment stability, and the well-being of children. ‘‘(2) To carry out the activities specified in paragraph (1), the Bureau of the Census, the Secretary, and the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics shall consider ways to improve the sur-veys and data derived from the surveys to— ‘‘(A) address underreporting of the receipt of means-tested benefits and tax benefits for low-income individuals and families; ‘‘(B) increase understanding of poverty spells and long-term poverty, including by facilitating the matching of information to better understand intergenerational poverty; ‘‘(C) generate a better geographical under-standing of poverty such as through State- based estimates and measures of neighbor-hood poverty; ‘‘(D) increase understanding of the effects of means-tested benefits and tax benefits on the earnings of low-income families; and ‘‘(E) improve how poverty and economic well-being are measured, including through the use of consumption measures. ‘‘(f) R
ESEARCH AND EVALUATION CONDUCTED  U
NDER THISSECTION .—Research and evalua-tion conducted under this section designed to determine the effects of a program or pol-icy (other than research conducted under subsection (e)) shall use experimental de-signs using random assignment or other reli-able, evidence-based research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences when random assignment is not feasible. ‘‘(g) D
EVELOPMENT OF WHATWORKS CLEAR -
INGHOUSE OF PROVEN AND PROMISING AP-
PROACHES TO MOVEWELFARE RECIPIENTS INTO W
ORK.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall develop a database (which shall be referred to as the ‘What Works Clearinghouse of Proven and Promising Projects to Move Wel-fare Recipients into Work’) of the projects that used a proven approach or a promising approach in moving welfare recipients into work, based on independent, rigorous evalua-tions of the projects. The database shall in-clude a separate listing of projects that used a developmental approach in delivering serv-ices and a further separate listing of the projects with no or negative effects. The Sec-retary shall add to the What Works Clearing-house of Proven and Promising Projects to Move Welfare Recipients into Work data about the projects that, based on an inde-pendent, well-conducted experimental eval-uation of a program or project, using random assignment or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences, have shown they are proven, promising, developmental, or ineffective ap-proaches. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA FOR EVIDENCE OF EFFECTIVE -
NESS OF APPROACH .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Labor and organizations with experience in evaluating research on the effectiveness of various ap-proaches in delivering services to move wel-fare recipients into work, shall— ‘‘(A) establish criteria for evidence of effec-tiveness; and ‘‘(B) ensure that the process for estab-lishing the criteria— ‘‘(i) is transparent; ‘‘(ii) is consistent across agencies; ‘‘(iii) provides opportunity for public com-ment; and ‘‘(iv) takes into account efforts of Federal agencies to identify and publicize effective interventions, including efforts at the De-partment of Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, and the Depart-ment of Justice. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
PPROACH .—The term ‘approach’ means a process, product, strategy, or prac-tice that is— ‘‘(i) research-based, based on the results of 1 or more empirical studies, and linked to program-determined outcomes; and ‘‘(ii) evaluated using rigorous research de-signs. ‘‘(B) P
ROVEN APPROACH .—The term ‘proven approach’ means an approach that— ‘‘(i) meets the requirements of a promising approach; and ‘‘(ii) has demonstrated significant positive outcomes at more than 1 site in terms of in-creasing work and earnings of participants, reducing poverty and dependence, or strengthening families. ‘‘(C) P
ROMISING APPROACH .—The term ‘promising approach’ means an approach— ‘‘(i) that meets the requirements of sub-paragraph (D)(i); ‘‘(ii) that has been evaluated using well-de-signed and rigorous randomized controlled or quasi-experimental research designs; ‘‘(iii) that has demonstrated significant positive outcomes at only 1 site in terms of increasing work and earnings of partici-pants, reducing poverty and dependence, or strengthening families; and ‘‘(iv) under which the benefits of the posi-tive outcomes have exceeded the costs of achieving the outcomes. ‘‘(D) D
EVELOPMENTAL APPROACH .—The term ‘developmental approach’ means an approach that— ‘‘(i) is research-based, grounded in relevant empirically-based knowledge, and linked to program-determined outcomes; ‘‘(ii) is evaluated using rigorous research designs; and ‘‘(iii) has yet to demonstrate a significant positive outcome in terms of increasing work and earnings of participants in a cost-effec-tive way. ‘‘(h) A
PPROPRIATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount appro-priated by section 403(a)(1) for each fiscal year, 0.33 percent shall be available for re-search and evaluation under this section. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amount made available under paragraph (1) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall make available $10,000,000 plus such additional amount as the Secretary deems necessary and appro-priate, to carry out subsection (e).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 403(a)(1)(B) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 603(a)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, reduced by the percentage specified in section 413(h) with respect to the fiscal year,’’ before ‘‘as the amount’’. 
SEC. 5. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DATA EX-CHANGE STANDARDS TO IMPROVE PROGRAM COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411(d) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 611(d)) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
ATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM-
PROVED INTEROPERABILITY .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and considering State gov-ernment perspectives, by rule, designate data exchange standards to govern, under this part— ‘‘(A) necessary categories of information that State agencies operating programs under State plans approved under this part are required under applicable Federal law to electronically exchange with another State agency; and ‘‘(B) Federal reporting and data exchange required under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange standards required by paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) incorporate a widely accepted, non- proprietary, searchable, computer-readable format, such as the eXtensible Markup Lan-guage; ‘‘(B) contain interoperable standards devel-oped and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Informa-tion Exchange Model; ‘‘(C) incorporate interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal enti-ties with authority over contracting and fi-nancial assistance; ‘‘(D) be consistent with and implement ap-plicable accounting principles; ‘‘(E) be implemented in a manner that is cost-effective and improves program effi-ciency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(F) be capable of being continually up-graded as necessary. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards found to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a pro-posed rule that— (1) identifies federally required data ex-changes, include specification and timing of exchanges to be standardized, and address the factors used in determining whether and when to standardize data exchanges; and (2) specifies State implementation options and describes future milestones. 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on H.R. 5170, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. For all our best intentions, we too often see government programs fail both the constituencies they are in-tended to help and the taxpayers who fund them. Thousands of families across this country continue to be trapped, gen-eration after generation, in programs that were well intended but are now in-effective or outdated. Our social safety net has instead become a poverty trap 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.034 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4017 June 21, 2016 
and not the springboard to prosperity we once envisioned. Our constituents, all Americans, de-serve better. They need their Federal Government working together with their communities to focus on how we can help members of our society suc-cessfully climb that ladder out of pov-erty, not just check them off as an-other individual served. By changing the Federal Govern-ment’s definition of success in Federal social programs, from inputs to actual outcomes, we can help our fellow Americans overcome the root causes of poverty and seize economic opportuni-ties to work and provide for our fami-lies. It is this shift in focus, this focus from inputs to outcomes, that could substantially transform our safety net to better serve our most vulnerable. The Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act does just that. It empowers States, local governments, nonprofits, and the private sector to scale up evidence-based interventions that address our Nation’s most press-ing social challenges. This legislation would foster the cre-ation of public-private partnerships that harness philanthropic and other private-sector investments so we can expand and replicate scientifically proven social and public health pro-grams. Because social impact partner-ships are focused on achieving real re-sults, government dollars are paid out only when desired outcomes are met. Furthermore, this legislation would reauthorize the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program at current spending levels for 1 year as well as build evidence on our efforts to help our most needy families find jobs and achieve self-sufficiency by cataloging the best evidence-based approaches. The What Works Clearinghouse would make it easier for States to know which approaches have been test-ed using independent, rigorous evalua-tions and, based on those results, an understanding of their effectiveness in achieving positive results for individ-uals and families. By cataloging the different ap-proaches States are taking in helping welfare recipients move into work, we can help empower well-intentioned pol-icymakers across all levels of govern-ment to improve lives through evi-dence-based policymaking. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Temporary Assist-ance for Needy Families, TANF, pro-gram expires at the end of September. We need to extend this program, and this legislation accomplishes that goal; but we have so much more to do. Once TANF is temporarily extended, our committee and this Congress should work toward a more comprehen-sive review and reauthorization of the program. We need to make sure that spending under TANF is focused on the core missions of helping needy families and promoting work. We need to fur-ther open opportunities to education and training so that TANF recipients can prepare for and find good jobs. And we need to ensure that adequate child care and other supports are available for low-income parents in the work-force. Of course, if we are serious about re-ducing poverty, improving TANF must be part of a broader agenda that seeks to help Americans endeavoring to help themselves. We should substantially increase the minimum wage for hard-working Americans, expanding the earned income tax credit to childless workers, and expanding access to af-fordable housing. By the way, those are inputs that relate to outputs and out-comes. And we should be building on successful programs like the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, the Social Services Block Grant, and the Affordable Care Act. Instead, the agenda we have seen from the Republican leadership of this House is to block meaningful improve-ments or, even worse, to gut programs that now provide opportunities for Americans. Eliminating the Social Services Block Grant, as Republicans propose, will make child care less available, making it harder for low-in-come parents to go to work. Cutting funding for education and training, as the Republican budget suggests, would have the same effect of blocking a path to work. And repealing the Affordable Care Act, as Republicans have voted re-peatedly to do, would make it harder for people to move into work and to move between jobs. Republicans say they support work, but time and time again, they oppose work supports. The programs that arose out of the war on poverty reduced poverty by over 40 percent, despite erroneous claims to the contrary by some of our Republican colleagues. However, at the same time, we still have 47 million Americans who live in poverty. These struggling families deserve real action, not more of the same old failed policies and empty rhetoric that we have heard in the report from the Republican House Poverty Task Force several weeks ago. And they certainly deserve better than huge cuts to programs they depend on. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill be-cause it extends the TANF program, a necessary program for low-income fam-ilies. The bill also includes a 1-year al-location to test social impact partner-ships in which the private, nonprofit, and government sectors attempt to come together to address certain social problems. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the balance of my time be man-aged by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), ranking member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Human Resources. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED). Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation. As someone who was raised by a single mother when my father passed when I was 2 years old, and having 11 older brothers and sisters, poverty is some-thing that I know firsthand and that we have seen firsthand in our house-hold. As we go forward and we deal with extending TANF cash welfare for 1 year, I think what Mr. Y
OUNG of Indi-ana has done is try to put forward in-novative ideas that change the dia-logue, that change the debate when it comes to our antipoverty measures out of Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, no longer should we measure the success of a program just by the amount of money we spend on that program, but measure it by the lives that are positively changed. b1745 That is what this social impact bond-ing legislation is all about. It is re-warding and standing with people who are moving out of poverty, standing on their own two feet. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in support of this critical legis-lation as we care for those young men and women, as well as those adults who live in poverty, and break that cycle once and for all. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The bill which Mr. Y
OUNG brings to the floor this afternoon concerns five- tenths of 1 percent of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families pro-gram. I want to talk about the other 99.5 percent, and I will address the 0.5 percent—the five-tenths—a little later. Overall, this legislation perpetuates the myth of compassionate conserv-atism that was originally spun by George W. Bush. It involves a Repub-lican strategy that we have seen over the last few weeks to block every sin-gle Democratic proposal that would re-form welfare to work, or Temporary Assistance for Needy Families as it is formally known. I favor full reform of TANF, to pur-sue the original objectives of the 1996 welfare reform that I supported to end generational poverty and help poor Americans who are not physically able to work. TANF would permit them to climb up the economic ladder into the middle class while supporting those who are unable to work. Instead, what we are presented is one modest, unproven social experiment paid for at the expense of poor chil-dren. Over the last 20 years, the total resources that are available to get peo-ple from welfare to work have steadily declined. Today’s legislation is just one more small cut to those resources. Republicans previously terminated one major part of TANF that helped States with poor populations, like Texas, whacking out $319 million from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.067 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4018 June 21, 2016 
the program. What we have left with TANF today is about one-third of the purchasing power that it had 20 years ago when we adopted the reform. In Texas, about 1 in 20 children receive as-sistance from TANF. Folks who need a life vest are instead given an anchor. While it may have had some initial positive impact, the 1996 welfare law has become an example of a failed Fed-eral block grant program. Through the years, the States have diverted more and more moneys that were intended to support poor mothers finding the education and training that they need-ed and the childcare and placement services they needed to go out and have the dignity of a livable wage, long- term job, and now the States are spending, on average, 8 cents of every dollar on work and another 16 cents on child care. To the extent that President John-son’s War on Poverty has not been fully won, much of the responsibility goes to those who refuse to fight, who surrendered at the first obstacle, who engaged in passive resistance, and, in places like Texas, who just abandoned the field of battle when it came to pro-tecting their poorest citizens. Clearly, the social safety net that TANF was supposed to be has become mostly hole and little net. If this is a poverty trap, as we have heard, it is because our Republican col-leagues have shut the door on any ef-forts to unlock it with the exception of this one bill. Now with their recently announced poverty plan, they want to take the same kind of thinking—these failed block grants—and apply it to the national school lunch program, apply it to Medicaid, and according to one of their exhibits, to everything from Pell grants to cervical cancer, blocking it all together, and then putting the vic-tims on the chopping block. Beginning last summer, I encouraged now-Speaker R
YAN and other Repub-licans to support a reform, basically saying to them: I know you are not going to give another dime to help the poor, but at least ask the States to use the moneys that they already have from the Federal Government to ac-complish the law’s original objectives and stop diverting this money to plug budget loopholes. Unfortunately, TANF is still a welfare program, but it is Republican Governors, largely, who are on the dole, who take this Federal money and don’t use it for the purposes for which it was originally intended. Last year, even Speaker R
YANrecog-nized that existing TANF limitations impair the ability of the poor to get the educational opportunities that they need to get good jobs. Five Repub-licans, including a couple from our committee, offered the Preparing More Welfare Recipients for Work Act, which doubled the time that was per-mitted for educational training to count as a work activity, and as one of them—our colleague, Mr. T
IBERI —said, these commonsense reforms streamline and simplify complicated work require-ments, leading to higher enrollment in work or job training programs. It was common sense then, but as soon as it was attacked by rightwing ideologues, they ran away from it. Republicans could join us in reform-ing TANF to make it a true pathway to work and into the middle class, but they have declined to do that. Instead of offering a reauthorization, they split TANF up into six pieces that did not continue it. Part of the same package that hasn’t been brought to the floor this afternoon are two other bills. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  our dissenting views to those bills. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, May 17, 2016. D
ISSENTING VIEWS FOR H.R. 2959 What began as a legislative step forward has become a step backward. What did some modest good, now does harm. As introduced, the TANF Accountability and Integrity Im-provement Act (H.R. 2959) would have closed a loophole that a few states have created and exploited to avoid providing their state match for the federal TANF block grant. This loophole unfairly misapplies third- party spending as if it were state spending. The non-partisan General Accountability Office (GAO) has criticized this wrongful ap-proach, which shortchanges poor children and their parents. I fully support the bill’s complete closure of this loophole that only a few states exploit to avoid providing their fair share of support for moving their impov-erished residents from welfare to work. Unfortunately, only hours prior to the Committee markup, this bill was amended to do the opposite of what it originally would have accomplished. As amended, it legalizes this unfair loophole by grandfathering in current offenders. Now it does little more than prevent other states from following the leadership of a few pioneers in abuse. Why reward those states who balance their books on the backs of those least able to bear the burden? According to the GAO, Georgia is the chief offender, with nearly 60 percent of its TANF contributions coming from private entities. Not only is it not making its proper match to access federal funds, but Georgia also con-sistently ignores the needs of its poorest citizens. For every TANF dollar, Georgia uses 80 cents for in ways that ignore the core purposes of TANF—work, direct assistance and child care. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) should have already initiated action to close this unjustified loophole. As amended, the bill would now prevent HHS from collecting this abuse. It should be re-jected. L
LOYD DOGGETT . J
IMMCDERMOTT . 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, May 27, 2016. D
ISSENTING VIEWS FOR H.R. 2952 The Committee has considered multiple bills regarding Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) without actually ex-tending TANF, which expires in four months. The reason for so many different TANF bills and a refusal to consider an extension in Committee is to block Members from offer-ing genuine reforms of TANF designed to make it function more effectively, to avoid state diversion of TANF funds away from core TANF purposes, and to do more to help TANF recipients move into good, sustainable jobs. This is accomplished through a maneu-ver claiming that any significant reform that any member proposes is not germane to any of the narrow bills in question. Indeed, the Committee refused to consider an amendment that would simply have extended the expiring TANF program for another fis-cal year on grounds that it was not germane. This particular part of the Republican TANF package concerns data on wages and employment status, but unfortunately a be-lated amendment to it would make that data a less accurate measure of the effectiveness of State efforts to move people into work. The revised bill manipulates numbers, cre-ating the misimpression that those who can-not work because of age or disability refuse to work. Furthermore, this bill does not pro-vide a measure of the percentage of those leaving TANF who have found work. It would be insightful to learn whether a state has simply forced an individual off TANF or actually helped them to secure a job through which they can support their family. We strongly support an accurate employ-ment outcomes measure that can offer in-sight regarding whether state programs are really malcing a difference in moving people from welfare to real, wage-paying, longterm employment and providing opportunity for individuals to work their way out of poverty. This bill’s flaws undercut that goal, and un-fortunately the Majority rejected an amend-ment that would have corrected these short-comings. Representatives Sander Levin, Charles B. Rangel, John Lewis, Xavier Becerra, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Lloyd Doggett, Jim McDermott, Richard E. Neal, Earl Blu-menauer, John B. Larson, Ron Kind, Danny Davis, Mike Thompson, Joseph Crowley, Linda Sanchez. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I would say that what we have here is an at-tempt to also add by amendment the very reauthorization that I sought to offer in committee that was blocked then. I guess today will be the first time even our Republican colleagues learn what has been done with this au-thorization. Overall, what we have had is a Re-publican roadblock to real welfare re-form and poverty reduction that this Congress should be focused on, and it obviously will take a new President and a new Congress to do it. Like the compassionate conservatism of George W. Bush, Republicans are offering us a slogan, not a solution. The same day that they rejected our efforts to deal with this issue, they were all about more tax breaks. Their poverty agenda is a collection of re-treads that offer little hope for change. It only demonstrates that their ap-proach to poverty is indeed impover-ished. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to thank my good friend from In-diana for yielding and for his work on this important legislation. I also want to thank my good friend from Mary-land, who has also put a lot of work into what I think is really a unique piece of legislation. I want to make sure that I rise in support of the Social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.068 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4019 June 21, 2016 
Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act. This reform-minded legislation, Mr. Speaker, is so important because it of-fers a fresh approach for the way that the Federal Government assists those who are truly in need. It focuses our ef-forts on evidence-based reforms. How refreshing is that? We spend a tremendous amount of money, Mr. Speaker, trying to make sure that we are giving people an op-portunity to get out from being impov-erished. We have too many people today, Mr. Speaker, around the coun-try who are fighting poverty. This ac-tually brings entrepreneurs, non-profits, and the government together to actually solve these problems. The Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act is a bipartisan so-lution that rewards and promotes pro-grams that actually help individuals achieve positive outcomes. It actually helps and relieves the taxpayers a tre-mendous burden. No longer are the tax-payers on the hook for failed programs. This actually is providing the oppor-tunity for entrepreneurs and those who are in the nonprofit sector to also play a role in trying to actually come up with unique solutions in very different ways in State-by-State outcomes. This innovative piece of legislation will give the States more flexibility to be cre-ative with TANF dollars and establish approaches that will uniquely address the problems facing local communities. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will also serve as an extension of the TANF program to make sure that we con-tinue to provide necessary assistance to individuals looking to achieve self- sufficiency through job training and education. The challenges we face in fighting poverty are clearly steep. We know that in the War on Poverty, we have spent over $22 trillion to move the nee-dle from 15 percent in poverty to 14.6 percent in poverty. We need to start thinking creatively about how can we focus on outcomes, how can we get more people off of the unemployment rolls, how can we get more people off the TANF rolls, off the welfare rolls. This is a program, this is an idea, a bi-partisan reform that is going to focus on outcomes and will help start solving the problem. It does require meaning-ful action. I believe that the American Dream revolves around the idea that each and every one of us has something positive to contribute to our great Nation. This legislation is a step in the right direc-tion in helping individuals reach their full potential, and gives States flexi-bility. Again, I want to go back and I want to thank my good friend from Mary-land for his work on this and my friend from Indiana for, again, working in a bipartisan way to start thinking out-side of the box. The government doesn’t always have the solution, and we need to leverage nonprofits. We need to leverage those who are working out there and bringing unique ideas to the fold. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. D
ELANEY ), a leading advocate for social impact financing and, I know, a partner of Mr. Y
OUNG . Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague from Texas for yielding me this time, and I want to express my support for his comments and associate myself with his comments. He has been a sin-gular champion of the TANF program and the goals that it represents. I ap-preciate his work and the opportunity to work with him on this bill. I also want to thank my good friend and colleague from Indiana. We have spent a considerable amount of time working on this piece of legislation to-gether, talking to groups, and he has been a wonderful champion and it has been a real pleasure to work with him on this concept. Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Con-gress, I spent my whole career as an entrepreneur in the private sector building businesses. The one thing I would observe from that experience whenever I would travel around the United States, or around the world for that matter, whenever you saw good economic outcomes and broad-based prosperity for the citizens, you always found a situation where the govern-ment, the nonprofit sector, and the pri-vate sector worked well together to solve the problems in society, and it is that spirit that animates the social im-pact partnership that we are here to discuss this evening. If you think about what is going on in the world today, Mr. Speaker, and the changes that are playing out in our economy based on technological inno-vation and global interconnection, you realize that it has helped many of our citizens and it has helped billions of people around the world, but it has also hurt many of our citizens. It happened too fast; we weren’t quite prepared for it; and chronic and vexing issues like poverty, educational disparities, in-come and opportunity disparities have only grown based on these trends. To make a difference against these problems, Mr. Speaker, we need to do several things. First, we need to invest. You cannot definitionally make trans-formative changes, whether it be in the private sector or the public sector, un-less you make investments. The second thing we need, Mr. Speak-er, is we need innovation. We need the best ideas to be applied against some of these very difficult challenges that we have. Mr. Speaker, we also need a new sense and spirit of collaboration and cooperation among all the stakeholders because the government right now has three significant problems when it tries to tackle these issues. The first problem it has is a funding problem. Whether it is the condition of the Federal budget or the State budget, it is very difficult for the government to make investments. The second issue the government has is an innovation problem. Mr. Speaker, I think we all know that the govern-ment has never been the incubator nec-essarily of great innovation. It has been good at investing, but we find more innovation often outside of gov-ernment. Right now that gap is grow-ing. So the government has an innova-tion problem. The third problem the government has is a transparency problem. I used to say in business that if you can’t measure it, you can’t manage it. And we are not getting enough data in terms of a positive feedback loop to look at some of these issues and see what works and what doesn’t work. That is why Pay for Success frame-works and social impact partnerships can make such a big difference because it solves those problems, it creates pathways for more capital, more in-vestments to flow from the nonprofit sector or the private sector against issues that have traditionally been funded by the government. b1800 It creates pathways for innovation and best ideas and new ideas to flow into the government sector, and it cre-ates a pathway and a framework for more transparency and more metrics as it relates to what the results are. Whether it is supplied against early childhood education, recidivism issues, chronic healthcare issues like asthma, whatever the framework can be, this approach can create an opportunity for more investment, which we need; more innovation, which we need; greater metrics and transparency, which we need; and a renewed spirit of coopera-tion between the government, the pri-vate sector, and the nonprofit sector to make a difference against these prob-lems, which is why I am very sup-portive of the social impact partner-ship framework, the Pay for Success framework. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, but I also encourage my colleagues to think seriously about what my colleague from Texas said about the larger TANF program, be-cause there is so much more to be done. I do believe launching the social im-pact partnership framework can lead to transformative changes against these very, very difficult issues and create a situation where prosperity is shared more broadly and there is more oppor-tunity for Americans, particularly our American colleagues who have been so affected negatively by some of the larger changes that are going on in the world. I encourage adoption of the bill. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ), my colleague. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.069 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4020 June 21, 2016 
As founding co-chair of the bipar-tisan Congressional Social Investment Taskforce, I believe that we can har-ness the power of market forces and private capital to solve local problems, benefit American taxpayers, and uplift communities. This bill will encourage the private sector to invest in some of the most pressing challenges we face as a nation. I believe in the power of government to be a force for good, but after 30 years in business, I tremendously be-lieve in the untapped potential of the private market to solve problems. The goal of this bill is to unleash that power of the private sector to work with local governments and commu-nities. This bill is based on the pay for re-sults model, in which Federal funds are only spent when measurable results have been achieved. Instead of simply creating more government programs, this saves taxpayer dollars by ensuring funds are only spent on successful pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-resentative T
ODDYOUNG and my fellow co-chair of the taskforce, Representa-tive J
OHN DELANEY , for introducing this important legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support this. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I salute and appreciate the commit-ment of Mr. Y
OUNG and Mr. D ELANEY to seek new ways to try to combat some old problems. We need creativity to ad-dress these challenges. There is no one single approach that will solve all these problems. Where I disagree with them is over how they choose to fund this initiative—a choice that I think they probably personally did not make—and the lack of safeguards to assure their very laudable objectives. This bill takes money that has al-ways been dedicated to benefit vulner-able children away from the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services and authorized its expenditure for other purposes that may be very well intentioned, but that have absolutely nothing to do with vulnerable children. Now is not the time to further reduce this funding for needy children just be-cause it happens to be an easy place to take money from. It is only $100 mil-lion, only five-tenths of a percent of the total TANF budget, but I can tell you that it is hard to come by $100 mil-lion to do anything to try to help vul-nerable children, and it is a loss to have that money taken away. It is true that President Obama fi-nally, after almost 8 years of his ad-ministration, proposed that the contin-gency fund be repurposed and that money be added to family assistance grants and require the States to use more of the resources they get from TANF for the purposes of TANF to pre-vent two-generational poverty. The President’s approach was to use the TANF contingency fund for a pathway to jobs initiative and a generational poverty initiative, not to take it out for other purposes. Today, this contin-gency fund is simply viewed as the easiest place to get money for what is not an evidence-based approach, but may still have merit. In committee, I sought to protect at least some of these moneys for chil-dren. I appreciate the fact that Mr. YOUNG and Mr. D ELANEY have been re-ceptive and have incorporated in the amended version today a measure that will assure that at least half of the money taken away from TANF is allo-cated for children, with the focus being on helping those poor children who would otherwise have benefited from the money had it stayed with TANF. Social impact financing offers the po-tential of greater private investment and resources to tackle some of the se-rious social ills that our country con-fronts. Without approving any new leg-islation, there is no restriction right now on any of our States from going out and using TANF money for social impact financing, so long as they focus on the statutory purposes of TANF. If these laboratories of democracy can do it already, then I think that is prob-ably sufficient. I do know that there are a number of young entrepreneurs with a social con-science—a number of them I have talked with in Austin, Texas—who want to apply their talents to resolve ills that they see around them. There are a number of feasibility studies al-ready underway in Austin concerning some of the problems that we have in Texas. But not everyone who applies for these funds will have the outlook of Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. D ELANEY , some of our colleagues who have come to the floor, and some of these young entrepreneurs because, unfortunately, with the starv-ing of our social service and edu-cational sector, one community after another is so desperate for funds to fight child abuse or neglect that they are willing to do almost anything that they might be sold upon. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I will include in the R
ECORD a list of safeguards that I hope the gentlemen will consider as this bill proceeds to the Senate. In designing a new program with $100 mil-lion in taxpayer funds, which is designed to ul-timately attract many additional taxpayer funds, to an initiative that is not evidence- based, we need to ensure that those dollars are not squandered. And after the Wall Street bailouts, many Americans question whether Wall Street is the place to turn to address so-cial challenges. We have to consider the pos-sibility of the unscrupulous offering false hope to a desperate local community. In Committee, I raised a list of questions about the lack of adequate safeguards. A state or locality may encounter substantial costs in administering the programs, between fees owed to intermediaries, service providers, evaluators and the like. This bill caps the amount that may be expended on feasibility studies to evaluate a social impact financing proposal, but it places no cap on underwriting costs, which Wall Street firms can charge. The bill puts no limit on the returns an investor can gain in one of these projects. It has no limit on who can determine what ‘‘success’’ is in one of these proposals. This bill fails to require a clear cost/benefit analysis that includes as a cost the cost of any related feasibility study. Even without proper safeguards, it is far from certain how many proposals will actually qualify for funding under this bill. Indeed, the Congressional Budget Office notes that ‘‘be-cause there is uncertainty as to the extent states conducting the projects will achieve the measurable outcomes required for federal re-imbursement, CBO estimates that not all of the funds reserved for the program will be spent. House Republicans have been so eager to gain approval of any new idea they can claim responds to poverty and related social needs that this proposal has emerged without careful evaluation. Hopefully, the Senate in its legisla-tive process can correct some of these short-comings, and the Treasury and the Office of Management and Budget can include addi-tional safeguards in implementing this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This bipartisan, bicameral bill was developed over the course of 2 years, incorporating feedback from a variety of stakeholders, ranging from State and local governments to child welfare organizations. I want to thank these stakeholders, as well as give very special recognition to my colleague, Congressman DELANEY , my Democratic colleague from Maryland, for his leadership and partnership with me on this initiative. I would also be remiss if I didn’t ac-knowledge the substantial and impres-sive efforts of members of our staff, from the Ways and Means committee staff, Ryan Martin, to my own personal office staff, Jaymi Light, who literally authored this legislation—we went through about 50 different versions until we got it right—to Xan Fishman of Congressman D
ELANEY ’s staff, for his hard work. This was a team effort. This is the sort of big idea, bipartisan team-work we need more of in Washington, D.C. All of you have helped make it happen here today. I want to thank my fellow Ways and Means colleagues who are cosponsors of this legislation for their leadership and continued support. Social impact partnerships address our moral responsibilities to ensure that social programs actually improve recipients’ lives, and do so in a fiscally prudent manner. But they also respond to the imperative of improving our eco-nomic health by harnessing the capa-bilities of every able-bodied citizen. Our safety net must reflect our coun-try’s belief that, without exception, Americans aren’t liabilities to be writ-ten off but, instead, assets to be real-ized. I urge all of my colleagues to support the Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.070 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4021 June 21, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5170, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH CARE RELIEF ACT OF 2016 Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5447) to provide an exception from certain group health plan require-ments for qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangements, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5447 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Health Care Relief Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCEPTION FROM GROUP HEALTH PLAN REQUIREMENTS FOR QUALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH REIM-BURSEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE INTERNAL REVENUE  C
ODE OF 1986 AND THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND  A
FFORDABLE CAREACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 9831 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED SMALL EM-
PLOYER HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this title (except as provided in section 4980I(f)(4) and notwithstanding any other provision of this title), the term ‘group health plan’ shall not in-clude any qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangement. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH RE -
IMBURSEMENT ARRANGEMENT .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement’ means an arrangement which— ‘‘(i) is described in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) is provided on the same terms to all eligi-ble employees of the eligible employer. ‘‘(B) A
RRANGEMENT DESCRIBED .—An arrange-ment is described in this subparagraph if— ‘‘(i) such arrangement is funded solely by an eligible employer and no salary reduction con-tributions may be made under such arrange-ment, ‘‘(ii) such arrangement provides, after the em-ployee provides proof of coverage, for the pay-ment of, or reimbursement of, an eligible em-ployee for expenses for medical care (as defined in section 213(d)) incurred by the eligible em-ployee or the eligible employee’s family members (as determined under the terms of the arrange-ment), and ‘‘(iii) the amount of payments and reimburse-ments described in clause (ii) for any year do not exceed $5,130 ($10,260 in the case of an ar-rangement that also provides for payments or reimbursements for family members of the em-ployee). ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN VARIATION PERMITTED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), an arrange-ment shall not fail to be treated as provided on the same terms to each eligible employee merely because the employee’s permitted benefits under such arrangement vary in accordance with the variation in the price of an insurance policy in the relevant individual health insurance market based on— ‘‘(i) the age of the eligible employee (and, in the case of an arrangement which covers med-ical expenses of the eligible employee’s family members, the age of such family members), or ‘‘(ii) the number of family members of the eli-gible employee the medical expenses of which are covered under such arrangement. The variation permitted under the preceding sentence shall be determined by reference to the same insurance policy with respect to all eligible employees. ‘‘(D) RULES RELATING TO MAXIMUM DOLLAR  
LIMITATION .— ‘‘(i) A
MOUNT PRORATED IN CERTAIN CASES .—In the case of an individual who is not covered by an arrangement for the entire year, the limita-tion under subparagraph (A)(iii) for such year shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount which would (but for this clause) be in effect for such individual for such year under subparagraph (A)(iii) as the number of months for which such individual is covered by the arrangement for such year bears to 12. ‘‘(ii) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any year beginning after 2016, each of the dollar amounts in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. If any dollar amount increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such dollar amount shall be rounded to the next low-est multiple of $100. ‘‘(3) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘eligible employee’ means any employee of an eligible em-ployer, except that the terms of the arrangement may exclude from consideration employees de-scribed in any clause of section 105(h)(3)(B) (ap-plied by substituting ‘90 days’ for ‘3 years’ in clause (i) thereof). ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘eligible employer’ means an employer that— ‘‘(i) is not an applicable large employer as de-fined in section 4980H(c)(2), and ‘‘(ii) does not offer a group health plan to any of its employees. ‘‘(C) P
ERMITTED BENEFIT .—The term ‘per-mitted benefit’ means, with respect to any eligi-ble employee, the maximum dollar amount of payments and reimbursements which may be made under the terms of the qualified small em-ployer health reimbursement arrangement for the year with respect to such employee. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An employer funding a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement for any year shall, not later than 90 days before the beginning of such year (or, in the case of an employee who is not eligible to participate in the arrangement as of the begin-ning of such year, the date on which such em-ployee is first so eligible), provide a written no-tice to each eligible employee which includes the information described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS OF NOTICE .—The notice re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: ‘‘(i) A statement of the amount which would be such eligible employee’s permitted benefits under the arrangement for the year. ‘‘(ii) A statement that the eligible employee should provide the information described in clause (i) to any health insurance exchange to which the employee applies for advance pay-ment of the premium assistance tax credit. ‘‘(iii) A statement that if the employee is not covered under minimum essential coverage for any month the employee may be subject to tax under section 5000A for such month and reim-bursements under the arrangement may be in-cludible in gross income.’’. (2) LIMITATION ON EXCLUSION FROM GROSS IN -
COME .—Section 106 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) Q
UALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH RE-
IMBURSEMENT ARRANGEMENT .—For purposes of this section and section 105, payments or reim-bursements from a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement (as defined in section 9831(d)) of an individual for medical care (as defined in section 213(d)) shall not be treated as paid or reimbursed under employer- provided coverage for medical expenses under an accident or health plan if for the month in which such medical care is provided the indi-vidual does not have minimum essential cov-erage (within the meaning of section 5000A(f)).’’. (3) C
OORDINATION WITH HEALTH INSURANCE  
PREMIUM CREDIT .—Section 36B(c) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED SMALL EM -
PLOYER HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘coverage month’ shall not include any month with respect to an employee (or any spouse or dependent of such employee) if for such month the employee is pro-vided a qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangement which constitutes af-fordable coverage. ‘‘(B) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—In the case of any employee who is provided a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrange-ment for any coverage month (determined with-out regard to subparagraph (A)), the credit oth-erwise allowable under subsection (a) to the tax-payer for such month shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount described in subpara-graph (C)(i)(II) for such month. ‘‘(C) A
FFORDABLE COVERAGE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement shall be treated as constituting affordable coverage for a month if— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount that would be paid by the em-ployee as the premium for such month for self- only coverage under the second lowest cost sil-ver plan offered in the relevant individual health insurance market, over ‘‘(II) 
1⁄12of the employee’s permitted benefit (as defined in section 9831(d)(3)(C)) under such arrangement, does not exceed— ‘‘(ii) 
1⁄12of 9.5 percent of the employee’s house-hold income. ‘‘(D) Q
UALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH RE -
IMBURSEMENT ARRANGEMENT .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified small em-ployer health reimbursement arrangement’ has the meaning given such term by section 9831(d)(2). ‘‘(E) C
OVERAGE FOR LESS THAN ENTIRE YEAR .— In the case of an employee who is provided a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement for less than an entire year, sub-paragraph (C)(i)(II) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘the number of months during the year for which such arrangement was provided’ for ‘12’. ‘‘(F) I
NDEXING .—In the case of plan years be-ginning in any calendar year after 2014, the Secretary shall adjust the 9.5 percent amount under subparagraph (C)(ii) in the same manner as the percentages are adjusted under sub-section (b)(3)(A)(ii).’’. (4) A
PPLICATION OF EXCISE TAX ON HIGH COST  
EMPLOYER -SPONSORED HEALTH COVERAGE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4980I(f)(4) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Section 9831(d)(1) shall not apply for purposes of this section.’’. (B) D
ETERMINATION OF COST OF COVERAGE .— Section 4980I(d)(2) of such Code is amended by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.072 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4022 June 21, 2016 
redesignating subparagraph (D) as subpara-graph (E) and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) Q
UALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH RE -
IMBURSEMENT ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of applicable employer-sponsored coverage con-sisting of coverage under any qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement (as defined in section 9831(d)(2)), the cost of cov-erage shall be equal to the amount described in section 6051(a)(15).’’. (5) E
NFORCEMENT OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT .— Section 6652 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(o) F
AILURE TOPROVIDE NOTICES WITHRE-
SPECT TOQUALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH  R
EIMBURSEMENT ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of each failure to provide a written notice as re-quired by section 9831(d)(4), unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect, there shall be paid, on notice and demand of the Secretary and in the same manner as tax, by the person failing to provide such written notice, an amount equal to $50 per employee per incident of failure to provide such notice, but the total amount imposed on such person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not exceed $2,500.’’. (6) R
EPORTING .— (A) W–2 
REPORTING .—Section 6051(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (14) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(15) the total amount of permitted benefit (as defined in section 9831(d)(3)(C)) for the year under a qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangement (as defined in section 9831(d)(2)) with respect to the employee.’’. (B) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE PROVIDED  
BY EXCHANGE SUBSIDY APPLICANTS .—Section 1411(b)(3) of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act is amended by redesignating sub-paragraph (B) as subparagraph (C) and by in-serting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN INDIVIDUAL HEALTH INSURANCE  
POLICIES OBTAINED THROUGH SMALL EMPLOY -
ERS.—The amount of the enrollee’s permitted benefit (as defined in section 9831(d)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) under a quali-fied small employer health reimbursement ar-rangement (as defined in section 9831(d)(2) of such Code).’’. (7) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to years begin-ning after the earlier of— (i) the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, or (ii) December 31, 2016. (B) T
RANSITION RELIEF .—The relief under Treasury Notice 2015–17 shall be treated as ap-plying to any plan year beginning on or before the date described in subparagraph (A). (C) C
OORDINATION WITH HEALTH INSURANCE  
PREMIUM CREDIT .—The amendments made by paragraph (3) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after the date described in subpara-graph (A). (D) E
MPLOYEE NOTICE .—The amendments made by paragraph (5) shall apply to notices with respect to years beginning after the date described in subparagraph (A). (E) W–2 
REPORTING .—The amendments made by paragraph (6)(A) shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2016. (F) I
NFORMATION PROVIDED BY EXCHANGE SUB -
SIDY APPLICANTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (6)(B) shall apply to applications for enrollment made after the date described in sub-paragraph (A). (ii) V
ERIFICATION .—Verification under section 1411 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of information provided under section 1411(b)(3)(B) of such Act shall apply with re-spect to months beginning after October 2016. (8) SUBSTANTIATION REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury (or his designee) may issue substantiation requirements as necessary to carry out this subsection. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO THE EMPLOYEE RETIRE -
MENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 733(a)(1) of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1191b(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not in-clude any qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangement (as defined in section 9831(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986).’’. (2) E
XCEPTION FROM CONTINUATION COVERAGE  
REQUIREMENTS , ETC.—Section 607(1) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1167(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any qualified small employer health reimburse-ment arrangement (as defined in section 9831(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years be-ginning after the date described in subsection (a)(7)(A). (c) A
MENDMENTS TO THE PUBLIC HEALTH  S
ERVICE ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2791(a)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg– 91(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Except for purposes of part C of title XI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d et seq.), such term shall not include any qualified small employer health reimbursement arrange-ment (as defined in section 9831(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986).’’. (2) E
XCEPTION FROM CONTINUATION COVERAGE  
REQUIREMENTS .—Section 2208(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300bb–8(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any qualified small employer health reimbursement arrange-ment (as defined in section 9831(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years be-ginning after the date described in subsection (a)(7)(A). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OU-
STANY ) and the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5447, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to stand here before you to offer this bill. This is a very important bill, H.R. 5447, the Small Business Health Care Relief Act. It is bipartisan legislation that has been more than 2 years in the making. Mr. Speaker, as a small-business owner and a heart surgeon, I under-stand how important coverage is to get good, high-quality health care. But I also understand, from the standpoint of being a small-business owner, how dif-ficult it often is and how expensive it has become to provide this kind of cov-erage for employees. In 2013, Treasury issued regulatory guidance indicating that any employer offering health reimbursement ac-counts, also known as HRAs, was in violation of the Affordable Care Act group health plan requirements, irre-spective of the size of the employer. The very smallest of small businesses were affected by this, businesses that were trying to help their employees, doing the very best they can to help their employees have coverage. Furthermore, Treasury’s guidance in-cluded an astronomically high penalty fine assessed on employers offering these HRAs: $100 per day per employee, with the potential of accruing a $36,500 fine per year per employee. This is just draconian treatment for small busi-ness. In my home State of Louisiana, small businesses—those with 50 or fewer employees—account for 72 per-cent of all businesses in Louisiana. Yet only about 30 percent of those small businesses offer a specific group health plan, often citing the full cost of group health plans as the reason for offering nothing. I am sure this is the case all around the country. We have to help small businesses and their employees afford good coverage. Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful to my colleague from California, MIKE T
HOMPSON , for working with me on this bill to give small-business owners an opportunity to financially assist their employees with their health costs. This legislation will be critical to en-suring that small businesses in Lou-isiana and around the country have an option that allows them to help their employees afford health coverage and costs. When 65 percent of those in Lou-isiana who are currently uninsured, in-deed, have a full-time worker in their household and nearly three-quarters of all employers in Louisiana are small businesses, it is clear we can do better. This is something that will actually help these small-business owners and their employees get affordable cov-erage. Mr. Speaker, the government must not penalize small-business owners for doing the right thing and trying to help employees with the high cost of healthcare coverage, so I urge swift passage of this legislation to empower our small-business owners. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1815 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. One of the reforms in the Affordable Care Act banned employer-sponsored health plans from placing annual dollar limits on benefits paid by the plan to a beneficiary. This is good policy, as, for example, we don’t want patients with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.035 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4023 June 21, 2016 
cancer finding out their insurance com-pany only pays a set amount for their treatment and no more. But it has had the unintended effect of prohibiting stand-alone Health Reimbursement Ar-rangements because they are em-ployer-sponsored health plans under which benefits are limited to a speci-fied dollar amount. HRAs are typically used by bene-ficiaries for out-of-pocket medical ex-penses such as meeting an insurance plan’s annual deductible or co-pays for doctor and other medical provider vis-its. HRAs can also be used to pay for premiums for health insurance cov-erage. The bill before us would permit small employers to offer stand-alone HRAs to their employees, referred to as ‘‘quali-fied small employer HRA.’’ This bill would also permit the use of the quali-fied small employer HRAs to purchase coverage in the ACA’s public market-places. I am pleased to see my Republican colleagues recognizing the benefit of the ACA marketplaces and coverage they offer to millions of Americans. This bill is yet another important way to support the ACA, ensuring more Americans have the health coverage and flexibility they need through the marketplaces. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the balance of my time be con-trolled by the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), one of the spon-sors of this bill, and a distinguished member of our committee. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), who is the chairman of the Physicians Cau-cus. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Small Busi-ness Health Care Relief Act. I want to thank my colleagues, Dr. B
OUSTANY and Representative T HOMP -
SON, for their leadership on this impor-tant issue. It is not very often that we have bipartisan legislation that will make a real difference in lowering healthcare costs for working families, and I am pleased to see this bill come to the House floor today. This legislation is a no-brainer. As a physician with more than 30 years of experience, I have personally seen the need for commonsense reforms that will remove barriers to lower healthcare costs and give Americans more control over their own healthcare decisions. Because of the Affordable Care Act, I constantly hear from families who are paying higher premiums and out-of- pocket costs for less coverage and lower quality of care. I hear from small-business owners who desperately want to help their employees acquire health insurance, but face costly regu-lations that make it harder, if not im-possible, for them to do so. Employers of all sizes are imple-menting innovative solutions to ad-dress the rising healthcare costs, and we should do everything we can to sup-port those efforts. Unfortunately, mis-guided Federal rules too often stand in the way. Regulatory guidance issued by the IRS that penalizes small businesses who offer stand-alone Health Reim-bursement Arrangements is a perfect example. HRAs are popular among both workers and employers. Employers offer HRAs to help their employees pay for health care. In return, families are provided greater flexibility and an op-portunity to set aside pre-tax income for medical expenses. It simply doesn’t make sense for the Federal Government to restrict a posi-tive tool aimed at expanding access to affordable healthcare coverage. It is unconscionable that ObamaCare is pe-nalizing small businesses for trying to do the right thing and alleviate the fi-nancial burden on working families. That is why this bill is so important. We need to encourage policies that em-power every American with affordable coverage, provide more choice, and pro-mote a healthy workforce. And I hope we can all agree that we should elimi-nate misguided rules that only make it harder for families and small busi-nesses to obtain healthcare coverage they desperately need. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation which will re-store the ability of small businesses to offer HRAs. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Small Business Health Care Relief Act, and I want to thank Dr. BOUSTANY for working with me on this bill. As he pointed out, it is an important bill. It will help a lot of people, businessowners, workers, and families. The bill that we are considering today is the result of more than a year’s worth of close collaboration be-tween stakeholders and policymakers. It is bicameral, it is bipartisan, and it is supported by dozens of small busi-nesses and small-business organiza-tions across the country. Our Small Business Health Care Re-lief Act would allow small businesses with fewer than 50 employees, those companies that are not required to pro-vide health care, to offer tax preferred Health Reimbursement Arrangements or HRAs. The HRAs can be used to buy health insurance in the individual mar-ket, or pay for qualified health ex-penses if an individual already has cov-erage. Historically, small businesses offered these funds to employees in lieu of group health plans. Most of these com-panies don’t have the capacity to offer employer-sponsored coverage, so the HRAs served as health benefits for their workers. But right now, businesses are subject to this $100 per person per day fine that was mentioned earlier just for offering this help to their employees. This leg-islation clarifies that an HRA isn’t a group health plan, but a means for helping individuals purchase a health plan for health services. There is no requirement, as I men-tioned, for small companies of 50 or fewer people to provide health insur-ance. These employers don’t offer health benefits because they have to, they do it to support their workforce. We shouldn’t be penalizing responsible businessowners who are going above and beyond for their employees. Instead, we should arm small busi-nesses with the tools that help them recruit great workers and put them on a level playing field with their larger competitors. And we should help to make sure that quality, comprehensive coverage is affordable for folks who don’t have access to subsidies or em-ployer-sponsored health care. This bill does all of that. Small businesses drive job creation. They grow our economy. We should be going out of our way to help them sup-port their employees and focus on what they do best, running their business. And as was mentioned by our ranking member earlier, this is a prime exam-ple of how we should be conducting business in this House. We should be working across the aisle in a bipartisan measure. We should be building on the positive aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and this is an example of doing just that. Again, Dr. BOUSTANY , thank you for your cooperation and your help and your good work on this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank my colleague, M
IKETHOMPSON from California, for his collaboration. I want to thank the Ways and Means staff for working with us to get this legislation done, working with the stakeholders. I also want to single out some of our staffers who really worked very hard on this: Melissa Gierach, Casey Badmington, and Lakecia Foster. Without their help, we could not have gotten all this put together and seen this legislation through, so I am deeply grateful for their efforts as well. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense change that will expand options, it will increase portability, it will protect small businesses, and it will end these harsh penalties that small businesses were encountering as they were trying to do the right thing. So I urge my col-leagues to join me and support H.R. 5447. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following letters for the R
ECORD relating to H.R. 5447. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.074 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4024 June 21, 2016 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 13, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I write in regard to H.R. 5447, to provide an exception from cer-tain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reimburse-ment arrangements, which was referred in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on H.R. 5447 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 5447 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5447 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 13, 2016. D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5447, to provide an exception from certain group health plan re-quirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangements. As you noted, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5447 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X juris-diction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , Washington, DC, June 21, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to con-firm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 5447, the Small Business Heath Care Relief Act. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Work-force with regard to H.R. 5447 on those mat-ters within the Committee’s jurisdiction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 5447, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my Committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. Additionally, I appreciate your committee’s assistance with any additional improvements to the bill within the jurisdic-tion of the Education and the Workforce Committee. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 5447 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, JOHNKLINE, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 21, 2016. Hon. J
OHNKLINE, Chairman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN KLINE: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5447, the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Health Care Relief Act.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Education and the Work-force was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5447 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Education and the Work-force is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5447, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE WESTERN BALKANS—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–143) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2016. The threat constituted by the actions of persons engaged in, or assisting, sponsoring, or supporting (i) extremist violence in the Republic of Macedonia and elsewhere in the Western Balkans region, or (ii) acts obstructing imple-mentation of the Dayton Accords in Bosnia and Herzegovina or United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 1244 of June 10, 1999, in Kosovo, has not been resolved. In addition, Executive Order 13219 was amended by Executive Order 13304 of May 28, 2003, to take ad-ditional steps with respect to acts ob-structing implementation of the Ohrid Framework Agreement of 2001 relating to Macedonia. Because the acts of extremist vio-lence and obstructionist activity out-lined in these Executive Orders are hostile to U.S. interests and continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States, I have determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared with respect to the Western Balkans. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 21, 2016. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO NORTH KOREA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–144) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, expanded in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.048 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4025 June 21, 2016 
scope in Executive Order 13551 of Au-gust 30, 2010, addressed further in Exec-utive Order 13570 of April 18, 2011, fur-ther expanded in scope in Executive Order 13687 of January 2, 2015, and under which additional steps were taken in Executive Order 13722 of March 15, 2016, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2016. The existence and risk of prolifera-tion of weapons-usable fissile material on the Korean Peninsula; the actions and policies of the Government of North Korea that destabilize the Ko-rean Peninsula and imperil U.S. Armed Forces, allies, and trading partners in the region, including its pursuit of nu-clear and missile programs; and other provocative, destabilizing, and repres-sive actions and policies of the Govern-ment of North Korea, continue to con-stitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. For this reason, I have deter-mined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to North Korea. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 21, 2016. 
f 
b1830 ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5525, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5388, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5389, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
END TAXPAYER FUNDED CELL PHONES ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5525) to prohibit universal service support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 207, nays 143, not voting 84, as follows: 
[Roll No. 334] YEAS—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crenshaw Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—143 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Capps Capuano Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Moulton Nadler Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Peters Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—84 
Babin Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Bucshon Butterfield Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Clawson (FL) Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeSantis Diaz-Balart Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Fattah Fincher Forbes Franks (AZ) Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Hoyer Huelskamp Hultgren Jackson Lee Jeffries Kind Langevin Lee Lipinski Lowenthal Marchant Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Noem Nolan Norcross Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Polis Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Scott (VA) Sires Slaughter Speier Takai Trott Vela´zquez Wagner Walz Waters, Maxine Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yoho 
b1851 Ms. EDWARDS, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Ms. BASS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BURGESS, AMASH, and LONG changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, isn’t it true that the majority can schedule a vote on the no-fly, no buy bill right now? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not entertain any inquiry that does not relate in a practical sense to the pending proceedings. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I be-lieve that that bill has been filed and it is languishing in the committee. My inquiry is, isn’t it true that we can have a vote on that bill right now? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has not stated an inquiry that is relevant to the proceedings before the House at this time. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I re-spectfully request that the Chair an-swer the question posed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.040 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4026 June 21, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is no longer recognized. The Chair has advised that the gentleman has not stated an inquiry that is rel-evant to the proceedings before the House at this time. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR RAPID INNOVATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5388) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for in-novative research and development, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 351, nays 4, not voting 79, as follows: 
[Roll No. 335] YEAS—351 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Amash Gohmert Jones Massie 
NOT VOTING—79 
Babin Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Bucshon Butterfield Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Clawson (FL) Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeSantis Diaz-Balart Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Fattah Fincher Forbes Garamendi Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Hoyer Huelskamp Hultgren Jackson Lee Jeffries Kind Langevin Lee Lipinski Lowenthal Marchant Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Napolitano Noem Nolan Norcross Paulsen Perlmutter Pingree Polis Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Slaughter Speier Takai Trott Vela´zquez Wagner Walz Waters, Maxine Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yoho b1900 Mr. VEASEY changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LEVERAGING EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5389) to encourage engage-ment between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 347, nays 8, not voting 79, as follows: 
[Roll No. 336] YEAS—347 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.080 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4027 June 21, 2016 
Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—8 
Amash Duncan (TN) Gohmert Grothman Jones Massie Mulvaney Sanford 
NOT VOTING—79 
Babin Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Bucshon Butterfield Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Clawson (FL) Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeSantis Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Fattah Fincher Forbes Garamendi Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Hoyer Huelskamp Hultgren Jackson Lee Jeffries Kind Langevin Lee Lipinski Lowenthal Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Napolitano Noem Nolan Norcross Paulsen Perlmutter Pingree Polis Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Slaughter Speier Takai Trott Vela´zquez Wagner Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yoho Zinke b1908 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I missed rollcall votes 334 to 336. Had I been present, I would have cast the following votes: Roll call 334, on H.R. 5525, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Roll-call 335, on H.R. 5388, vote ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall 336, on H.R. 5389, vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, due to a weather- related flight delay, I was unavoidably de-tained and unable to be present to cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 334, 335 and 336. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: H.R. 5525, End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. H.R. 5388, Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. H.R. 5389, Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN HEALTH SAVINGS IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5452) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-mit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5452 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native Amer-ican Health Savings Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INDIVIDUALS ELIGIBLE FOR INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE ASSISTANCE NOT DISQUALIFIED FROM HEALTH SAV-INGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INDIVIDUALS ELIGIBLE  
FOR ASSISTANCE UNDER INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
PROGRAMS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), an individual shall not be treated as cov-ered under a health plan described in such sub-paragraph merely because the individual re-ceives hospital care or medical services under a medical care program of the Indian Health Serv-ice or of a tribal organization.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OUZER ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous ma-terial on H.R. 5452, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am happy to stand before you today as we consider H.R. 5452, the Native American Health Savings Improvement Act, a bipartisan bill that makes a commonsense improvement to current rules surrounding health savings ac-counts and those who get care at In-dian Health Services. Generally, anyone covered solely by a high-deductible plan is allowed to make deductible contributions to a health savings account; but under IRS guidance, an individual who has re-ceived medical services at an Indian Health Service facility at any time during the previous 3 months is made ineligible from making contributions to an HSA. This practice could discour-age those who rely on care that is de-livered at an Indian Health Service fa-cility from participating in an HSA. That is something that must be rem-edied. High-deductible health plans and HSAs are critical components of con-sumer-driven health care. Together, they empower individuals and families to shop around, unleashing the powers of choice and competition to lower costs and improve quality. We want to lower barriers to these types of ac-counts and encourage individuals who are otherwise eligible to not forgo treatment at an Indian Health Service facility simply because of confusion over when they might be able to re-sume contributing to their HSAs. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan, common-sense measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Currently, contributions to a health savings account may only be made when an account owner is enrolled in a high-deductible health plan. Addition-ally, the account owner may not be eli-gible for other health coverage that is not a high-deductible health plan. This bill would make sure that re-ceiving benefits under an Indian Health Service or a tribal medical care pro-gram does not disqualify a taxpayer from HSA eligibility. Furthermore, under this bill, the taxpayer would still have to be covered by a high-deductible health plan to be able to receive or to make HSA contributions. It is unclear how big of a problem this currently is across the country, particularly in Indian country. I have made it clear that HSAs and high-de-ductible plans move our country in the wrong direction—away from affordable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.049 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4028 June 21, 2016 
and comprehensive health coverage— but I don’t think individuals who are covered through IHS or tribal medical care programs should be forced to forgo one insurance or the other. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the Budget Committee, and the Agriculture Com-mittee. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY of the House Committee on Ways and Means, Con-gressman P
AULSEN , Congresswoman N
OEM, and Congressman B LUMENAUER  for cosponsoring this bipartisan legis-lation. I also thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) for his com-ments. This legislation today before the House, H.R. 5452, will improve access to health savings accounts for Native Americans who choose to receive care at Indian Health Service facilities by ending an unnecessary penalty against them. Currently, Native Americans are not allowed to contribute to their own health savings accounts for 3 months after receiving care at an Indian Health Service facility. These accounts can be a useful tool for families to cover the cost of deductibles, copay-ments, and coinsurance. However, cur-rent policy prevents this ability for Na-tive Americans, and the 3-month wait-ing period limits their access to serv-ices that can help with treating high- risk health conditions. This commonsense legislation elimi-nates the waiting period so Native Americans don’t have to wait to save their hard-earned money to make their own healthcare choices and to receive treatment from Indian Health Service doctors. Today’s legislation advances a bipartisan, patient-centered solution to an unfortunate, government-created problem. It will benefit all Native Americans who use HSAs, and I am glad that we can eliminate this unfair Federal penalty against them. I thank my colleagues for their sup-port of this legislation. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, let me just mention that Mr. B
LUMENAUER wanted to be here but, because of the weather, he has just been unable to arrive. I think the majority may have the same problem. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would add that Representative N
OEMfaced a similar situation with air travel and the weather. Mr. Speaker, about 20 million Ameri-cans are covered by a high deductible health plan with an HSA. These op-tions are an increasingly popular op-tion, and it is a popular option that many Native Americans would like to take advantage of. So let’s come to-gether and make sure that any current law practices that could dissuade tribal members from participation in an HSA-eligible plan would be reversed. I urge my colleague to join me and support H.R. 5452. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5452, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT OF 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5456) to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and fam-ily services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5456 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—INVESTING IN PREVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES Sec. 101. Purpose. Subtitle A—Prevention Activities Under Title IV–E Sec. 111. Foster care prevention services and programs. Sec. 112. Foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a li-censed residential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse. Sec. 113. Title IV–E payments for evidence- based kinship navigator pro-grams. Subtitle B—Enhanced Support Under Title IV– B Sec. 121. Elimination of time limit for family re-unification services while in foster care and permitting time-limited family reunification services when a child returns home from foster care. Sec. 122. Reducing bureaucracy and unneces-sary delays when placing children in homes across State lines. Sec. 123. Enhancements to grants to improve well-being of families affected by substance abuse. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 131. Reviewing and improving licensing standards for placement in a rel-ative foster family home. Sec. 132. Development of a statewide plan to prevent child abuse and neglect fatalities. Sec. 133. Modernizing the title and purpose of title IV–E. Sec. 134. Effective dates. TITLE II—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A PLACEMENT THAT IS NOT IN A FOSTER FAMILY HOME Sec. 201. Limitation on Federal financial par-ticipation for placements that are not in foster family homes. Sec. 202. Assessment and documentation of the need for placement in a qualified residential treatment program. Sec. 203. Protocols to prevent inappropriate di-agnoses. Sec. 204. Additional data and reports regarding children placed in a setting that is not a foster family home. Sec. 205. Effective dates; application to waivers. TITLE III—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES Sec. 301. Supporting and retaining foster fami-lies for children. Sec. 302. Extension of child and family services programs. Sec. 303. Improvements to the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Pro-gram and related provisions. TITLE IV—CONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES TO PROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP Sec. 401. Reauthorizing adoption and legal guardianship incentive programs. TITLE V—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Sec. 501. Technical corrections to data ex-change standards to improve pro-gram coordination. Sec. 502. Technical corrections to State require-ment to address the developmental needs of young children. TITLE VI—ENSURING STATES REINVEST SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE Sec. 601. Delay of adoption assistance phase-in. Sec. 602. GAO study and report on State rein-vestment of savings resulting from increase in adoption assistance. TITLE I—INVESTING IN PREVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES 
SEC. 101. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to enable States to use Federal funds available under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide enhanced support to children and families and prevent foster care placements through the pro-vision of mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services, in-home par-ent skill-based programs, and kinship navigator services. Subtitle A—Prevention Activities Under Title IV–E 
SEC. 111. FOSTER CARE PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) S TATE OPTION .—Section 471 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and in-serting ‘‘, adoption assistance in accordance with section 473, and, at the option of the State, services or programs specified in subsection (e)(1) of this section for children who are can-didates for foster care or who are pregnant or parenting foster youth and the parents or kin caregivers of the children, in accordance with the requirements of that subsection;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
REVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES AND  P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the succeeding provisions of this subsection, the Secretary may make a payment to a State for providing the fol-lowing services or programs for a child described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.085 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4029 June 21, 2016 
in paragraph (2) and the parents or kin care-givers of the child when the need of the child, such a parent, or such a caregiver for the serv-ices or programs are directly related to the safe-ty, permanence, or well-being of the child or to preventing the child from entering foster care: ‘‘(A) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE  
PREVENTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES .—Mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services provided by a qualified clini-cian for not more than a 12-month period that begins on any date described in paragraph (3) with respect to the child. ‘‘(B) I
N-HOME PARENT SKILL -BASED PRO -
GRAMS .—In-home parent skill-based programs for not more than a 12-month period that begins on any date described in paragraph (3) with re-spect to the child and that include parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling. ‘‘(2) C
HILD DESCRIBED .—For purposes of para-graph (1), a child described in this paragraph is the following: ‘‘(A) A child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)) but can remain safely at home or in a kinship placement with receipt of services or programs specified in para-graph (1). ‘‘(B) A child in foster care who is a pregnant or parenting foster youth. ‘‘(3) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the dates described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under paragraph (4) as a child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)). ‘‘(B) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under paragraph (4) as a pregnant or parenting foster youth in need of services or programs specified in para-graph (1). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATED TO PROVIDING  
SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .—Services and pro-grams specified in paragraph (1) may be pro-vided under this subsection only if specified in advance in the child’s prevention plan described in subparagraph (A) and the requirements in subparagraphs (B) through (E) are met: ‘‘(A) P
REVENTION PLAN .—The State maintains a written prevention plan for the child that meets the following requirements (as applicable): ‘‘(i) C
ANDIDATES .—In the case of a child who is a candidate for foster care described in para-graph (2)(A), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) identify the foster care prevention strat-egy for the child so that the child may remain safely at home, live temporarily with a kin care-giver until reunification can be safely achieved, or live permanently with a kin caregiver; ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be pro-vided to or on behalf of the child to ensure the success of that prevention strategy; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(ii) P
REGNANT OR PARENTING FOSTER  
YOUTH .—In the case of a child who is a preg-nant or parenting foster youth described in paragraph (2)(B), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) be included in the child’s case plan re-quired under section 475(1); ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be pro-vided to or on behalf of the youth to ensure that the youth is prepared (in the case of a pregnant foster youth) or able (in the case of a parenting foster youth) to be a parent; ‘‘(III) describe the foster care prevention strat-egy for any child born to the youth; and ‘‘(IV) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(B) T
RAUMA -INFORMED .—The services or pro-grams to be provided to or on behalf of a child are provided under an organizational structure and treatment framework that involves under-standing, recognizing, and responding to the ef-fects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a trauma-informed approach and trauma-specific interventions to address trauma’s consequences and facilitate healing. ‘‘(C) ONLY SERVICES AND PROGRAMS PROVIDED  
IN ACCORDANCE WITH PROMISING , SUPPORTED , OR 
WELL -SUPPORTED PRACTICES PERMITTED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Only State expenditures for services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) that are provided in accordance with practices that meet the require-ments specified in clause (ii) of this subpara-graph and that meet the requirements specified in clause (iii), (iv), or (v), respectively, for being a promising, supported, or well-supported prac-tice, shall be eligible for a Federal matching payment under section 474(a)(6)(A). ‘‘(ii) G
ENERAL PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS .—The general practice requirements specified in this clause are the following: ‘‘(I) The practice has a book, manual, or other available writings that specify the components of the practice protocol and describe how to ad-minister the practice. ‘‘(II) There is no empirical basis suggesting that, compared to its likely benefits, the practice constitutes a risk of harm to those receiving it. ‘‘(III) If multiple outcome studies have been conducted, the overall weight of evidence sup-ports the benefits of the practice. ‘‘(IV) Outcome measures are reliable and valid, and are administrated consistently and accurately across all those receiving the prac-tice. ‘‘(V) There is no case data suggesting a risk of harm that was probably caused by the treatment and that was severe or frequent. ‘‘(iii) P
ROMISING PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘promising practice’ if the practice is superior to an appropriate compari-son practice using conventional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful improvements in validated measures of important child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safe-ty and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least 1 study that— ‘‘(I) was rated by an independent systematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; and ‘‘(II) utilized some form of control (such as an untreated group, a placebo group, or a wait list study). ‘‘(iv) S
UPPORTED PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘supported practice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appropriate comparison practice using conventional stand-ards of statistical significance (in terms of dem-onstrated meaningful improvements in validated measures of important child and parent out-comes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least 1 study that— ‘‘(aa) was rated by an independent systematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; ‘‘(bb) was a rigorous random-controlled trial (or, if not available, a study using a rigorous quasi-experimental research design); and ‘‘(cc) was carried out in a usual care or prac-tice setting; and ‘‘(II) the study described in subclause (I) es-tablished that the practice has a sustained ef-fect (when compared to a control group) for at least 6 months beyond the end of the treatment. ‘‘(v) W
ELL-SUPPORTED PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘well-supported prac-tice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appropriate comparison practice using conventional stand-ards of statistical significance (in terms of dem-onstrated meaningful improvements in validated measures of important child and parent out-comes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least 2 studies that— ‘‘(aa) were rated by an independent system-atic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be well-de-signed and well-executed; ‘‘(bb) were rigorous random-controlled trials (or, if not available, studies using a rigorous quasi-experimental research design); and ‘‘(cc) were carried out in a usual care or prac-tice setting; and ‘‘(II) at least 1 of the studies described in sub-clause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 1 year beyond the end of treatment. ‘‘(D) GUIDANCE ON PRACTICES CRITERIA AND  
PRE-APPROVED SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall issue guidance to States regarding the practices criteria required for services or programs to satisfy the require-ments of subparagraph (C). The guidance shall include a pre-approved list of services and pro-grams that satisfy the requirements. ‘‘(ii) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall issue up-dates to the guidance required by clause (i) as often as the Secretary determines necessary. ‘‘(E) O
UTCOME ASSESSMENT AND REPORTING .— The State shall collect and report to the Sec-retary the following information with respect to each child for whom, or on whose behalf mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or in-home parent skill-based programs are provided during a 12-month period beginning on the date the child is determined by the State to be a child described in paragraph (2): ‘‘(i) The specific services or programs provided and the total expenditures for each of the serv-ices or programs. ‘‘(ii) The duration of the services or programs provided. ‘‘(iii) In the case of a child described in para-graph (2)(A), the child’s placement status at the beginning, and at the end, of the 1-year period, respectively, and whether the child entered fos-ter care within 2 years after being determined a candidate for foster care. ‘‘(5) S
TATE PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State electing to provide services or programs specified in paragraph (1) shall submit as part of the State plan required by subsection (a) a prevention services and pro-grams plan component that meets the require-ments of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
REVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
PLAN COMPONENT .—In order to meet the require-ments of this subparagraph, a prevention serv-ices and programs plan component, with respect to each 5-year period for which the plan compo-nent is in operation in the State, shall include the following: ‘‘(i) How providing services and programs specified in paragraph (1) is expected to improve specific outcomes for children and families. ‘‘(ii) How the State will monitor and oversee the safety of children who receive services and programs specified in paragraph (1), including through periodic risk assessments throughout the period in which the services and programs are provided on behalf of a child and reexam-ination of the prevention plan maintained for the child under paragraph (4) for the provision of the services or programs if the State deter-mines the risk of the child entering foster care remains high despite the provision of the serv-ices or programs. ‘‘(iii) With respect to the services and pro-grams specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), information on the specific prom-ising, supported, or well-supported practices the State plans to use to provide the services or pro-grams, including a description of— ‘‘(I) the services or programs and whether the practices used are promising, supported, or well- supported; ‘‘(II) how the State plans to implement the services or programs, including how implemen-tation of the services or programs will be con-tinuously monitored to ensure fidelity to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4030 June 21, 2016 
practice model and to determine outcomes achieved and how information learned from the monitoring will be used to refine and improve practices; ‘‘(III) how the State selected the services or programs; ‘‘(IV) the target population for the services or programs; and ‘‘(V) how each service or program provided will be evaluated through a well-designed and rigorous process, which may consist of an ongo-ing, cross-site evaluation approved by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(iv) A description of the consultation that the State agencies responsible for administering the State plans under this part and part B en-gage in with other State agencies responsible for administering health programs, including men-tal health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services, and with other public and private agencies with experience in admin-istering child and family services, including community-based organizations, in order to fos-ter a continuum of care for children described in paragraph (2) and their parents or kin care-givers. ‘‘(v) A description of how the State shall as-sess children and their parents or kin caregivers to determine eligibility for services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(vi) A description of how the services or pro-grams specified in paragraph (1) that are pro-vided for or on behalf of a child and the parents or kin caregivers of the child will be coordinated with other child and family services provided to the child and the parents or kin caregivers of the child under the State plan under part B. ‘‘(vii) Descriptions of steps the State is taking to support and enhance a competent, skilled, and professional child welfare workforce to de-liver trauma-informed and evidence-based serv-ices, including— ‘‘(I) ensuring that staff is qualified to provide services or programs that are consistent with the promising, supported, or well-supported practice models selected; and ‘‘(II) developing appropriate prevention plans, and conducting the risk assessments required under clause (iii). ‘‘(viii) A description of how the State will pro-vide training and support for caseworkers in as-sessing what children and their families need, connecting to the families served, knowing how to access and deliver the needed trauma-in-formed and evidence-based services, and over-seeing and evaluating the continuing appro-priateness of the services. ‘‘(ix) A description of how caseload size and type for prevention caseworkers will be deter-mined, managed, and overseen. ‘‘(x) An assurance that the State will report to the Secretary such information and data as the Secretary may require with respect to the provi-sion of services and programs specified in para-graph (1), including information and data nec-essary to determine the performance measures for the State under paragraph (6) and compli-ance with paragraph (7). ‘‘(C) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR SERVICES UNDER  
THE PREVENTION PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-clause (ii), a State may not receive a Federal payment under this part for a given promising, supported, or well-supported practice unless (in accordance with subparagraph (B)(iii)(V)) the plan includes a well-designed and rigorous eval-uation strategy for that practice. ‘‘(ii) W
AIVER OF LIMITATION .—The Secretary may waive the requirement for a well-designed and rigorous evaluation of any well-supported practice if the Secretary deems the evidence of the effectiveness of the practice to be compelling and the State meets the continuous quality im-provement requirements included in subpara-graph (B)(iii)(II) with regard to the practice. ‘‘(6) P
REVENTION SERVICES MEASURES .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT ; ANNUAL UPDATES .—Be- ginning with fiscal year 2021, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall establish the fol-lowing prevention services measures based on information and data reported by States that elect to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1): ‘‘(i) PERCENTAGE OF CANDIDATES FOR FOSTER  
CARE WHO DO NOT ENTER FOSTER CARE .—The percentage of candidates for foster care for whom, or on whose behalf, the services or pro-grams are provided who do not enter foster care, including those placed with a kin caregiver out-side of foster care, during the 12-month period in which the services or programs are provided and through the end of the succeeding 12- month-period. ‘‘(ii) P
ER-CHILD SPENDING .—The total amount of expenditures made for mental health and sub-stance abuse prevention and treatment services or in-home parent skill-based programs, respec-tively, for, or on behalf of, each child described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) D
ATA.—The Secretary shall establish and annually update the prevention services meas-ures— ‘‘(i) based on the median State values of the information reported under each clause of sub-paragraph (A) for the 3 then most recent years; and ‘‘(ii) taking into account State differences in the price levels of consumption goods and serv-ices using the most recent regional price parities published by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce or such other data as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION OF STATE PREVENTION SERV -
ICES MEASURES .—The Secretary shall annually make available to the public the prevention services measures of each State. ‘‘(7) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT FOR STATE FOS -
TER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a State elects to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, the State foster care prevention expenditures for the fiscal year shall not be less than the amount of the expenditures for fiscal year 2014. ‘‘(B) S
TATE FOSTER CARE PREVENTION EXPEND -
ITURES .—The term ‘State foster care prevention expenditures’ means the following: ‘‘(i) TANF; 
IV–B; SSBG.—State expenditures for foster care prevention services and activities under the State program funded under part A (including from amounts made available by the Federal Government), under the State plan de-veloped under part B (including any such amounts), or under the Social Services Block Grant Programs under subtitle A of title XX (in-cluding any such amounts). ‘‘(ii) O
THER STATE PROGRAMS .—State expendi-tures for foster care prevention services and ac-tivities under any State program that is not de-scribed in clause (i) (other than any State ex-penditures for foster care prevention services and activities under the State program under this part (including under a waiver of the pro-gram)). ‘‘(C) S
TATE EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘State expenditures’ means all State or local funds that are expended by the State or a local agency in-cluding State or local funds that are matched or reimbursed by the Federal Government and State or local funds that are not matched or re-imbursed by the Federal Government. ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF PREVENTION SERVICES  
AND ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall require each State that elects to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1) to report the expenditures specified in subparagraph (B) for fiscal year 2014 and for such fiscal years thereafter as are necessary to determine whether the State is complying with the maintenance of effort requirement in subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall specify the specific services and activities under each program referred to in sub-paragraph (B) that are ‘prevention services and activities’ for purposes of the reports. ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST USE OF STATE FOS -
TER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES AND FED -ERAL IV -E PREVENTION FUNDS FOR MATCHING OR  
EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENT .—A State that elects to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1) shall not use any State foster care prevention expenditures for a fiscal year for the State share of expenditures under section 474(a)(6) for a fiscal year. ‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Expenditures described in section 474(a)(6)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall not be eligible for payment under subparagraph (A), (B), or (E) of section 474(a)(3); and ‘‘(B) shall be eligible for payment under sec-tion 474(a)(6)(B) without regard to whether the expenditures are incurred on behalf of a child who is, or is potentially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part. ‘‘(10) A
PPLICATION .—The provision of services or programs under this subsection to or on be-half of a child described in paragraph (2) shall not be considered to be receipt of aid or assist-ance under the State plan under this part for purposes of eligibility for any other program es-tablished under this Act.’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—Section 475 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) The term ‘child who is a candidate for foster care’ means, a child who is identified in a prevention plan under section 471(e)(4)(A) as being at imminent risk of entering foster care (without regard to whether the child would be eligible for foster care maintenance payments under section 472 or is or would be eligible for adoption assistance or kinship guardianship as-sistance payments under section 473) but who can remain safely in the child’s home or in a kinship placement as long as services or pro-grams specified in section 471(e)(1) that are nec-essary to prevent the entry of the child into fos-ter care are provided. The term includes a child whose adoption or guardianship arrangement is at risk of a disruption or dissolution that would result in a foster care placement.’’. (c) P
AYMENTS UNDER TITLE IV–E.—Section 474(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) subject to section 471(e)— ‘‘(A) for each quarter— ‘‘(i) subject to clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) beginning after September 30, 2019, and before October 1, 2025, an amount equal to 50 percent of the total amount expended during the quarter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported prac-tices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C); and ‘‘(II) beginning after September 30, 2025, an amount equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage (which shall be as defined in section 1905(b), in the case of a State other than the District of Columbia, or 70 percent, in the case of the District of Columbia) of the total amount expended during the quarter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported practices that meet the applica-ble criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C) (or, with respect to the payments made during the quarter under a cooperative agreement or contract entered into by the State and an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or trib-al consortium for the administration or payment of funds under this part, an amount equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage that would apply under section 479B(d) (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘tribal FMAP’) if the Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium made the payments under a program operated under that section, unless the tribal FMAP is less than the Federal medical assist-ance percentage that applies to the State); ex-cept that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4031 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(ii) not less than 50 percent of the total amount payable to a State under clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be for the provision of serv-ices or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with well-supported practices; plus ‘‘(B) for each quarter specified in subpara-graph (A), an amount equal to the sum of the following proportions of the total amount ex-pended during the quarter: ‘‘(i) 50 percent of so much of the expenditures as are found necessary by the Secretary for the proper and efficient administration of the State plan for the provision of services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1), including expendi-tures for activities approved by the Secretary that promote the development of necessary proc-esses and procedures to establish and implement the provision of the services and programs for individuals who are eligible for the services and programs and expenditures attributable to data collection and reporting; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of so much of the expenditures with respect to the provision of services and pro-grams specified in section 471(e)(1) as are for training of personnel employed or preparing for employment by the State agency or by the local agency administering the plan in the political subdivision and of the members of the staff of State-licensed or State-approved child welfare agencies providing services to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, including on how to determine who are individuals eligible for the services or pro-grams, how to identify and provide appropriate services and programs, and how to oversee and evaluate the ongoing appropriateness of the services and programs.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BESTPRAC-
TICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , AND DATACOLLECTION  
ANDEVALUATIONS .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BESTPRAC-
TICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , DATACOLLECTION , AND E
VALUATIONS RELATING TO PREVENTION SERV-
ICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BEST PRAC -
TICES .—The Secretary shall provide to States and, as applicable, to Indian tribes, tribal orga-nizations, and tribal consortia, technical assist-ance regarding the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and shall disseminate best practices with respect to the provision of the services and programs, includ-ing how to plan and implement a well-designed and rigorous evaluation of a promising, sup-ported, or well-supported practice. ‘‘(2) C
LEARINGHOUSE OF PROMISING , SUP-
PORTED , AND WELL -SUPPORTED PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall, directly or through grants, con-tracts, or interagency agreements, evaluate re-search on the practices specified in clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), respectively, of section 471(e)(4)(C), and programs that meet the requirements de-scribed in section 427(a)(1), including culturally specific, or location- or population-based adap-tations of the practices, to identify and establish a public clearinghouse of the practices that sat-isfy each category described by such clauses. In addition, the clearinghouse shall include infor-mation on the specific outcomes associated with each practice, including whether the practice has been shown to prevent child abuse and ne-glect and reduce the likelihood of foster care placement by supporting birth families and kin-ship families and improving targeted supports for pregnant and parenting youth and their children. ‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION AND EVALUATIONS .— The Secretary, directly or through grants, con-tracts, or interagency agreements, may collect data and conduct evaluations with respect to the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) for purposes of assessing the extent to which the provision of the services and programs— ‘‘(A) reduces the likelihood of foster care placement; ‘‘(B) increases use of kinship care arrange-ments; or ‘‘(C) improves child well-being. ‘‘(4) REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives periodic reports based on the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and the activities carried out under this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the reports to Congress submitted under this paragraph publicly available. ‘‘(5) A
PPROPRIATION .—Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there is appropriated to the Sec-retary $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter to carry out this sub-section.’’. (e) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  I
NDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (I) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (II) in subclause (III), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) at the option of the tribe, organization, or consortium, services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) to children described in sec-tion 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin care-givers, in accordance with section 471(e) and subparagraph (E).’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) P
REVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
FOR CHILDREN AND THEIR PARENTS AND KIN  
CAREGIVERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a tribe, orga-nization, or consortium that elects to provide services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers under the plan, the Secretary shall specify the requirements applicable to the provision of the services and programs. The requirements shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be consistent with the requirements applicable to States under section 471(e) and shall permit the provision of the services and programs in the form of services and programs that are adapted to the culture and context of the tribal communities served. ‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Secretary shall establish specific performance measures for each tribe, organization, or consortium that elects to provide services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1). The performance measures shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be con-sistent with the prevention services measures re-quired for States under section 471(e)(6) but shall allow for consideration of factors unique to the provision of the services by tribes, organi-zations, or consortia.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), and (6)(A)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for subsection (d) of section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended by striking ‘‘
FORFOS-
TERCAREMAINTENANCE AND ADOPTION ASSIST-
ANCE PAYMENTS ’’. 
SEC. 112. FOSTER CARE MAINTENANCE PAY-MENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH PAR-ENTS IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY-BASED TREATMENT FACIL-ITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 672) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘, with a parent residing in a li-censed residential family-based treatment facil-ity, but only to the extent permitted under sub-section (j), or in a’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
HILDREN PLACED WITH A PARENT RESID-
ING IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY -BASED  T
REATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the pre-ceding provisions of this section, a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this section, or who would be eligible for the payments if the eligibility were determined without regard to paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a), shall be eligible for the payments for a period of not more than 12 months during which the child is placed with a parent who is in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse, but only if— ‘‘(A) the recommendation for the placement is specified in the child’s case plan before the placement; ‘‘(B) the treatment facility provides, as part of the treatment for substance abuse, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling; and ‘‘(C) the substance abuse treatment, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling is provided under an or-ganizational structure and treatment framework that involves understanding, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a trauma-informed approach and trauma-spe-cific interventions to address the consequences of trauma and facilitate healing. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—With respect to children for whom foster care maintenance payments are made under paragraph (1), only the children who satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) shall be consid-ered to be children with respect to whom foster care maintenance payments are made under this section for purposes of subsection (h) or section 473(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subject to section 472(j),’’ before ‘‘an amount equal to the Federal’’ the 1st place it appears. 
SEC. 113. TITLE IV–E PAYMENTS FOR EVIDENCE- BASED KINSHIP NAVIGATOR PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 474(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)), as amended by section 111(c), is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) an amount equal to 50 percent of the amounts expended by the State during the quar-ter as the Secretary determines are for kinship navigator programs that meet the requirements described in section 427(a)(1) and that the Sec-retary determines are operated in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported practices that meet the applicable criteria speci-fied for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C), without regard to whether the expenditures are incurred on behalf of children who are, or are potentially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part.’’. Subtitle B—Enhanced Support Under Title IV–B 
SEC. 121. ELIMINATION OF TIME LIMIT FOR FAM-ILY REUNIFICATION SERVICES WHILE IN FOSTER CARE AND PER-MITTING TIME-LIMITED FAMILY RE-UNIFICATION SERVICES WHEN A CHILD RETURNS HOME FROM FOS-TER CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 431(a)(7) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)(7)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘T
IME-LIMITED FAMILY ’’ and inserting ‘‘F AM-
ILY’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘time-limited family’’ and in-serting ‘‘family’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘or a child who has been re-turned home’’ after ‘‘child care institution’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, but only during the 15- month period that begins on the date that the child, pursuant to section 475(5)(F), is consid-ered to have entered foster care’’ and inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4032 June 21, 2016 
‘‘and to ensure the strength and stability of the reunification. In the case of a child who has been returned home, the services and activities shall only be provided during the 15-month pe-riod that begins on the date that the child re-turns home’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 430 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘time-limited’’. (2) Subsections (a)(4), (a)(5)(A), and (b)(1) of section 432 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629b) are amended by striking ‘‘time-limited’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 122. REDUCING BUREAUCRACY AND UNNEC-ESSARY DELAYS WHEN PLACING CHILDREN IN HOMES ACROSS STATE LINES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and insert ‘‘pro-vides’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, which, not later than Octo-ber 1, 2026, shall include the use of an electronic interstate case-processing system’’ before the 1st semicolon. (b) G
RANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING SYS-
TEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OFCHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR GUARDIANSHIP , 
OR FOR ADOPTION .—Section 437 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) G
RANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING SYS-
TEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OFCHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR GUARDIANSHIP , 
OR FOR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this subsection is to facilitate the development of an electronic interstate case-processing system for the ex-change of data and documents to expedite the placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive homes across State lines. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—A State that desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application con-taining the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the goals and outcomes to be achieved during the period for which grant funds are sought, which goals and outcomes must result in— ‘‘(i) reducing the time it takes for a child to be provided with a safe and appropriate permanent living arrangement across State lines; ‘‘(ii) improving administrative processes and reducing costs in the foster care system; and ‘‘(iii) the secure exchange of relevant case files and other necessary materials in real time, and timely communications and placement deci-sions regarding interstate placements of chil-dren. ‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be fund-ed in whole or in part with the grant funds, in-cluding the sequencing of the activities. ‘‘(C) A description of the strategies for inte-grating programs and services for children who are placed across State lines. ‘‘(D) Such other information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may make a grant to a State that complies with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State to which a grant is made under this subsection shall use the grant to support the State in connecting with the electronic interstate case-processing system described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) E
VALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the final year in which grants are award-ed under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to the general public by posting on a website, a re-port that contains the following information: ‘‘(A) How using the electronic interstate case- processing system developed pursuant to para-graph (4) has changed the time it takes for chil-dren to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(B) The number of cases subject to the Inter-state Compact on the Placement of Children that were processed through the electronic inter-state case-processing system, and the number of interstate child placement cases that were proc-essed outside the electronic interstate case-proc-essing system, by each State in each year. ‘‘(C) The progress made by States in imple-menting the electronic interstate case-processing system. ‘‘(D) How using the electronic interstate case- processing system has affected various metrics related to child safety and well-being, including the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(E) How using the electronic interstate case- processing system has affected administrative costs and caseworker time spent on placing chil-dren across State lines. ‘‘(6) DATA INTEGRATION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretariat for the Inter-state Compact on the Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the electronic inter-state case-processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that come to the attention of the child welfare system, by— ‘‘(A) connecting the system with other data systems (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and judicial agencies, systems oper-ated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the Innocence Lost National Ini-tiative, and other systems); ‘‘(B) simplifying and improving reporting re-lated to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding children or youth who have been identified as being a sex trafficking victim or children missing from foster care; and ‘‘(C) improving the ability of States to quickly comply with background check requirements of section 471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect registries as required by sec-tion 471(a)(20)(B).’’. (c) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS TO IMPROVE THE  I
NTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN .—Section 437(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) I
MPROVING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OF CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available for fis-cal year 2017 for grants under subsection (g), and the amount so reserved shall remain avail-able through fiscal year 2021.’’. 
SEC. 123. ENHANCEMENTS TO GRANTS TO IM-PROVE WELL-BEING OF FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
Section 437(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
N-
CREASE THE WELL-BEING OF , ANDTOIMPROVE  
THEPERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AF-
FECTED BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘I MPLEMENT IV-E P
REVENTION SERVICES , ANDIMPROVE THE WELL- 
BEING OF , ANDIMPROVE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES  
FOR, CHILDREN AND FAMILIES AFFECTED BY  H
EROIN , OPIOIDS , ANDOTHER’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EGIONAL PARTNERSHIP DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘regional partnership’ means a collaborative agreement (which may be established on an interstate, State, or intrastate basis) entered into by the following: ‘‘(A) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR ALL PARTNER -
SHIP GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) The State child welfare agency that is re-sponsible for the administration of the State plan under this part and part E. ‘‘(ii) The State agency responsible for admin-istering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant provided under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Serv-ice Act. ‘‘(B) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR PARTNERSHIP  
GRANTS PROPOSING TO SERVE CHILDREN IN OUT - 
OF-HOME PLACEMENTS .—If the partnership pro-poses to serve children in out-of-home place-ments, the Juvenile Court or Administrative Of-fice of the Court that is most appropriate to oversee the administration of court programs in the region to address the population of families who come to the attention of the court due to child abuse or neglect. ‘‘(C) OPTIONAL PARTNERS .—At the option of the partnership, any of the following: ‘‘(i) An Indian tribe or tribal consortium. ‘‘(ii) Nonprofit child welfare service providers. ‘‘(iii) For-profit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iv) Community health service providers, in-cluding substance abuse treatment providers. ‘‘(v) Community mental health providers. ‘‘(vi) Local law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(vii) School personnel. ‘‘(viii) Tribal child welfare agencies (or a con-sortia of the agencies). ‘‘(ix) Any other providers, agencies, per-sonnel, officials, or entities that are related to the provision of child and family services under a State plan approved under this subpart. ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION FOR REGIONAL PARTNERSHIPS  
WHERE THE LEAD APPLICANT IS AN INDIAN TRIBE  
OR TRIBAL CONSORTIA .—If an Indian tribe or tribal consortium enters into a regional partner-ship for purposes of this subsection, the Indian tribe or tribal consortium— ‘‘(i) may (but is not required to) include the State child welfare agency as a partner in the collaborative agreement; ‘‘(ii) may not enter into a collaborative agree-ment only with tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies); and ‘‘(iii) if the condition described in paragraph (2)(B) applies, may include tribal court organi-zations in lieu of other judicial partners.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by inserting ‘‘; 
PLANNING ’’ after ‘‘ APPROVAL ’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) S
UFFICIENT PLANNING .—A grant awarded under this subsection shall be disbursed in 2 phases: a planning phase (not to exceed 2 years); and an implementation phase. The total disbursement to a grantee for the planning phase may not exceed $250,000, and may not ex-ceed the total anticipated funding for the imple-mentation phase.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR A FISCAL  
YEAR.—No payment shall be made under sub-paragraph (A) or (C) for a fiscal year until the Secretary determines that the eligible partner-ship has made sufficient progress in meeting the goals of the grant and that the members of the eligible partnership are coordinating to a rea-sonable degree with the other members of the el-igible partnership.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, parents, and families’’ after ‘‘children’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘safety and per-manence for such children; and’’ and inserting ‘‘safe, permanent caregiving relationships for the children;’’; (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ and in-serting ‘‘increase reunification rates for children who have been placed in out of home care, or decrease’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v) and inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) improve the substance abuse treatment outcomes for parents including retention in treatment and successful completion of treat-ment; ‘‘(iv) facilitate the implementation, delivery, and effectiveness of prevention services and pro-grams under section 471(e); and’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4033 June 21, 2016 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘where appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A description of a plan for sustaining the services provided by or activities funded under the grant after the conclusion of the grant pe-riod, including through the use of prevention services and programs under section 471(e) and other funds provided to the State for child wel-fare and substance abuse prevention and treat-ment services. ‘‘(F) Additional information needed by the Secretary to determine that the proposed activi-ties and implementation will be consistent with research or evaluations showing which practices and approaches are most effective.’’; (5) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse treatment’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treat-ment including medication assisted treatment and in-home substance abuse disorder treatment and recovery’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-paragraph (E) and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) demonstrate a track record of successful collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment and mental health agencies; and’’; (7) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish indicators that will be’’ and inserting ‘‘review indicators that are’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in using funds made available under such grants to achieve the purpose of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘and establish a set of core indicators related to child safety, paren-tal recovery, parenting capacity, and family well-being. In developing the core indicators, to the extent possible, indicators shall be made consistent with the outcome measures described in section 471(e)(6)’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘base the performance measures on les-sons learned from prior rounds of regional part-nership grants under this subsection, and’’ be-fore ‘‘consult’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) Other stakeholders or constituencies as determined by the Secretary.’’; (8) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year in which a re-cipient of a grant under this subsection is paid funds under the grant, and every 6 months thereafter, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the services provided and activities carried out during the reporting period, progress made in achieving the goals of the program, the number of children, adults, and families receiving services, and such addi-tional information as the Secretary determines is necessary. The report due not later than Sep-tember 30 of the last such fiscal year shall in-clude, at a minimum, data on each of the per-formance indicators included in the evaluation of the regional partnership.’’; and (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 131. REVIEWING AND IMPROVING LICENSING STANDARDS FOR PLACEMENT IN A RELATIVE FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF REPUTABLE MODEL LI-
CENSING STANDARDS .—Not later than October 1, 2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall identify reputable model licensing standards with respect to the licensing of foster family homes (as defined in section 472(c)(1) of the Social Security Act). (b) STATE PLANREQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (34)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (35)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) provides that, not later than April 1, 2018, the State shall submit to the Secretary in-formation addressing— ‘‘(A) whether the State licensing standards are in accord with model standards identified by the Secretary, and if not, the reason for the spe-cific deviation and a description as to why hav-ing a standard that is reasonably in accord with the corresponding national model standards is not appropriate for the State; ‘‘(B) whether the State has elected to waive standards established in 471(a)(10)(A) for rel-ative foster family homes (pursuant to waiver authority provided by 471(a)(10)(D)), a descrip-tion of which standards the State most com-monly waives, and if the State has not elected to waive the standards, the reason for not waiving these standards; ‘‘(C) if the State has elected to waive stand-ards specified in subparagraph (B), how case-workers are trained to use the waiver authority and whether the State has developed a process or provided tools to assist caseworkers in waiving nonsafety standards per the authority provided in 471(a)(10)(D) to quickly place chil-dren with relatives; and ‘‘(D) a description of the steps the State is taking to improve caseworker training or the process, if any; and’’. 
SEC. 132. DEVELOPMENT OF A STATEWIDE PLAN TO PREVENT CHILD ABUSE AND NE-GLECT FATALITIES. 
Section 422(b)(19) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(19)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(19) document steps taken to track and pre-vent child maltreatment deaths by including— ‘‘(A) a description of the steps the State is taking to compile complete and accurate infor-mation on the deaths required by Federal law to be reported by the State agency referred to in paragraph (1), including gathering relevant in-formation on the deaths from the relevant orga-nizations in the State including entities such as State vital statistics department, child death re-view teams, law enforcement agencies, offices of medical examiners or coroners; and ‘‘(B) a description of the steps the state is tak-ing to develop and implement of a comprehen-sive, statewide plan to prevent the fatalities that involves and engages relevant public and pri-vate agency partners, including those in public health, law enforcement, and the courts.’’. 
SEC. 133. MODERNIZING THE TITLE AND PUR-POSE OF TITLE IV–E. 
(a) P ARTHEADING .—The heading for part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART E—FEDERAL PAYMENTS FOR FOS-TER CARE, PREVENTION, AND PERMA-NENCY’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The 1st sentence of section 470 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 670) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1995) and’’ and inserting ‘‘1995),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘kinship guardianship assist-ance, and prevention services or programs speci-fied in section 471(e)(1),’’ after ‘‘needs,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘(commencing with the fiscal year which begins October 1, 1980)’’. 
SEC. 134. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), subject to subsection (b), the amend-ments made by this title shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2016. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The amendments made by sections 131 and 133 shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) TRANSITION RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legis-lation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the addi-tional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this title, the State plan shall not be re-garded as failing to comply with the require-ments of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such additional re-quirements before the first day of the first cal-endar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative ses-sion, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legisla-ture. (2) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this title (whether the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Secretary shall provide the tribe, or-ganization, or tribal consortium with such addi-tional time as the Secretary determines is nec-essary for the tribe, organization, or tribal con-sortium to take the action to comply with the additional requirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. TITLE II—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A PLACEMENT THAT IS NOT IN A FOSTER FAMILY HOME 
SEC. 201. LIMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THAT ARE NOT IN FOSTER FAMILY HOMES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-
TICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 672), as amended by sec-tion 112, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (k)’’ after ‘‘institution’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-
TICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with the third week for which foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under this section on behalf of a child placed in a child-care institution, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child unless— ‘‘(A) the child is placed in a child-care institu-tion that is a setting specified in paragraph (2) (or is placed in a licensed residential family- based treatment facility consistent with sub-section (j)); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a child placed in a quali-fied residential treatment program (as defined in paragraph (4)), the requirements specified in paragraph (3) and section 475A(c) are met. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SETTINGS FOR PLACEMENT .— The settings for placement specified in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) A qualified residential treatment pro-gram (as defined in paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) A setting specializing in providing pre-natal, post-partum, or parenting supports for youth. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, a supervised setting in which the child is living independently. ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT TO DETERMINE APPROPRIATE -
NESS OF PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL  
TREATMENT PROGRAM .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4034 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(A) D EADLINE FOR ASSESSMENT .—In the case of a child who is placed in a qualified residen-tial treatment program, if the assessment re-quired under section 475A(c)(1) is not completed within 30 days after the placement is made, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for any amounts ex-pended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child during the placement. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE FOR TRANSITION OUT OF PLACE -
MENT .—If the assessment required under section 475A(c)(1) determines that the placement of a child in a qualified residential treatment pro-gram is not appropriate, a court disapproves such a placement under section 475A(c)(2), or a child who has been in an approved placement in a qualified residential treatment program is going to return home or be placed with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adop-tive parent, or in a foster family home, Federal payments shall be made to the State under sec-tion 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child while the child remains in the qualified residential treatment program only during the period necessary for the child to transition home or to such a placement. In no event shall a State receive Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care mainte-nance payments on behalf of a child who re-mains placed in a qualified residential treatment program after the end of the 30-day period that begins on the date a determination is made that the placement is no longer the recommended or approved placement for the child. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PRO -
GRAM .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘qualified residential treatment program’ means a program that— ‘‘(A) has a trauma-informed treatment model that is designed to address the needs, including clinical needs as appropriate, of children with serious emotional or behavioral disorders or dis-turbances and, with respect to a child, is able to implement the treatment identified for the child by the assessment of the child required under section 475A(c); ‘‘(B) has registered or licensed nursing staff and other licensed clinical staff who— ‘‘(i) provide care within the scope of their practice as defined by State law; ‘‘(ii) are on-site during business hours; and ‘‘(iii) are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week; ‘‘(C) to extent appropriate, and in accordance with the child’s best interests, facilitates partici-pation of family members in the child’s treat-ment program; ‘‘(D) facilitates outreach to the family mem-bers of the child, including siblings, documents how the outreach is made (including contact in-formation), and maintains contact information for any known biological family and fictive kin of the child; ‘‘(E) documents how family members are inte-grated into the treatment process for the child, including post-discharge, and how sibling con-nections are maintained; ‘‘(F) provides discharge planning and family- based aftercare support for at least 6 months post-discharge; and ‘‘(G) is licensed in accordance with section 471(a)(10) and is accredited by any of the fol-lowing independent, not-for-profit organiza-tions: ‘‘(i) The Commission on Accreditation of Re-habilitation Facilities (CARF). ‘‘(ii) The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). ‘‘(iii) The Council on Accreditation (COA). ‘‘(iv) Any other independent, not-for-profit accrediting organization approved by the Sec-retary.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)), as amended by section 112(b), is amended by striking ‘‘section 472(j)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsections (j) and (k) of section 472’’. (b) DEFINITION OF FOSTER FAMILY HOME, C
HILD-CARE INSTITUTION .—Section 472(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 672(c)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) F
OSTER FAMILY HOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foster family home’ means the home of an individual or fam-ily— ‘‘(i) that is licensed or approved by the State in which it is situated as a foster family home that meets the standards established for the li-censing or approval; and ‘‘(ii) in which a child in foster care has been placed in the care of an individual, who resides with the child and who has been licensed or ap-proved by the State to be a foster parent— ‘‘(I) that the State deems capable of adhering to the reasonable and prudent parent standard; ‘‘(II) that provides 24-hour substitute care for children placed away from their parents or other caretakers; and ‘‘(III) that provides the care for not more than 6 children in foster care. ‘‘(B) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY .—The number of fos-ter children that may be cared for in a home under subparagraph (A) may exceed the numer-ical limitation in subparagraph (A)(ii)(III), at the option of the State, for any of the following reasons: ‘‘(i) To allow a parenting youth in foster care to remain with the child of the parenting youth. ‘‘(ii) To allow siblings to remain together. ‘‘(iii) To allow a child with an established meaningful relationship with the family to re-main with the family. ‘‘(iv) To allow a family with special training or skills to provide care to a child who has a se-vere disability. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not be construed as prohibiting a foster parent from renting the home in which the par-ent cares for a foster child placed in the par-ent’s care. ‘‘(2) C
HILD-CARE INSTITUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘child-care insti-tution’ means a private child-care institution, or a public child-care institution which accommo-dates no more than 25 children, which is li-censed by the State in which it is situated or has been approved by the agency of the State re-sponsible for licensing or approval of institu-tions of this type as meeting the standards es-tablished for the licensing. ‘‘(B) S
UPERVISED SETTINGS .—In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, the term shall include a supervised setting in which the individual is living independently, in accord-ance with such conditions as the Secretary shall establish in regulations. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term shall not include detention facilities, forestry camps, training schools, or any other facility operated primarily for the detention of children who are determined to be delinquent.’’. (c) T
RAINING FOR STATE JUDGES , ATTORNEYS , 
AND OTHER LEGAL PERSONNEL IN CHILD WEL-
FARE CASES.—Section 438(b)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(b)(1)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘shall provide for the training of judges, attorneys, and other legal personnel in child welfare cases on Federal child welfare policies and payment limitations with respect to children in foster care who are placed in settings that are not a foster family home,’’ after ‘‘with respect to the child,’’. (d) A
SSURANCE OF NONIMPACT ON JUVENILE  J
USTICE SYSTEM .— (1) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)), as amended by section 131, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(37) includes a certification that, in response to the limitation imposed under section 472(k) with respect to foster care maintenance pay-ments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, the State will not enact or advance policies or prac-tices that would result in a significant increase in the population of youth in the State’s juve-nile justice system.’’. (2) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate the impact, if any, on State juvenile justice systems of the limitation imposed under section 472(k) of the Social Security Act (as added by section 201(a)(1)) on foster care maintenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, in ac-cordance with the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) of this section. In par-ticular, the Comptroller General shall evaluate the extent to which children in foster care who also are subject to the juvenile justice system of the State are placed in a facility under the juris-diction of the juvenile justice system and wheth-er the lack of available congregate care place-ments under the jurisdiction of the child welfare systems is a contributing factor to that result. Not later than December 31, 2023, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the evaluation. 
SEC. 202. ASSESSMENT AND DOCUMENTATION OF THE NEED FOR PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREAT-MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 475A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
SSESSMENT , DOCUMENTATION , ANDJUDI-
CIAL DETERMINATION REQUIREMENTS FOR  P
LACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREAT-
MENT PROGRAM .—In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program (as defined in section 472(k)(4)), the following requirements shall apply for purposes of approving the case plan for the child and the case system review procedure for the child: ‘‘(1)(A) Within 30 days of the start of each placement in such a setting, a qualified indi-vidual (as defined in subparagraph (D)) shall— ‘‘(i) assess the strengths and needs of the child using an age-appropriate, evidence-based, validated, functional assessment tool approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) determine whether the needs of the child can be met with family members or through placement in a foster family home or, if not, which setting from among the settings specified in section 472(k)(2) would provide the most ef-fective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and be consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(iii) develop a list of child-specific short- and long-term mental and behavioral health goals. ‘‘(B)(i) The State shall assemble a family and permanency team for the child in accordance with the requirements of clauses (ii) and (iii). The qualified individual conducting the assess-ment required under subparagraph (A) shall work in conjunction with the family of, and per-manency team for, the child while conducting and making the assessment. ‘‘(ii) The family and permanency team shall consist of all appropriate biological family mem-bers, relative, and fictive kin of the child, as well as, as appropriate, professionals who are a resource to the family of the child, such as teachers, medical or mental health providers who have treated the child, or clergy. In the case of a child who has attained age 14, the family and permanency team shall include the members of the permanency planning team for the child that are selected by the child in ac-cordance with section 475(5)(C)(iv). ‘‘(iii) The State shall document in the child’s case plan— ‘‘(I) the reasonable and good faith effort of the State to identify and include all such indi-viduals on the family of, and permanency team for, the child; ‘‘(II) all contact information for members of the family and permanency team, as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4035 June 21, 2016 
contact information for other family members and fictive kin who are not part of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(III) evidence that meetings of the family and permanency team, including meetings relat-ing to the assessment required under subpara-graph (A), are held at a time and place conven-ient for family; ‘‘(IV) if reunification is the goal, evidence demonstrating that the parent from whom the child was removed provided input on the mem-bers of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(V) evidence that the assessment required under subparagraph (A) is determined in con-junction with the family and permanency team; and ‘‘(VI) the placement preferences of the family and permanency team relative to the assessment and, if the placement preferences of the family and permanency team and child are not the placement setting recommended by the qualified individual conducting the assessment under subparagraph (A), the reasons why the pref-erences of the team and of the child were not recommended. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who the qualified individual conducting the assessment under subparagraph (A) determines should not be placed in a foster family home, the qualified in-dividual shall specify in writing the reasons why the needs of the child cannot be met by the family of the child or in a foster family home. A shortage or lack of foster family homes shall not be an acceptable reason for determining that a needs of the child cannot be met in a foster fam-ily home. The qualified individual also shall specify in writing why the recommended place-ment in a qualified residential treatment pro-gram is the setting that will provide the child with the most effective and appropriate level of care in the least restrictive environment and how that placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child. ‘‘(D)(i) Subject to clause (ii), in this sub-section, the term ‘qualified individual’ means a trained professional or licensed clinician who is not an employee of the State agency and who is not connected to, or affiliated with, any place-ment setting in which children are placed by the State. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may approve a request of a State to waive any requirement in clause (i) upon a submission by the State, in accordance with criteria established by the Secretary, that certifies that the trained professionals or li-censed clinicians with responsibility for per-forming the assessments described in subpara-graph (A) shall maintain objectivity with re-spect to determining the most effective and ap-propriate placement for a child. ‘‘(2) Within 60 days of the start of each place-ment in a qualified residential treatment pro-gram, a family or juvenile court or another court (including a tribal court) of competent ju-risdiction, or an administrative body appointed or approved by the court, independently, shall— ‘‘(A) consider the assessment, determination, and documentation made by the qualified indi-vidual conducting the assessment under para-graph (1); ‘‘(B) determine whether the needs of the child can be met through placement in a foster family home or, if not, whether placement of the child in a qualified residential treatment program pro-vides the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environ-ment and whether that placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(C) approve or disapprove the placement. ‘‘(3) The written documentation made under paragraph (1)(C) and documentation of the de-termination and approval or disapproval of the placement in a qualified residential treatment program by a court or administrative body under paragraph (2) shall be included in and made part of the case plan for the child. ‘‘(4) As long as a child remains placed in a qualified residential treatment program, the State agency shall submit evidence at each sta-tus review and each permanency hearing held with respect to the child— ‘‘(A) demonstrating that ongoing assessment of the strengths and needs of the child con-tinues to support the determination that the needs of the child cannot be met through place-ment in a foster family home, that the placement in a qualified residential treatment program pro-vides the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environ-ment, and that the placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; ‘‘(B) documenting the specific treatment or service needs that will be met for the child in the placement and the length of time the child is ex-pected to need the treatment or services; and ‘‘(C) documenting the efforts made by the State agency to prepare the child to return home or to be placed with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive parent, or in a foster family home. ‘‘(5) In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program for more than 12 consecutive months or 18 non-consecutive months (or, in the case of a child who has not attained age 13, for more than 6 consecutive or nonconsecutive months), the State agency shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) the most recent versions of the evidence and documentation specified in paragraph (4); and ‘‘(B) the signed approval of the head of the State agency for the continued placement of the child in that setting.’’. 
SEC. 203. PROTOCOLS TO PREVENT INAPPRO-PRIATE DIAGNOSES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 422(b)(15)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(15)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the following: ‘‘(vii) the procedures and protocols the State has established to ensure that children in foster care placements are not inappropriately diag-nosed with mental illness, other emotional or be-havioral disorders, medically fragile conditions, or developmental disabilities, and placed in set-tings that are not foster family homes as a result of the inappropriate diagnoses; and’’. (b) E
VALUATION .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676), as amended by section 111(d), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF STATE PROCEDURES AND  P
ROTOCOLS TOPREVENT INAPPROPRIATE DIAG-
NOSES OF MENTAL ILLNESS OR OTHER CONDI-
TIONS .—The Secretary shall conduct an evalua-tion of the procedures and protocols established by States in accordance with the requirements of section 422(b)(15)(A)(vii). The evaluation shall analyze the extent to which States comply with and enforce the procedures and protocols and the effectiveness of various State procedures and protocols and shall identify best practices. Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit a report on the results of the eval-uation to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 204. ADDITIONAL DATA AND REPORTS RE-GARDING CHILDREN PLACED IN A SETTING THAT IS NOT A FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
Section 479A(a)(7)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 679b(a)(7)(A)) is amended by striking clauses (i) through (vi) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) with respect to each such placement— ‘‘(I) the type of the placement setting, includ-ing whether the placement is shelter care, a group home and if so, the range of the child population in the home, a residential treatment facility, a hospital or institution providing med-ical, rehabilitative, or psychiatric care, a setting specializing in providing prenatal, post-partum or parenting supports, or some other kind of child-care institution and if so, what kind; ‘‘(II) the number of children in the placement setting and the age, race, ethnicity, and gender of each of the children; ‘‘(III) for each child in the placement setting, the length of the placement of the child in the setting, whether the placement of the child in the setting is the first placement of the child and if not, the number and type of previous placements of the child, and whether the child has special needs or another diagnosed mental or physical illness or condition; and ‘‘(IV) the extent of any specialized education, treatment, counseling, or other services provided in the setting; and ‘‘(ii) separately, the number and ages of chil-dren in the placements who have a permanency plan of another planned permanent living ar-rangement; and’’. SEC. 205. EFFECTIVE DATES; APPLICATION TO WAIVERS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and subsections (b) and (c), the amendments made by this title shall take effect on October 1, 2016. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legis-lation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the addi-tional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this title, the State plan shall not be re-garded as failing to comply with the require-ments of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet the additional re-quirements before the first day of the first cal-endar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative ses-sion, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legisla-ture. (b) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-
TICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THATARENOT IN  F
OSTER FAMILY HOMES AND RELATED PROVI-
SIONS .—The amendments made by sections 201(a), 201(b), 201(d), and 202 shall take effect on October 1, 2019. (c) A
PPLICATION TO STATES WITHWAIVERS .— In the case of a State that, on the date of enact-ment of this Act, has in effect a waiver ap-proved under section 1130 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-9), the amendments made by this title shall not apply with respect to the State before the expiration (determined without regard to any extensions) of the waiver to the extent the amendments are inconsistent with the terms of the waiver. TITLE III—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES 
SEC. 301. SUPPORTING AND RETAINING FOSTER FAMILIES FOR CHILDREN. 
(a) S UPPORTING AND RETAINING FOSTER PAR-
ENTS AS A FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICE .—Section 431(a)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 631(a)(2)(B)) is amended by redesignating clauses (iii) through (vi) as clauses (iv) through (vii), respectively, and inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) To support and retain foster families so they can provide quality family-based settings for children in foster care.’’. (b) S
UPPORT FOR FOSTER FAMILY HOMES .— Section 436 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
UPPORT FOR FOSTER FAMILY HOMES .— Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there are ap-propriated to the Secretary for fiscal year 2018, $8,000,000 for the Secretary to make competitive grants to States, Indian tribes, or tribal con-sortia to support the recruitment and retention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4036 June 21, 2016 
of high-quality foster families to increase their capacity to place more children in family set-tings, focused on States, Indian tribes, or tribal consortia with the highest percentage of chil-dren in non-family settings. The amount appro-priated under this subparagraph shall remain available through fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF STEPHANIE TUBBS JONES C
HILD WELFARE SERVICES PROGRAM .—Section 425 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 625) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF PROMOTING SAFE AND STA-
BLEFAMILIES PROGRAM AUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 436(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f(a)) is amended by striking all that follows ‘‘$345,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (2) D
ISCRETIONARY GRANTS .—Section 437(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF FUNDING RESERVATIONS FOR  M
ONTHLY CASEWORKER VISITS AND REGIONAL  P
ARTNERSHIP GRANTS .—Section 436(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (d) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF FUNDING FOR STATE C
OURTS .— (1) E
XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 438(c)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (2) E
XTENSION OF FEDERAL SHARE .—Section 438(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(d)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (e) R
EPEAL OF EXPIRED PROVISIONS .—Section 438(e) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(e)) is repealed. 
SEC. 303. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE JOHN H. CHAFEE FOSTER CARE INDEPEND-ENCE PROGRAM AND RELATED PRO-VISIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO SERVE FORMER FOSTER  Y
OUTH UPTOAGE23.—Section 477 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 677) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by inserting ‘‘(or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a cer-tification under subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii) to pro-vide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with such subsection)’’ after ‘‘21 years of age’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘A certification’’; (B) by striking ‘‘children who have left foster care’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of fos-ter care and have not attained 21 years of age.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) If the State has elected under section 475(8)(B) to extend eligibility for foster care to all children who have not attained 21 years of age, or if the Secretary determines that the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under this part and part B uses State funds or any other funds not provided under this part to provide services and assistance for youths who have aged out of foster care that are comparable to the services and assistance the youths would receive if the State had made such an election, the certification required under clause (i) may provide that the State will provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not at-tained 23 years of age.’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘chil-dren who have left foster care’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age (or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certification under subparagraph (A)(i) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accord-ance with subparagraph (A)(ii)).’’. (b) AUTHORITY TO REDISTRIBUTE UNSPENT  F
UNDS.—Section 477(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or does not expend allocated funds within the time period specified under section 477(d)(3)’’ after ‘‘pro-vided by the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNEXPENDED  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—To the ex-tent that amounts paid to States under this sec-tion in a fiscal year remain unexpended by the States at the end of the succeeding fiscal year, the Secretary may make the amounts available for redistribution in the 2nd succeeding fiscal year among the States that apply for additional funds under this section for that 2nd succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) R
EDISTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall redis-tribute the amounts made available under sub-paragraph (A) for a fiscal year among eligible applicant States. In this subparagraph, the term ‘eligible applicant State’ means a State that has applied for additional funds for the fiscal year under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary deter-mines that the State will use the funds for the purpose for which originally allotted under this section. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT TO BE REDISTRIBUTED .—The amount to be redistributed to each eligible appli-cant State shall be the amount so made avail-able multiplied by the State foster care ratio, (as defined in subsection (c)(4), except that, in such subsection, ‘all eligible applicant States (as de-fined in subsection (d)(5)(B)(i))’ shall be sub-stituted for ‘all States’). ‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT OF REDISTRIBUTED  
AMOUNT .—Any amount made available to a State under this paragraph shall be regarded as part of the allotment of the State under this sec-tion for the fiscal year in which the redistribu-tion is made. ‘‘(C) T
RIBES .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘State’ includes an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium that receives an allotment under this section.’’. (c) E
XPANDING AND CLARIFYING THE USE OF  E
DUCATION AND TRAINING VOUCHERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 477(i)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘on the date’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘23’’ and inserting ‘‘to remain eli-gible until they attain 26’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but in no event may a youth participate in the program for more than 5 years (whether or not consecutive)’’ before the period. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 477(i)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘who have attained 14 years of age’’ before the period. (d) O
THER IMPROVEMENTS .—Section 477 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677), as amended by sub-sections (a), (b), and (c), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
INDE -
PENDENCE PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘ PROGRAM  
FOR SUCCESSFUL TRANSITION TO ADULTHOOD ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘identify children who are like-ly to remain in foster care until 18 years of age and to help these children make the transition to self-sufficiency by providing services’’ and in-serting ‘‘support all youth who have experi-enced foster care at age 14 or older in their tran-sition to adulthood through transitional serv-ices’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and post-secondary edu-cation’’ after ‘‘high school diploma’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘training in daily living skills, training in budgeting and financial manage-ment skills’’ and inserting ‘‘training and oppor-tunities to practice daily living skills (such as fi-nancial literacy training and driving instruc-tion)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age receive the education, training, and services necessary to obtain employment’’ and inserting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older achieve meaningful, permanent connec-tions with a caring adult’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age prepare for and enter postsecondary train-ing and education institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older engage in age or developmentally appro-priate activities, positive youth development, and experiential learning that reflects what their peers in intact families experience’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-nating paragraphs (5) through (8) as para-graphs (4) through (7); (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘adoles-cents’’ and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘including training on youth development’’ after ‘‘to provide training’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘adolescents preparing for independent living’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youth pre-paring for a successful transition to adulthood and making a permanent connection with a car-ing adult.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘adoles-cents’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (K)— (I) by striking ‘‘an adolescent’’ and inserting ‘‘a youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the adolescent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the youth’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than October 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the National Youth in Transition Database and any other databases in which States report outcome measures relating to children in foster care and children who have aged out of foster care or left foster care for kin-ship guardianship or adoption. The report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the reasons for entry into foster care and of the foster care experi-ences, such as length of stay, number of place-ment settings, case goal, and discharge reason of 17-year-olds who are surveyed by the Na-tional Youth in Transition Database and an analysis of the comparison of that description with the reasons for entry and foster care expe-riences of children of other ages who exit from foster care before attaining age 17. ‘‘(B) A description of the characteristics of the individuals who report poor outcomes at ages 19 and 21 to the National Youth in Transition Database. ‘‘(C) Benchmarks for determining what con-stitutes a poor outcome for youth who remain in or have exited from foster care and plans the Executive branch will take to incorporate these benchmarks in efforts to evaluate child welfare agency performance in providing services to children transitioning from foster care. ‘‘(D) An analysis of the association between types of placement, number of overall place-ments, time spent in foster care, and other fac-tors, and outcomes at ages 19 and 21. ‘‘(E) An analysis of the differences in out-comes for children in and formerly in foster care at age 19 and 21 among States.’’. (e) C
LARIFYING DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED TO  F
OSTER YOUTH LEAVING FOSTER CARE.—Section 475(5)(I) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675(5)(I)) is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4037 June 21, 2016 
amended by inserting after ‘‘REAL ID Act of 2005’’ the following: ‘‘, and any official docu-mentation necessary to prove that the child was previously in foster care’’. TITLE IV—CONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES TO PROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP 
SEC. 401. REAUTHORIZING ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP INCENTIVE PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 473A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘2013 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; (2) in subsection (h)(1)(D), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (3) in subsection (h)(2), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. TITLE V—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 501. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DATA EX-CHANGE STANDARDS TO IMPROVE PROGRAM COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 440 of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 629m) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 440. DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM-PROVED INTEROPERABILITY. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Management and Budget and considering State government per-spectives, by rule, designate data exchange standards to govern, under this part— ‘‘(1) necessary categories of information that State agencies operating programs under State plans approved under this part are required under applicable Federal law to electronically exchange with another State agency; and ‘‘(2) Federal reporting and data exchange re-quired under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange standards required by paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(1) incorporate a widely accepted, non-pro-prietary, searchable, computer-readable format, such as the eXtensible Markup Language; ‘‘(2) contain interoperable standards devel-oped and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Information Exchange Model; ‘‘(3) incorporate interoperable standards de-veloped and maintained by Federal entities with authority over contracting and financial assist-ance; ‘‘(4) be consistent with and implement appli-cable accounting principles; ‘‘(5) be implemented in a manner that is cost- effective and improves program efficiency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(6) be capable of being continually upgraded as necessary. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards found to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than the date that is 24 months after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a proposed rule that— (1) identifies federally required data ex-changes, include specification and timing of ex-changes to be standardized, and address the factors used in determining whether and when to standardize data exchanges; and (2) specifies State implementation options and describes future milestones. 
SEC. 502. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO STATE REQUIREMENT TO ADDRESS THE DE-VELOPMENTAL NEEDS OF YOUNG CHILDREN. 
Section 422(b)(18) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(18)) is amended by striking ‘‘such children’’ and inserting ‘‘all vulnerable children under 5 years of age’’. TITLE VI—ENSURING STATES REINVEST SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE SEC. 601. DELAY OF ADOPTION ASSISTANCE PHASE-IN. 
Section 473(e)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673(e)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘pe-riod’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding the table, by strik-ing ‘‘fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘period’’; and (B) in the table— (i) by striking ‘‘of fiscal year:’’ and inserting ‘‘of:’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘2010’’ and inserting ‘‘Fiscal year 2010’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘Fiscal year 2011’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Fiscal year 2012’’; (v) by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘Fiscal year 2013’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘Fiscal year 2014’’; (vii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Fiscal year 2015’’; (viii) by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2015, through March 31, 2019’’; (ix) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2019, through March 31, 2020’’; and (x) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2020,’’. 
SEC. 602. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON STATE RE-INVESTMENT OF SAVINGS RESULT-ING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall study the extent to which States are complying with the requirements of section 473(a)(8) of the Social Security Act relat-ing to the effects of phasing out the AFDC in-come eligibility requirements for adoption assist-ance payments under section 473 of the Social Security Act, as enacted by section 402 of the Fostering Connections to Success and Increas-ing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351; 122 Stat. 3975) and amended by section 206 of the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strength-ening Families Act (Public Law 113–183; 128 Stat. 1919). In particular, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall analyze the extent to which States are complying with the following requirements under section 473(a)(8)(D) of the Social Security Act: (1) The requirement to spend an amount equal to the amount of the savings (if any) in State expenditures under part E of title IV of the So-cial Security resulting from phasing out the AFDC income eligibility requirements for adop-tion assistance payments under section 473 of such Act to provide to children of families any service that may be provided under part B or E of title IV of such Act. (2) The requirement that a State shall spend not less than 30 percent of the amount of any savings described in subparagraph (A) on post- adoption services, post-guardianship services, and services to support and sustain positive per-manent outcomes for children who otherwise might enter into foster care under the responsi-bility of the State, with at least 
2⁄3of the spend-ing by the State to comply with the 30 percent requirement being spent on post-adoption and post-guardianship services. (b) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services a report that contains the results of the study re-quired by subsection (a), including recommenda-tions to ensure compliance with laws referred to in subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 5456, cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Nation is in the grips of an opioid and heroin epidemic, which, ac-cording to States, is responsible for re-cent spikes in the need for out-of-home foster care placement after more than a decade of decline. Under current child welfare financ-ing, when a family is struggling, the majority of Federal dollars are only available if the State removes a child from his or her biological and adoptive home and places that child in foster care. Even though it is often less expensive and more effective to keep a child safe-ly at home, Federal support for these types of prevention services are ex-tremely limited. Children who are raised by the State in foster care face increased risks of substance abuse, homelessness, teen pregnancy, and other negative outcomes. The Family First Prevention Serv-ices Act of 2016 will reverse the current trends by supporting early, evidence- based, cost-effective interventions to keep children safely at home. This will increase the likelihood of positive short-term and long-term outcomes for both children and their parents. More-over, it will ensure that children who do not need foster care are appro-priately placed with families whenever possible. Preliminary estimates are that the cost of the up-front prevention services to strengthen families will be more than fully offset by both reducing inap-propriate placements into group homes for foster children, as well as briefly delaying additional adoption assist-ance to allow for a comprehensive GAO review to be completed. In May, the Human Resources Sub-committee heard about challenges and successes of those on the ground as they attempt to fight the opioid and heroin epidemic in their communities. Today, we will move forward to ensure more struggling families get the help they so vitally need. This bill is a result of a bipartisan, bicameral effort. So I would like to thank Ranking Member L
EVIN and our Senate Finance Committee colleagues, Chairman H
ATCH and Ranking Member W
YDEN , for working so diligently on this effort. This bill also incorporates bipartisan efforts by Congressman Y
OUNG and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.050 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4038 June 21, 2016 
Congressman D AVIS to improve the ex-change of information across State lines to get foster children settled into homes more quickly. I would like to thank my fellow com-mittee members, the bipartisan group of original cosponsors, and those on the committee who have also joined to sponsor this important legislation. Finally, I would like to recognize the overwhelming support we have re-ceived from the child welfare commu-nity who, I know, have been working on this issue for many, many years, some say as long as 30 years, in terms of the prevention care for our kids. I include in the R
ECORD some of these more than 60 letters of support we have received so far on this bill. 
CHILDREN ’SHOMESOCIETY OF  A
MERICA , Chicago, IL, June 14, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Congress, Washington, DC. Hon. S
ANDY LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Congress, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERLEVIN: As a nationwide membership or-ganization comprised of many of the most long standing and respected child and family organizations in the country, Children’s Home Society of America is writing in sup-port of your efforts to promote and improve outcomes for many of the hundreds of thou-sands of children and youth who come to the attention of the child welfare system each year, including children in foster care. Over the decades the House Ways and Means Com-mittee, with bipartisan support, has taken significant steps forward on behalf of our most vulnerable children and the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016 con-tinues those efforts. Allowing funds under Title IV-E of the So-cial Security Act, currently used primarily for out-of-home care for children, to be used for the first time for prevention services to help keep children at risk of placement in foster care safely at home with their parents or with kin is a significant move in the right direction. Kinship caregivers play a critical role in protecting children temporarily while their parents are not able to and also in en-suring new permanent families for children who cannot return home. We strongly support the bill’s recognition of the importance of quality services for these children, which are evidence-based and trauma-informed and the importance of ac-countability in tracking the provision of services and their benefits for children. States at different stages in reforming their systems will also have help training staff for the development and delivery of these new services and putting in place the infrastruc-ture needed to administer and oversee their delivery and child outcomes. The Family First Prevention Services Act over time also will take important steps to ensure children who need to enter foster care will be placed in the least restrictive setting appropriate to their needs, by targeting fed-eral dollars only on smaller family-foster homes and on other care settings for chil-dren and youth with special treatment needs or those in special circumstances, such as pregnant and parenting teens or older youth in independent living settings. A number of states already have undertaken special ef-forts to reduce the number of children in congregate care and to preserve group care settings for children with special treatment needs. Children and society pay a high cost when the current systems fail to adequately ad-dress the needs of the children who come to the attention of our child welfare systems, nearly 80 percent of whom are victims of ne-glect. We believe that the specific changes proposed will go far in encouraging state and local child welfare systems, private pro-viders, the courts and youth and families who have been involved in the system to work together to achieve significant change for children over the next decade. We look forward to working with you to ensure these new child welfare finance re-forms will truly benefit children who come to the attention of the child welfare system and to continue to explore additional im-provements on their behalf to ensure they all have safe, permanent families. Thank you for your continuing leadership on behalf of these children. Sincerely, SHARON OSBORNE , Board Chair. 
CHILDREN ’SHOSPITAL OF  W
ISCONSIN , Milwaukee, WI. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , Chairman, Human Resources Subcommittee, House Committee on Ways & Means, Wash-ington DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BUCHANAN : Children’s Hos-pital of Wisconsin strongly supports the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016 (H.R. 5456). We applaud your leadership on this important issue. Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin (Chil-dren’s) is the region’s only independent health care system dedicated solely to the health and well-being of children. We serve children from every county in the state and are recognized as one of the leading pediatric health care centers in the United States. In addition, Children’s is the largest not-for- profit, community-based child and family serving agency in Wisconsin. Through our Community Services work, we provide a con-tinuum of care to more than 15,000 children and families annually. This includes family preservation and support, child and family counseling, child welfare, child advocacy and protection, and foster care and adoption services. We strongly support the Family First Pre-vention Services Act that would allow funds under Title IV-E of the Social Security Act to be used for the first time for evidence- based prevention services to help keep chil-dren at risk of placement in foster care safe-ly at home with their parents or with kin. The legislation represents a significant and meaningful shift in child welfare policy by prioritizing up-front, evidence-based services to keep families together. We know from ex-perience and empirical research that this is important for the healthy development of children. The bill also makes significant advance-ments to integrate interventions and meas-ures focused on child well-being into the child welfare system. Children’s believes that prioritizing and providing account-ability for child well-being, in addition to safety and permanency, is critical to achiev-ing better outcomes for children and society and positioning children to thrive into adult-hood. Children’s is committed to improving the health and well-being of children and fami-lies. We believe the Family First Prevention Services Act will enable the child welfare system to better serve our most vulnerable children and families. Sincerely, AMYHERBST , Vice President, Child Well-Being. 
[From the American Academy of Pediatrics, June 13, 2016] AAP S
TATEMENT SUPPORTING THE FAMILY  F
IRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT (By Benard P. Dreyer, MD, FAAP) ‘‘The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) commends House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R–Tex) and Ranking Member Sander Levin (D–Mich) and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R–Utah) and Ranking Member Ron Wyden (D–Ore) for releasing the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016, a com-prehensive, bipartisan effort to improve how the child welfare system serves children and families in adversity. This bill represents a pivotal opportunity for a major federal pol-icy shift that moves away from placing chil-dren in out-of-home care and toward keeping families together. ‘‘Children in or at-risk for entering foster care are especially vulnerable, they are more likely to be exposed to trauma and often have complex medical needs. This bill not only recognizes the unique needs of children and families in adversity, but also makes great strides to meet them in a way that pe-diatricians can stand behind through evi-dence-based, prevention-focused approaches. The bill offers states much-needed federal funding to support mental health, substance abuse and in-home parenting skills programs for families of children at-risk of entering foster care. This policy rewards state efforts to preserve and strengthen families by pro-viding federal funds to administer preven-tion programs in a way that is steeped in science. ‘‘Children fare best when they are raised in families equipped to meet their needs. Con-gregate care, when necessary, should be of high-quality for the shortest possible dura-tion and reserved for instances in which it is absolutely essential. The AAP supports the bill’s emphasis on ensuring that children are only placed in a non-family setting if they have a demonstrated need for the services available in that setting. The AAP also ap-preciates that congregate care facilities must be accredited and have licensed clinical and nursing staff to ensure they are capable of caring for vulnerable children and meet-ing their complex health needs. ‘‘Fixing the shortcomings in our child wel-fare system will require continued invest-ment across both state and federal govern-ments. The Family First Prevention Serv-ices Act does just what its name says—it puts families first. This bill represents major, meaningful progress toward pro-tecting children and supporting their fami-lies in creating safe and stable homes. Pedia-tricians look forward to continuing to work alongside bipartisan members of Congress to advance the bill toward a vote as soon as possible.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.088 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4039 June 21, 2016 
CHILDREN AND FAMILY FUTURES , Lake Forest, CA, June 13, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House Representatives. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chairman, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , Chairman, Human Resources Subcommittee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. S
ANDY LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Committee on Finance, U.S. Senate. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, Human Resources Sub-committee, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives. D
EAR WAYS AND MEANS AND SENATE FI-
NANCE COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN BRADY AND  H
ATCH , RANKING MEMBERS LEVIN AND WYDEN  
ANDHUMAN RESOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIR-
MAN BUCHANAN AND RANKING MEMBER DOG-
GETT : On behalf of Children and Family Fu-tures, I am pleased to share our support for the Family First Prevention Services Act (H.R. 5456) introduced today by House Ways and Means Human Resources Subcommittee Chairman Vern Buchanan (R–FL) and joined by eleven other bi-partisan original co-spon-sors. Children and Family Futures, a national nonprofit organization based in Lake Forest, California, has more than 20 years of experi-ence in improving outcomes for children at the intersection of child welfare and sub-stance use disorder treatment agencies and family courts. We recently had the oppor-tunity to testify at Senate Finance and Sen-ate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Hearings on the effects of opioids on our nation’s child welfare agencies. As you may know, there are 8.3 million children—al-most 11% of America’s children—who live with a parent who is alcoholic or needs treatment for illicit drug abuse. About two- thirds of the children who enter the child welfare system are affected by parents with substance use disorders, and when we ask children and youth in foster care what they need the most, they often ask for substance abuse treatment for their parents so that their family can stay together. Quality sub-stance abuse prevention and treatment is one of the cornerstones of a strong and effec-tive child welfare system. H.R. 5456 takes several critical steps to en-sure that parents and children receive the full range of supportive services they need to heal and thrive. By allowing federal IV–E dollars to be used in a time-limited way for evidence-based prevention services, includ-ing mental health, substance abuse preven-tion and in-home skill-based programs, the proposed legislation provides an unprece-dented opportunity for child welfare agen-cies to expand the services parents need to continue to care for their children safely without unnecessary foster care placements. In addition, allowing states to draw down Title IV–E foster care maintenance pay-ments on behalf of children who are placed in residential family treatment settings with a parent who is receiving treatment is another effective way to ensure that families can stay together while getting the services and supports they need to get back on their feet. For children whose parents struggle with al-cohol and illicit drug abuse, the elimination of the time limit to allow family reunifica-tion services to be provided to any child in foster care and for up to 15 months after a child is reunited with his or her biological family will allow children of parents who are still in the very first stages of recovery to get the ongoing help they need to maintain both stability and sobriety. CFF also strongly supports H.R. 5456’s re-authorization of the Regional Partnership Grant program that provides funding to state and regional grantees seeking to pro-vide evidence-based services to prevent child abuse and neglect related to substance abuse and revised grant requirements based on les-sons learned from the most effective past grants. In addition to updating the program to specifically address the opioid and heroin epidemic, the proposal legislation leverages what has been learned to ensure that new foster care prevention funding provided under the bill is used effectively. In addition to providing much-needed at-tention to prevention services for children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, the legislation’s provisions to reduce the over-reliance on group care facilities are an equally impor-tant step in supporting children and keeping families together. The legislation’s current approach to reducing unnecessary care while enhancing the protections and oversight for Qualified Residential Treatment Programs (QRTP) will ensure that young people who are struggling with their own substance use disorder or mental health issues have full ac-cess to clinically appropriate residential treatment options and that a continuum of quality services are available to help them transition back home to their families. Moreover, improving and expediting an effec-tive assessment process and increasing judi-cial oversight of placement decisions on an ongoing basis also represent significant progress in connecting young people with the right services on a timely basis while also maintaining positive family and community connections. Untreated substance use disorders are among the most critical and devastating cri-ses facing the nation’s children and families. Thanks to the leadership and bipartisanship demonstrated by members of the House Ways and Means and Senate Finance Committees, H.R. 5456 offers a range of innovative solu-tions designed to keep children and families together and provide the services and sup-ports they need to lead healthy and produc-tive lives. We are deeply appreciative of your collective work on this bill and are confident that, if passed, it will continue to help thou-sands children and families, now and for years to come. Sincerely, N
ANCY K. Y OUNG , Ph.D., Director. S
IDNEY L. G ARDNER , M.P.A., President. 
ALLIANCE FOR STRONG  F
AMILIES AND COMMUNITIES , Washington, DC, June 14, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chair, Ways and Means Committee, House of Representatives. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , Chair, Human Resources Subcommittee, House of Representatives. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Chair, Senate Finance Committee, U.S. Senate. Hon. S
ANDER LEVIN, Ranking Member, Ways and Means Committee, House of Representatives. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , Ranking Member, Human Resources Subcommittee, House of Representatives. Hon. R
ONWYDEN , Ranking Member, Senate Finance Committee, U.S. Senate. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERLEVIN, CHAIRMAN BUCHANAN AND RANK-INGMEMBER DOGGETT , ANDCHAIRMAN HATCH  
AND RANKING MEMBER WYDEN : The Alliance for Strong Families and Communities thanks you for your leadership and for intro-ducing the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016. The legislation promotes numer-ous policy priorities that are consistent with our network’s guiding principles for improv-ing child and family safety, permanency and well-being. We appreciate efforts you have made to ad-dress past concerns and to include compo-nents that are informed by effective prac-tices in states and localities, technology up-dates, and current research. These include: Permitting the use of federal funds to pay for programs across the evidence-based spec-trum, and to continue knowledge formation in what works; Making Title IV-B funds available to states so that they may modernize their Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) services so that so that chil-dren may be more quickly and effectively placed in appropriate homes across state lines; Supporting the National Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatali-ties’ recommendation that a 21st Century Child Welfare system require states to de-velop a statewide plan to prevent child abuse and neglect fatalities; Requiring the use of an age-appropriate, evidence-based, validated needs assessment to help determine a child’s need for behav-ioral health support through a therapeutic residential treatment setting; and Engaging families in a child’s residen-tially-based trauma-informed behavioral health treatment to strengthen the likeli-hood of their success, including establishing a family and permanency team in the initial needs assessment and ongoing progress mon-itoring. We are very pleased with the bipartisan, bicameral effort to address child welfare re-forms, and specifically, the longstanding pol-icy priority to expand Title IV-E for preven-tion so that children and parents/caregivers may have access to services and interven-tions that ensure child safety and build fam-ily stability. While the Alliance enthusiastically sup-ports the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016, we do believe we have identified a significant technical misalignment within the definition of the Qualified Residential Treatment Program (QRTP) that, if ad-dressed, would strengthen the bill, increase its effectiveness and mitigate against what we believe to be unintended consequences for children to whom we want to receive the right treatment, at the right time in the most appropriate setting. We fully support the requirement for a QRTP to use a trauma- informed treatment model, but are con-cerned about the rigid aspects of the lan-guage for QRTP staffing. The prescription of nursing and clinical staff being onsite during business hours is not consistent with Con-gress’ desire to use evidence in its require-ments on states and moves further away from a system that is child- and family-cen-tered and community-based. We believe that QRTPs must abide by the fidelity elements of the approved, trauma-informed treatment model that they elect to use in accordance with the requirements in the bill and that the current language regarding staffing is in-consistent with the bill’s treatment model requirement. For example, if the fidelity elements of the selected treatment model require licensed or registered nurses to be onsite during busi-ness hours and available 24/7, then a QRTP must meet that requirement. Likewise, if fi-delity to an approved model requires a dif-ferent staffing composition and pattern, then the QRTP must meet that model’s require-ments and needs the flexibility to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.063 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4040 June 21, 2016 
Therefore, rather than requiring the staff to be onsite during business hours, we rec-ommend an amendment that aligns the treatment model requirement with the staff-ing requirement. The amendment would re-quire staff to be onsite according to the trau-ma-informed treatment model being used by the QRTP. Our commonsense amendment ac-knowledges that high quality trauma-in-formed treatment models prescribe staffing patterns that are designed to achieve the outcomes proven by the program model. And, it strengthens the bill’s effectiveness toward the greatest chance of success and normalcy for children provided in the most family-like settings possible. The Alliance’s wholehearted support of the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016 is unqualified and not contingent upon inclu-sion of the recommended amendment but, if the bill is passed without this amendment we intend to work to build a coalition to change this aspect of the QRTP requirements prior to implementation of these provisions in Title II in 2019. Thank you very much for your hard work. We look forward to working with you and en-courage you to contact Marlo Nash, Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Mobili-zation at mnash@alliancel.org with questions or to request additional information. Sincerely, S
USAN DREYFUS , President and CEO. 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The bill before us today, the Family First Prevention Services Act, has a very simple goal: improve the lives of our most vulnerable children. We worked across the aisle on this legisla-tion because we recognize the impor-tance of ensuring that kids grow up in safe, loving, and stable homes. I mentioned that we worked together on this. Mr. B
UCHANAN , who is the chairman of our committee, others on the Republican side, and Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. B ASS, and others worked so hard on this, and I think it has improved this legislation. Our foster care system provides an essential safe haven for abused and ne-glected children. However, when it comes to our system today, it is clear that Federal funding has been stacked against prevention efforts. That means our Federal dollars aren’t being used to effectively help families and prevent child abuse and neglect in homes. In fact, less than 10 percent of dedicated child welfare funding goes toward pre-vention. This bill is intended to make sure families receive the help they needed before a child goes into foster care, not after, as our current system largely functions. This bill would provide sub-stance abuse treatment for parents, support efforts to improve parenting skills and expand access to mental health care. The Children’s Defense Fund, which tirelessly advocates for our most vul-nerable children, offered its full sup-port for this bill, and it is my privilege to quote the Children’s Defense Fund under its so esteemed leader: ‘‘It takes historic and long overdue steps to di-rect Federal child welfare dollars to improve outcomes for vulnerable chil-dren and families.’’ Simply put, this bill would help keep kids throughout our country safe and in their homes instead of placing them in a foster care system that we should use only when clearly necessary. It would be preferable if the bill’s key provisions on prevention started sooner to help States facing immediate crises. Furthermore, this legislation cer-tainly does not address every problem facing our child welfare system, includ-ing the need to recruit more foster family homes; but, indeed, this bill is an important step forward in strength-ening our Nation’s child welfare sys-tem in the long-term. In fact, as we have seen, more than 50 organizations dedicated to advocating for vulnerable children have come out in support of this legislation, including, as men-tioned, the Children’s Defense Fund, the American Academy of Pediatrics, Prevent Child Abuse America, the American Psychological Association, Voice for Adoption, and the North American Council on Adoptable Chil-dren. This bill has also been endorsed by the national association rep-resenting State child welfare agency directors. This legislation represents an effort to find important common ground in the House and also in the Senate with the leadership of Senators HATCH and W
YDEN . We have more work to do. We have more work to do, indeed, to en-sure our children have the opportuni-ties and support they need to thrive, but this bill would take a very impor-tant step on that path. So, once again, I would like to thank my colleagues on the Republican side and on the Democratic side. I would like to thank the staff on our side and, I am sure, the same has been true of the Republican side for all of their dili-gent and impassioned work on this im-portant issue. I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the bal-ance of my time be governed and man-aged by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Each day in America, as many as eight children die at the hands of those who are supposed to be caring for them. Three out of four of these chil-dren are under the age of three. Half of them will never reach their first birth-day, and countless others of all ages will forever be scarred by abuse and by neglect. The legislation that we consider to-night is all that remains of a com-prehensive child safety bill offered by Senator R
ONWYDEN and offered by me here in the House last year. I salute his leadership then, and I accept his deci-sion to settle for a small bit of what we sought to accomplish rather than no bit at all. This year, Senator WYDEN put a frac-tion of our original bill into a proposal to which Senator O
RRIN HATCH agreed, a bipartisan Family First draft pro-posal. Today’s bill is a fraction of a fraction of our original initiative. b1930 Despite the valiant efforts of many local groups and individuals across Texas, we have a child abuse crisis there. As The Dallas Morning News re-ported last month: ‘‘Staggering num-ber of Texas children in imminent dan-ger neglected by CPS’’—Child Protec-tive Services—‘‘investigation shows.’’ And the same is true in one State after another. In short, the Republican answer in this bill is to do absolutely nothing with regard to child preven-tion services in additional resources now, to essentially do nothing about this crisis now, to continue neglecting the neglected this year, next year, and the year after that. Adoption has proven one way that we can keep children out of the foster care system and in a loving family. I know this is not Mr. B
UCHANAN ’s personal view, but the only way that House Re-publicans would agree for us to fund additional preventive services for these children to avoid child abuse—even though that takes 3 long, painful years of delay—is by our cutting about $700 million from adoption. The other source of funding is con-gregate or group care. I believe we do need a change in group care, but while agreeing, I note that in Texas last month there were over 60 foster care youth. The only place they could find to sleep was in the State offices of Child Protective Services, and one has to ask about this bill the question of where these children will go if those group facilities are no longer available. This measure was approved on the same day that the Committee on Ways and Means approved barring over $50 billion for additional tax breaks, and yet not another dime of additional re-sources to prevent child abuse this year. They demanded that there could be no resources going into child abuse unless it was paid for from other human resources, essentially robbing Peter to pay Paul. One important aspect of the bill is the kinship provision, that assisting relatives who are willing to raise a child, keep them in a family home so they won’t be bounced around from one place to another, that they get some support. I think it is a worthy ap-proach, but it also shows how this House Republican proposal has slashed relief. This year’s bipartisan recommenda-tion by Senators W
YDEN and H ATCH was estimated to cost $1.7 billion for kin-ship. Today we have a mere 8 percent— 8 percent—of what they recommended, hardly worthy of a celebration. The major focus of this bill is to provide a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.065 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4041 June 21, 2016 
Federal incentive for the States to in-vest in prevention and early interven-tion to ensure the safety of children. For too long we backloaded everything. We responded to abuse after it occurred instead of trying to prevent it at the beginning. We offer assistance now through this bill eventually, and we should be fo-cused on it. I agree fully with that focus. That is why I plan to vote, reluc-tantly, for this proposal. But this bill would give the States an incentive through what is called Title IV–E, where the Federal Government would put up 50 percent, 50 cents on the dollar that is expended, and the States would put up 50 cents. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DOGGETT. I yield myself an ad-ditional 30 seconds. Unfortunately, this bill provides no immediate relief for children who are in danger right now. No additional funds for 3 years. In Texas, with the opioid crisis, and in other States, these children need help now. It has gotten so bad that Federal courts are begin-ning to declare these systems unconsti-tutional. We could have done better by these children. We have the capacity to do better. We have not had the will to do better in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, hav-ing no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), one of the mem-bers of our committee who has been a real advocate for children suffering from abuse. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Texas for yielding. Child welfare advocates have used the adjectives ‘‘landmark,’’ ‘‘historic,’’ and ‘‘trailblazing’’ to describe this bill. I wholeheartedly agree with them. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this legis-lation that begins a fundamental shift in Federal child welfare policy to pre-serving families rather than separating them. I am deeply grateful to Ranking Member L
EVIN, Chairman B RADY , Chairman B
UCHANAN , Ranking Member W
YDEN , and Chairman H ATCH for in-cluding many provisions for which I have advocated, provisions that will substantially strengthen families in Chicago, in Illinois, and throughout the Nation. I am equally grateful to Ranking Member D
OGGETT for his tire-less efforts to secure additional re-sources for prevention. My congressional district has the highest percentage of children living with grandparent caregivers in the Na-tion, followed closely by two other con-gressional districts in Illinois. We know that substance abuse and addic-tion underlie a substantial percentage of child welfare cases and separates families. When I ask foster youth what policy-makers could do to make child welfare better, they almost always say: You could have helped my mom and dad. That is exactly what we are doing here today. The Family First Preven-tion Services Act invests in addressing key reasons that families struggle by providing evidence-based mental health, substance abuse, and parenting services to strengthen families so they can avoid the child welfare system. I am especially pleased that the bill in-cludes my work to improve the effec-tiveness of child abuse and neglect pre-vention related to substance abuse by modernizing the Regional Partnership Grants. Coupled with the prevention services, the extension of the Kinship Navigator program, the improved licensing stand-ards to address barriers for relative caregivers, the extension of adoption and legal guardianship incentive pay-ments, the new services for pregnant and parenting foster youth, the invest-ment in electronic systems to improve interstate placement of youth, and the funding to support children in staying with their parents in residential treat-ment all promise to improve perma-nency and well-being for youth and kinship caregivers. I want to thank the chairperson of my Child Welfare Task Force, Dr. Annetta Wilson, for sharing her exper-tise on how to improve policies to sup-port children and families. I also want to thank Pam Rodriguez and George Williams with TASC in Chicago as well as Nancy Young with Children and Family Futures for sharing their ex-pertise about what policies work to support parents affected by substance abuse so that we can strengthen fami-lies. Finally, this is not a perfect bill, but it is a historic bill and a unique oppor-tunity to strengthen families. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to enact additional supports for kinship caregivers, enhance serv-ices for expectant and parenting foster youth, and to protect the Social Secu-rity benefits of foster youth. I attended a high school graduation last Friday, and the young lady who got the biggest applause was one whose mother and grandmothers both had died within the last 3 years. She also has given birth to two children. But she graduated with honors, and it is the assistance and help that we give to these young people who really prove that we can have an effective welfare help system for young people who need the help. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 5 minutes re-maining. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ASS), who, though not a formal member of our committee, has been a very active participant in our subcommittee and who chairs the Con-gressional Caucus on Foster Youth, among others. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5456. I believe this is a very positive step forward to reform-ing the child welfare system in our country. H.R. 5456 takes into account what has been learned from years of county and State efforts at reform in the form of waivers. We have learned a lot. We have learned that we can safely reduce the numbers of children in care by pro-viding services up front, prevention services that, until now, could not be supported with Federal dollars unless the State or county had a waiver. What do we know? We know that the main reason why children are in foster care is because of child neglect, and the main reason for this is substance abuse and mental ill-ness. For example, there are programs, such as SHIELDS for Families in Los Angeles, that have been able to reduce the number of children in care by pro-viding substance abuse services for families for 12 months. The problem with H.R. 5456, however, is that services would be cut off after 12 months, and one of the features of addiction is relapse. So what happens to a family if the individual relapses on the 11th month? Will the children automatically be re-moved and placed into care? I think during the implementation phase, we need to consider flexibility with cutting off services at the end of 12 months. The same thing applies to mental health services. The Chafee Grant is another thing that is a positive feature of H.R. 5456. Chafee grants help young people transition to adulthood. I am pleased that H.R. 5456 includes my lan-guage to extend time to 23 years old for a young person to receive prevention services. What these services are are essentially services that help a young person transition to adulthood, such as housing, counseling, job training, et cetera. Chafee is also extended in H.R. 5456 to the age of 26 for educational grants. I want to applaud my State of Cali-fornia, where reforms are underway. We have passed legislation in Cali-fornia that long recognizes the need for housing to transition young people out of care, but in California we have had the insight and foresight to understand that children 16 years old sometimes want to transition out of the foster care system. Unfortunately, H.R. 5456 eliminates funding for children who are 16 years old. I am concerned that the bill might have some unintended consequences. I think we would all agree that it would be best to keep a child in a family set-ting when they are 16 years old. How-ever, many young people wind up run-ning away from foster homes. Unfortu-nately, they wind up suffering from abuse, again, in a foster home, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.090 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4042 June 21, 2016 
they need to be transitioned into adult-hood. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentle-woman. Ms. BASS. I am hoping H.R. 5456 will take into consideration unintended consequences and not contribute to homelessness amongst youth. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 4 years ago I authored and passed into law the Protect our Kids Act. It became law with the help of former Ways and Means Republican Chair Dave Camp, and it established a commission to eliminate child abuse and neglect fatalities. It is a mark of the progress—or the lack of progress that this year, when that commission came forward with its report, Repub-licans on our committee would not per-mit a hearing to accept the modest findings of the commission. And so we have reached tonight. I was offered in the traditional Wash-ington way an opportunity to put my name on this legislation. It has some meritorious provisions that eventually come into effect, but I could not do that and face my constituents in Texas saying that I had done something to address this crisis when I know, in fact, we are not doing what needs to be done to address this crisis. b1945 I advanced one of many alternatives to provide the dollars to deal with this crisis now. That was a proposal not for new taxes, but it was a proposal for tax compliance that would have fully fund-ed the bipartisan agreement from the Senate. But for the ideological commitment to oppose any new resources going to address child abuse, we would have those dollars. We wouldn’t be taking the money out of good adoption pro-grams. We wouldn’t be delaying a re-sponse for 3 years. We would be doing something now to address the chal-lenges that are out there for the chil-dren who face abuse and neglect today. That is what should be happening. That is what today’s bill fails to do, though it offers us the promise of even-tual action to do what we should be doing right now. And why wait three years to respond to this crisis? Because the Republican-controlled Ways and Means Committee that vulnerable children can receive federal relief only from money taken from other children or other por-tions of initiatives within the jurisdiction of the Human Resources Subcommittee. Repub-licans rejected the use of any additional re-sources to prevent child abuse, including a simple tax compliance measure that would re-quire the filing of a 1099 for alimony payments to ensure that those payments were being re-ported as income, which federal law has long required. That modest requirement would have provided more than $2 billion of resources, without raising a dime of taxes. Because taking money from adoption and congregate care fails to fully fund even today’s delayed response, Republicans must also today waive a Budget point of order, since this bill does not comply with their own Budget rules. Finally, this bill makes wholly unjustified and discriminatory cuts to adoption assistance. The sole reason for these cuts is budgetary— that was apparently the easiest way to find funds instead of adding the necessary rev-enue. This bill is paid for, in part, by delaying funding for children under the age of 4 to be adopted out of foster care, for those children with special needs, physical or mental, who are the hardest to adopt. According to a law Congress passed in 2008, those adopting 2- and 3-years-olds, who would otherwise have been entering foster care, would have been el-igible in October for modest federal assist-ance; infants and 1-year-olds would have been eligible next year. Now, that funding will be delayed 2
1⁄2years, to pay for new services, none of which become available until 2020. The only excuse given for taking almost $700 million that otherwise would have supported adoptions is that some states are failing to re-invest in foster children the money that they save in foster care costs for each child who is adopted. There is no example of fraud or abuse, only the all too typical diversion by some states for other public services. Some states like Texas, which so regularly ignores the needs of its children, reinvested only a dime of every dollar of adoption savings in foster care. Others like Florida followed federal law and reinvested every dollar of their sav-ings. This bill discriminates against Florida and similar states. And what does this bill propose to do to crack down on this state diversion of savings from adoption? It asks for a government re-port. In 2014, Congress enacted provisions of the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strength-ening Families Act to prevent diversion. The Administration should enforce that Act. Re-questing that the Government Accountability Office provide information already available from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services adds nothing not already known. But if all we wanted was a report, we could get that report just by writing a letter to the GAO. Seeking another report represents cover for taking away resources that would otherwise have benefitted blameless infants and toddlers. We have a serious problem that deserves a serious state-federal, bipartisan solution. I am not opposing today’s bill, but it does far less than it could and should have. It is a true missed opportunity to help some of our most vulnerable Americans. Today’s bill does some-thing, someday. We ought to be responding fully and effectively this day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, this is bipartisan, bicameral legislation. It takes important steps to keep more children safely at home and out of foster care. Under the current law, most Federal funding for child welfare is directed to-ward reimbursing States after they place a child in foster care. This is the least desirable outcome. This legislation turns this around by putting resources towards preventative services to keep children safely with their parents or relatives. Most impor-tantly, this bill will help ensure that more children grow up in a safe home surrounded by a stable family. Strong families make for a strong community. I urge my colleagues to support the Family First Prevention Services Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5456, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1777. An act to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2736. An act to improve access to dura-ble medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. f 
WORLD HARVEST CHURCH’S 15th ANNUAL HONOR OUR HEROES (Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District, I rise today to recognize the amazing works of Roswell, Georgia’s World Harvest Church and their 15th annual Honor Our Heroes event scheduled for July 3 of this year. The World Harvest Church has made a truly meaningful difference in peo-ple’s lives by going into communities and ministering to all, young and old, with messages of hope and dem-onstrating the true love of Jesus Christ. Mr. Speaker, part of this service is their annual Honor Our Heroes event, which is a wonderful opportunity for our local community to honor our vet-erans whose selfless acts of heroism have helped maintain our most funda-mental freedoms: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The World Harvest Church also serves as headquarters for missionary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.091 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4043 June 21, 2016 
teams that travel internationally and administer help to those in dire need by building churches and centers of ref-uge. Mr. Speaker, I offer our deepest ap-preciation for the World Harvest Church’s pastor, Mirek Hufton, a faith-ful follower of God and a man of the highest compassion. Our Nation is made better by, and we are truly blessed by, World Harvest Church. 
f 
SEPARATION OF POWERS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4768, which the House will consider later this week. This bill will prevent Federal agencies from using creative interpretations of law to expand their own authority. In an ideal world, agencies would im-plement the law as Congress writes it. You wouldn’t have judicial deference to agency interpretations of the law. Unfortunately, we do not live in that ideal world. And rather than respect congressional intent, Federal agencies, especially under the Obama adminis-tration, have time and time again in-terpreted the laws in ways never in-tended in order to increase their own power. The waters of the United States pro-posal and the Clean Power Plan, both rejected with bipartisan opposition, are just two recent examples of agency overreach. Mr. Speaker, it is high time that Congress remind these agencies that the people’s elected Representatives, not bureaucracies, write our Nation’s laws, not unaccountable bureaucrats or courts willing to go along with it. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE PENNSYL-VANIA MARINE CORPS LEAGUE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the Pennsylvania Marine Corps League. The organization will hold its 71st annual department convention later this week in State College, lo-cated in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District. Mr. Speaker, the Marine Corps League was founded by Major General John A. Lejeune in 1923 and chartered by an act of Congress on August 4, 1937. Today, the Marine Corps League has a membership of more than 50,000 men and women and is comprised of honor-ably discharged, Active Duty, and Re-serve Marines, including both officers and enlisted men and women. I have the deepest respect for the ac-complishments of the U.S. Marine Corps over the course of our Nation’s history. The Corps was founded on No-vember 10, 1775, and since then, those who have served as marines have shared the unyielding commitment to protecting the lives of American citi-zens and the interests of our Nation. Marines have served our Nation bravely since before the start of the American Revolution, proving their courage from the shores of Tripoli to the island of Iwo Jima and, in recent actions, in places such as Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I thank all the men and women from Pennsylvania and across our Nation who have served as United States Marines. f 
TIME TO ACT ON GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to talk about an issue that is very alarming to many people across the country, an issue that saddens everyone, and an issue that, sadly, isn’t being addressed by this Congress. Last week, we lost 49 innocent lives in the worst mass shooting that our country has ever seen. Sadly, it is not an insulated case. Let me give you some numbers: In the 3 years since the terrible trag-edy at Sandy Hook Elementary School, there have been over 1,100 mass shoot-ings. More than 34,000 lives have been cut short by someone using a gun. The House of Representatives has held 30 moments of silence for the victims of mass shootings since Sandy Hook, and yet we haven’t taken a single vote on legislation that would help keep guns out of dangerous hands. Mr. Speaker, I think that is shame-ful. The American people deserve more than silence. The American people de-serve a Congress that is willing to stand up and do whatever it takes to keep our communities safe. That starts by making sure that terrorists, crimi-nal domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill don’t have easy access to purchase guns in our country. Today, suspected terrorists can le-gally buy guns in our country. Individ-uals who are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and walk out with a gun or the guns of their choos-ing—and they can do it legally. Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists were able to purchase guns. More than 90 percent of all suspected terrorists who tried to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the weapon that they went in to buy. Now, in the wake of the horrific at-tacks in Orlando, Congress must make it a priority to keep deadly weapons out of the hands of suspected terror-ists. There is bipartisan legislation that would prohibit those on the ter-rorist watch list from being able to purchase firearms in our country. This bill is common sense. If you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. It is long past time for the Repub-lican leadership to bring that bill up for a vote. We also need to pass my bi-partisan bill to require background checks for all commercial gun sales. Background checks are our first line of defense when it comes to stopping dangerous people from getting fire-arms. We know that background checks work. Every day, they stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun. Unfortunately, in 34 States, crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill can bypass a background check by purchasing guns online or at a gun show. This is a dan-gerous loophole that needs to be closed. Yesterday, Senate Republicans blocked consideration of no fly, no buy legislation and a measure to strength-en and enhance background checks. Now the Republican House is going on with business as usual, without giving the American people a vote to help pre-vent gun violence in our country. If the Republican leadership agrees that suspected terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill shouldn’t be able to buy guns, they should give us a vote. I yield to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY), the Member who represents Sandy Hook, where the Newtown tragedy took place. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night to call on the U.S. Congress to call on this body, the United States House of Representatives, to do its job: to vote this week to keep guns out of the hands of would-be terrorists and to ensure that all commercial sales of weapons go through a background check. Since the tragic shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in my district in 2012, more than 100,000 Americans have lost their lives to gun violence. Think about that. Think about a town in your district. Think about where your mother lives. I think about my hometown of Cheshire, with 30,000 people. Three Cheshires lost. Every sin-gle person—children, parents, teachers, grandparents—lost to gun violence. And this House does nothing. In the 3
1⁄2years that I have been here, we have not been allowed one single, solitary vote to take commonsense, bi-partisan steps to help prevent gun deaths in this country. Congress’ silence, our failure to act in this House, and the refusal of the leadership in this House time again to allow a vote is wrong, it is shameful, and it must stop. Since my colleagues’, Senator M
UR-
PHYand Senator B LUMENTHAL , historic, nearly 15-hour filibuster last week, Americans from all walks of life have risen up to say, ‘‘Enough.’’ b2000 Enough sons and daughters lost, enough families torn apart, enough of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.095 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4044 June 21, 2016 
absurd loopholes that make it easier for people on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy guns than it is for your 16- year old to get a driver’s license. Reforms to stop terrorists from pur-chasing guns and extended background checks to all commercial sales are commonsense, bipartisan solutions to help prevent gun violence and to save lives. Outside of Washington, these ideas aren’t the least bit controversial. In fact, they are simply common sense. The American people get it. The overwhelming majority of Americans support the no fly, no buy rule that would allow us to close this absurd loophole that someone on the terrorist watch list can go in and legally pur-chase a gun anywhere in America, and to have background checks on each and every commercial sale. Yesterday, on Monday, a majority of Senators decided to protect the inter-ests of the gun lobby, rather than pro-tecting the American people. Now is the time for this House to lead. The House has remained silent for too long, for far too many acts of gun violence that have claimed the lives of tens of thousands of Americans. It is unthinkable, unconscionable that this House would look to recess to celebrate the 4th of July, the freedom day, our Independence Day in this country, when we have yet to hold a single, solitary vote since Sandy Hook, when 100,000 Americans have died from gunshot wounds in 3
1⁄2years. We must take up action. We must act this week. It is time for Congress to vote. It is time for Congress to act. Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentlewoman for the com-passion that she brings to this debate, and it is understandable. Having met with and spoken with many of the par-ents who lost their children at Sandy Hook Elementary School, to talk to them, and to have to tell them that yet another year has passed and the leader-ship in this Congress has refused, has refused to hold one single vote on any measure relating to gun violence, is just despicable and very, very sad. I know that the gentlewoman from Connecticut goes home every weekend and talks with those parents and those community members who were shaken to their core to get that call that there was a shooting at an elementary school, and that their child was in-volved, and had to come down to that school and learn that their child was taken from them. It is unacceptable that we allow this to continue. When Sandy Hook took place, I was asked by the minority leadership to chair a task force on gun violence pre-vention, and I took that on. I took it on for a couple of reasons: One, I know it had to be done; and two, I bring a unique perspective to this debate. I am a strong supporter of the Second Amendment. I am a gun owner. I am a hunter. I have vast experiences with firearms, including carrying a mili-tary-type assault weapon for the tour that I served in Vietnam. I consider myself a strong supporter of the Sec-ond Amendment, and would do nothing to take an individual’s Second Amend-ment right away from them. As I say, I support it strongly. I also believe that, as a responsible gun owner, I, and all of my fellow re-sponsible gun owners, have a responsi-bility to answer this call, to figure out how we can put on the books laws that—while protecting the Second Amendment, while protecting an indi-vidual’s rights to own firearms and use firearms for target practicing, col-lecting, hunting, or self-defense, we have a responsibility to make sure we keep firearms out of the hands of peo-ple who shouldn’t have firearms. Criminals and the dangerously men-tally ill should not be able to have fire-arms. They shouldn’t be able to buy them, they shouldn’t be able to own them, they shouldn’t be able to use them. And surely this Congress can come together and figure out a way to make certain that this doesn’t happen, to the best that we possibly can. Now I will be the first to admit there is no bill in the world that we can pass that will solve every issue related to gun violence. But doggone it, we should try. We owe it to our constituents. We owe it to those who lost loved ones through gun violence, and we owe it to the responsible, law-abiding gun own-ers of this country to try. Now I thought we had the makings of a good proposal when I sat down with my colleague and my friend from New York, Republican P
ETER KING, and we put together the legislation, commonly referred to as ‘‘the King-Thompson Bill,’’ to require that anyone who pur-chases a firearm through a commercial sale would be required to go through a background check. You wouldn’t think it would be nec-essary. You wouldn’t think that any-body would want to sell a firearm to someone who may possibly be a danger to their community or to our society. But the fact of the matter is that there are people who sell firearms willy-nilly to anybody with the cash to buy them. And we need to step in and make sure that we stop willy-nilly from selling these firearms to criminals and the dangerously mentally ill, and that is what the King-Thompson bill does. It says that if you buy a firearm through a commercial sale, you have to have a background check. Now anybody who buys a firearm in any of our 50 States through a licensed commercial dealer has to go through a background check. That is the floor. That is the minimum Federal law. Some States, however, don’t go any further than that, which leaves this big loophole. It exempts individual sales, and some of those individual sales are commercial. When you set up a table at a gun show and sell firearm after firearm after firearm, or when you go online and you list your firearms for sale as an individual, people can call and say: I want to buy that gun. No background check needed because you are buying it from an individual. You can meet down in the parking lot of your local whatever store and you can make that transaction. That needs to be stopped. Thirty-four States don’t do anything about that. The King-Thompson legislation would do something about that. It would say that you have to first get a background check. Now it is a bipartisan bill. As a mat-ter of fact, there are 186 Members of this Congress who are coauthors of that bill. Five of them are Republicans. Ninety percent of the American peo-ple believe that you should have back-ground checks for commercial sale of firearms. Eighty-five percent of NRA members believe you should have back-ground checks for firearms. They know that this is the first line of defense. Again, it won’t stop everything, but it does work. 170 felons a day, through the existing background check system, are stopped from buying firearms. We know it works. Sadly, about 40 percent of all firearm purchases are done outside of federally licensed commercial sites, so 40 per-cent of the people who are buying guns today are able to avoid a background check. That is wrong. We ought to close that. When we started the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, we met with everybody. I conducted the meetings. I conducted the hearings. We met with gun owner groups, we met with gun dealers, people who sell firearms, we met with gun experts, we met with peo-ple who are opposed to guns and people who are for guns. We heard from police, sheriffs, the Federal agency that deals with gun laws. We heard ad nauseam. We heard from the NRA. We brought everybody in, all the outside gun groups, to tell us what we needed to do. And without question, we came away from that with the understanding that background checks is the number one thing that we can do if we want to make a dent in this gun violence prob-lem that we have. And we should have a vote on that bill. Now, we know that it works. I told you that, but don’t take my word for it. Look at the facts. When Connecticut passed what they call their Permit to Purchase, which is a background check legislation, their State saw a 40 percent drop in homi-cides by firearms; 40 percent drop. Now, conversely, at the same time, Missouri repealed Permit to Purchase, which led to a 25 percent increase in homicide by firearms. Those numbers alone tell us that we need to do something. We need to do everything we can to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. And, again, if you are dan-gerously mentally ill, if you are a criminal, if you are a domestic abuser, or if you are a terrorist, you should not be able to have a firearm. It is this Congress’ responsibility to do what we can. Background checks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.097 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4045 June 21, 2016 
are our first line of defense to making sure these aforementioned groups don’t get their hands on firearms. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to drill down a little bit on the re-marks of my good friend and colleague, Mr. T
HOMPSON , about why these two bills, why the no fly, no buy bill, and the expanded background checks, are so important and why they are so crit-ical for this House to take votes on them this week; because keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people— and let’s remember who these people are: convicted felons, domestic vio-lence abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill, and the no fly, no buy would add would-be terrorists to that list—I think is something the over-whelming number of Americans and, frankly, people living anywhere in the world would agree would make sense. Keeping guns out of the hands of dan-gerous people not only makes sense, but it works. Since background checks were instituted, over 2 million pur-chases of guns were stopped by would- be buyers who submitted to a back-ground check and it came back with a rejection saying, You are not author-ized; and the gun was not sold. So it does work. It doesn’t work perfectly, but it works. And why does it matter that we ex-pand background checks? Well, let me tell you a little bit of something that I learned when I was elected to this job and the horrible murders happened in Newtown. I learned about the details of our present system. When the background check system was put in 20 years ago, nobody bought guns on the Internet. In fact, most of us didn’t buy much of anything on the Internet, but now we do. Now nearly 40 percent of the sales go through the Internet, and almost none of those go through background checks. That was surely not the intent of our colleagues 20 years ago. It just wasn’t the way anyone bought anything. Simply to keep up with the times, to reflect the way Americans purchase guns, ammunition, and everything else, we need to close the Internet loophole because it is not just gun shows, more importantly, it is the Internet. But let’s also understand what it means now to have this loophole. I am going to tell you the analogy that a former ATF official—Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms official—told me when I first started working on this issue, now 3
1⁄2years ago. He said this: 
Elizabeth, imagine you arrive at the air-port. People flew in today. Imagine you ar-rive at the airport, and there’s somebody loaded up with a suicide vest and a gun standing next to you in line. But there are two lines you can go to get on the plane. One of the lines is the one we’re customarily used to. We put our things through, metal detectors, x-ray scanners, backscatter scanners. But there’s another line. The other line you can choose, and you could just walk right onto the plane, take your gear with you. And if that gear happens to be bombs, if it happens to be a suicide vest, it if happens to be guns, you could just walk right onto the plane. Now, I think we could all agree that that would be incredibly dangerous, in-credibly irresponsible, senseless. And yet, that is the system we have right now for guns. b2015 If you are a terrorist, if you are a do-mestic violence abuser, if you are dan-gerously mentally ill, and, most impor-tantly, if you are a convicted felon, all you have to do is go online, or all you have to do is go to the gun show and go to the booth that doesn’t list that it is a federally licensed firearms dealer. Folks, that is just too easy. It is too easy for the bad guys to get their hands on guns. It is up to us to take action, the simple action of passing these two important pieces of legislation to close these loopholes. Now, some will say it is too hard, this Congress is too gridlocked, and we can’t get anything done, but I want to tell you what hard is. Hard is what Mark Barden does every day. Mark Barden’s son, Daniel, was murdered in his classroom 3
1⁄2years ago, and Mark Barden gets up every morning. He tells me he can’t even go and have breakfast with the rest of the family because that was his special time with his son. He can’t do that now. It is too painful. So he gets up, he goes out of the house, he makes phone calls, and he does email because he can’t be alone in his house with the rest of the family sleep-ing because his son is no longer there. Mark Barden now is one of the grow-ing number of American citizen activ-ists, because this Congress has failed to act, these American heroes who fly around the country, pound the pave-ment, go to churches, synagogues, mosques, meet in schools, and go to chambers of commerce and plead with their fellow Americans to pressure this body, the House of Representatives, the people’s House, to take action to de-fend the people. What we do is not that hard, not compared to what Mark Barden does every day, not compared to the heart-ache of those in Chicago where you have dozens dying on a given weekend. Folks, it is not that hard. We can take the votes. We should take the heat, and we should act to save lives. Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentlewoman for her com-ments. She is absolutely correct. Our job is not that hard. Could you imagine that? On this floor, we are all parents; we have kids. Could you imagine losing your child? You send them to school, where they are supposed to be safe, and get the call that your son or your daughter has been murdered at school? That is hard. That is difficult. What we are doing is not hard. It cer-tainly shouldn’t be hard for the Repub-lican leadership to allow us to have a vote on gun violence prevention legis-lation that would help prevent these things from happening. They just hap-pen too often. Every day, 31 people are murdered by someone using a gun. Every day, 151 people are shot in an as-sault in our country. That is hard. What is the Republican leadership afraid of? You are afraid to take a vote? Are you more afraid than the people that were in that nightclub in Orlando hiding in the restrooms hoping they wouldn’t be the next one who was murdered? Are you more afraid than those children in the classroom in New-town, Connecticut? Give us a vote. Let’s address this issue. It is shameful. There is nothing to be afraid of. We were elected to come here and do a job. Give us a vote. Our Gun Violence Prevention Task Force I mentioned heard from every imaginable interest on this issue. We took what we heard, and we put it in this legislation. The King-Thompson background check legislation addressed a whole list of issues other than just the back-ground check provision. They were issues that were brought to us pri-marily by the NRA. The NRA asked for specific things. They asked us to make sure that there was due process for veterans adju-dicated as mentally defective before losing their firearms rights. We put that in the bill. There was a request to clarify that the submissions to the NICS system don’t violate HIPAA, the medical protections for patients. We put that in the bill. The NRA was concerned that the length of time that you have to wait in order to get your firearm after you passed a background check was too long, so we put in place a provision that reduces the purchase proceed timeline. Right now it is 3 days. Even-tually, it would phase into being 24 hours, with the idea that the NICS sys-tem would have more complete records because the bill also allows the States to get grant funding to allow them to better get their information into the NICS, and our bill requires the Federal courts to put records into the NICS system. The NRA said that hunting buddies shouldn’t have to go through the back-ground check. If you are at the duck club, your buddy wants to sell a shot-gun, you want to buy it, you have been hunting buddies for a long time and you know one another, they said they shouldn’t have to go through a back-ground check, so we put a hunting bud-dies known person exemption into our bill. There was great concern that this bill would lead to some sort of Big Brother list of any gun owners. Not only is that nonsense, but we took their concern and we raised them one. We added a 15-year felony for the im-proper storage of records by anyone in the government. We also heard concerns that members of the armed services were conflicted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.098 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4046 June 21, 2016 
They have a permanent home address and a permanent duty station request, and that complicated their effort to own and purchase firearms. We put a provision in the bill that said members of our armed services can count their home and their permanent duty station as their residences. We took care of all of these concerns. These are things that the NRA said they have been try-ing to fix for years. Well, we fixed it in the King-Thompson bill. At the same time, we take a step to fix this terrible problem we have where people can buy guns without having a background check—the dangerously mentally ill, criminals, domestic abus-ers, or terrorists. This is a good bill, as I said, with 186 bipartisan coauthors. This is a bill that should be passed. No one knows that more than the gentleman from New York, Congressman I
SRAEL . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman and my friend. More than anything, I want to thank him for his leadership in being able to bring people on both sides of this aisle together on the commonsense notion that, if you can’t buy a plane ticket, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. If you are on the terrorist watch list, you shouldn’t be able to avail yourself of a weapon. Mr. Speaker, when 20 children were murdered in Sandy Hook, the district of the gentlewoman from Connecticut, I really believed that Congress was going to do something. What did we do? Nothing. When Americans were mur-dered in San Bernardino, I said, well, this time we are going to do some-thing. What did we do then? Nothing. We do moments of silence, and we do not act. Enough silence. We are here to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States and protect and defend the lives of the American people, and to allow lives to be mowed down, to allow our fellow citizens to be slaughtered and say that the solution to this is another moment of silence is unconscionable. We came into session tonight, Mr. Speaker, and on Friday, the Speaker of the House will bang the gavel down and send Congress home for a week. In that week, so many more Americans will be killed by gun violence—so many more. To allow this Congress to take a week’s vacation and do nothing on gun vio-lence is unconscionable. No bill, no break, Mr. Speaker. No bill, no break. If the Speaker won’t allow us to even vote on a bill, then we shouldn’t be al-lowed to take a break and go home to our districts. For those who decide that they are going to leave here with-out even raising their voices in support of a vote, I don’t know how you will de-fend that decision when you go home. I don’t know how you will look your constituents in the eye and say: I have a week off, and I have done nothing to protect and defend my constituents. I understand there are some real, fundamental, and profound differences on various potential solutions to gun violence. What this gentleman has done is brought us to common ground. No fly, no buy: 80 percent of the Amer-ican people support no fly, no buy; 70 percent of NRA members support no fly, no buy; the vast majority of Re-publicans support no fly, no buy, along with Democrats and Independents. The reason there is support for this bill is not only is it common sense, but as the gentleman just demonstrated, he and his bipartisan cosponsor, a Repub-lican from New York, have worked out so many areas of disagreement to areas of agreement. When the vast majority of the Amer-ican people agree that terrorists should not be able to easily purchase guns, then the people’s House should listen to the people. We should pass no fly, no buy, and we need to do it by the time we recess. No bill, no break, Mr. Speak-er. I hope that our colleagues under-stand the importance of that. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for his spot-on comments, passionate comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of California (Mr. R
UIZ). He is a colleague of mine from Cali-fornia. As an emergency room doctor, Dr. R
AUL RUIZnot only understands that we need to pass this legislation, but he has seen the carnage that has come in for his care. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Congressman T
HOMPSON , very much for his leadership and cham-pioning gun violence prevention in the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in demanding that Speaker R
YANallow us to vote on measures to prevent gun violence before we adjourn at the end of this week. Last week, we watched in horror as 49 of our LGBT brothers and sisters had their lives cut short at the hands of a firearm. This is not the first terrible slaughter we have witnessed as a na-tion. These mass shootings continue as Congress does nothing to act and noth-ing to keep our constituents safe. As an emergency physician, I have taken care of too many patients in-jured by guns. I have had the gut- wrenching experience of telling par-ents, families, and friends that their loved one was killed by a gun. I have taken care of people who have been vic-tims—innocent victims—of drive-by shootings. I have taken care of victims who have been shot by their spouse in a domestic dispute. I have taken care of victims who have been caught as by-standers in a violent crime at a store, and I have had the terrible experience of having to tell a mother that her child—her young, adolescent child— was killed in the streets. It is not something that we can ever be fully prepared for but we do way too often in our country. These are needless deaths—needless deaths—because there is an oppor-tunity right here and right now to curb the trend of violence in our country. This gun violence must end. This week, we are calling on the Speaker to allow a vote so our con-stituents know where exactly we stand. There are several bills out there that would make a difference, including the bipartisan King-Thompson no fly, no buy that keeps guns out of the hands of terrorists and expands and strengthens background check systems. If we can’t agree on the fact that ter-rorists should not get their hands on guns in our country, then it is a polit-ical shame on the parts that are be-holden to political interests. Let’s vote on the Zero Tolerance for Domestic Abusers Act, which would prohibit individuals convicted of stalk-ing or domestic abuse from purchasing or owning a firearm; and let’s vote on the bipartisan Public Safety and Sec-ond Amendment Rights Protection Act, another bill of Congressman THOMPSON , which would improve the criminal history records systems, which would help our law enforcement and which would mandate that all com-mercial gun sales utilize this back-ground check system. b2030 It is not like we don’t have ideas. It is not like we don’t have a path for-ward to curb gun violence in America. There is no one cure-all. If we take a public health approach, if we reduce the risk of the multi-faceted aspects of gun violence, then we will reduce the risk of gun violence. By reducing the risk of gun violence, we reduce the incidence of gun violence in America. Let us vote so that terrorists and vio-lent criminals cannot access firearms, so we can prevent another Orlando. Let us vote to end gun violence to keep the American people safe. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in calling for no bill and no break. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for his comments and for his service not only as a distinguished Member of this body, but his time as a medical professional. Sadly, he had to witness the carnage that comes about because of gun violence. I applaud his effort to help us reduce gun violence, to pass some commonsense laws that protect the Second Amendment. As I said earlier, as a gun owner and as a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, I think that is absolutely necessary. I think it is absolutely irre-sponsible for any gun owner to not stand up and be counted when it comes to passing commonsense public safety measures, such as no fly, no buy and background checks for the commercial sale of firearms. I thank my colleagues who joined with me this evening in this Special Order. You heard from everyone who spoke that moments of silence are not enough. We have had 30 moments of si-lence since the tragedy at Sandy Hook. It is not enough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.099 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4047 June 21, 2016 
We need to stop being silent, we need to speak up, and we need to do our job. We need to show the courage that our constituents have placed in us. We need to do our job to make sure that when parents send their kids to school, they can be reasonably assured that their kids are going to be safe. We need to do our job so that when people go into a church to pray, they don’t have to worry about some maniac coming in and shooting them during their prayer hour. We need to do our job to make sure that when people are relaxing and recreating in a club, or wherever it might be, they can feel reasonably as-sured that their Congress has taken steps to keep guns out of the hands of people who are criminals and people who are dangerously mentally ill, do-mestic abusers, or terrorists. It is time to do our job. It is time to stop with the moments of silence. It is time to stand up, show some courage, and pass some commonsense, bipar-tisan gun violence prevention legisla-tion. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
TELLING SURVIVORS STORIES THROUGH THEIR OWN WORDS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
USSELL ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to talk about what occurred at Stanford University a couple of weeks ago and a follow-up to some of the events that occurred after that. The victim in that case gave a power-ful victim impact statement. It was 7,200 words long. Last week, 18 Mem-bers of Congress from both sides of the aisle, led by J
ACKIE SPEIER from Cali-fornia, read the statement into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD : JACKIE SPEIER  from California, K
ATHERINE CLARK  from Massachusetts, D
AVID CICILLINE  from Rhode Island, N
IKITSONGAS from Massachusetts, M
AXINE WATERS from California, B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN  from New Jersey, J
UDYCHUfrom Cali-fornia, A
NNA ESHOO from California, M
ARK TAKANO from California, D EBBIE  D
INGELL from Michigan, M ARCY KAP-
TUR from Ohio, T ULSI GABBARD from Hawaii, T
EDPOEfrom Texas, E RIC S
WALWELL from California, L ORETTA  S
ANCHEZ from California, S USAN DAVIS from California, P
AULGOSAR from Ari-zona, and A
NNMCLANE KUSTER from New Hampshire. It took almost an hour to read her compelling statement about what happened to her when the rapist, Brock Turner, committed this crime against her. After the crime was committed, there was a trial. The case was not, as we say in the system, plea bargained. There was no plea agreement. It was an actual trial. After the trial, the judge assessed punishment for three felony crimes that he committed—that being Brock Turner. The judge assessed pun-ishment as a misdemeanor of 6 months in jail, which means that Brock Turner will spend probably 90 days in jail, a half of a semester, for the crime that he committed against the victim. As a former prosecutor for 8 years trying these type of cases and a judge in Houston for 22 years hearing only criminal felony cases, I have seen his-torically how devastating the crime of sexual assault is. We, as a community, need to understand how victims are im-pacted by this crime. Obviously, the judge in the Stanford case didn’t get it. You can read what he said. It is obvious that he was more concerned about the feelings of the criminal and his future than he was about the victim. He was almost dismissive of her statement that she read into the record. There is a movement that is being started by a Stanford law professor, Michele Landis Dauber, whom I got to meet last week—very impressive, Mr. Speaker. She gets it. She understands about sexual assault, this crime espe-cially at Stanford, and the impact on the victim. She is using a recall system that is in California that a public official can be recalled if there are enough signatures on a petition to get the recall on the ballot. She is feisty, and she is going to get it done. I admire the State of California for having recall of public officials. This is a perfect example of why other States ought to have recall of public officials, especially judges who don’t get it right. In my opinion, the judge should be removed from office. After I spoke on the House floor, and then 19 Members spoke a couple of days later on the House floor about this crime, I have received hundreds—hun-dreds—of contacts from sexual assault victims throughout the country, pri-marily by email. Some of these sexual assault survivors have never told any-body, according to them, what hap-pened to them years ago or of recent years. Many of them just didn’t get the justice that they deserved. They didn’t tell for a lot of reasons, mainly because they were ashamed. Rape survivors—God bless them—think sometimes the crime is their fault. And it is not, Mr. Speaker. It is never the fault of the victim. When a sexual as-sault occurs, it is the fault of the criminal every time—not most of the time, every time. Judges need to un-derstand that. The justice system needs to work for victims of crime just like it works for the accused citizen. The same Con-stitution that protects defendants pro-tects victims of crime as well. We have come a long way since the days I was prosecuting. Once again, California has led the national move-ment for victims’ rights. My friend J
IM C
OSTA from California and I head up the Victims’ Rights Caucus. He was the sponsor of the Three Strikes sen-tencing law that passed in California. California has a history of looking out for victims. I commend California for that. I know that may shock you, Mr. Speaker, but I commend them for getting it right when it comes to vic-tims. In this particular case, it all went wrong. The victim articulated it quite well in her statement. I hope every Member of Congress reads the CON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD because the state-ment of that woman is in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . Just read it. And, more importantly, if you are a dad, read it to your sons as well. I will come back to that in a minute. I have four kids—three girls and a boy. I have 11 grandkids; 7 of them are girls. I sure don’t want my kids and my grandkids to continue to grow up in a society that doesn’t really take care of crime victims and is dismissive to them. Of the many survivors that wrote me, several bravely offered to share their stories with me. I am here to read some of those stories. Not all of them, just a few. Some have asked me not to give their names. Some are anonymous. Some said it is okay for me to say what their name is. I am not going to tell their whole name. I am just not going to do that. I think they deserve that privacy. I hope, by sharing these words, the world will see what out-standing resilience these few sexual as-sault victims have had over the years. Jennifer writes: 
It was January 2004. I was 24 years of age. I am a divorced mother of three elementary school children studying to become a pre-school teacher. The man I loved came home drunk after wrecking my car. My children were upstairs asleep. He beat me, beat my head against the cement floor, and then he raped me as I tried to stay quiet, so quiet, so still, so he would leave and no one upstairs would wake up. He did finally leave. My mother said that since I loved him, it wasn’t rape. Because I got involved with a man who would do that, it was my fault, and I couldn’t very well make him lose his job because of my poor judgment. I was young. I didn’t know. To this day, I blame myself for letting it happen, even though now I know that none of it was my fault. Because of that night, I have post-trau-matic stress disorder. My body remembers, even if my mind doesn’t know all of the de-tails. After reading the speech you made, I told my new husband about what happened to me. This was the first time I have ever told him. We have been together for 10 years. 
Mr. Speaker, in all due respect to Jennifer’s mother, Jennifer’s mother was wrong. It was not Jennifer’s fault that she fell in love with a worthless guy. And the sexual assault was cer-tainly not her fault. It was his fault. He should have been held accountable for what he did. Jennifer still suffers to this day for what that individual did. The rape—and we use the word ‘‘rape,’’ and we use ‘‘sexual assault.’’ ‘‘Sexual assault’’ is a relatively new term. It used to be called ‘‘rape’’ be-cause that is a specific type of sexual assault. Sexual assault is broader. But rape is never the fault of the victim, and neither is sexual assault. The defendant always has an excuse to blame the victim: ‘‘Well, she came 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.101 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4048 June 21, 2016 
on to me,’’ or, ‘‘It was what she was wearing,’’ or, ‘‘She was drunk,’’ or, ‘‘She was under the influence of nar-cotics’’; ‘‘She didn’t resist’’; ‘‘She didn’t scream’’; ‘‘She didn’t tell me no’’; ‘‘She didn’t run for help.’’ The de-fendants in these cases always blame the victim. But rape is not the fault of a victim. ‘‘No’’ means no. If people out there in America want to join in on this conversation, they can use the #survivorsspeak, and just keep discussing this issue because I think we should discuss this issue. Here we have a victim, ‘‘I said no.’’ Saying ‘‘no’’ means no. It doesn’t mean maybe. It doesn’t mean yes. ‘‘No’’ al-ways means no. So if folks want to join in on that, I would encourage them— #survivorsspeak. That is Jennifer’s story. This story was written by a family member because of the age of the vic-tim. She is anonymous, of course: 
Twenty-six years ago, a 6-year-old was raped in Mercedes, Texas. The rapist got his fix as he pleased. The pervert? Well, he is still on the loose. He is a pedophile, a rapist, and a scumbag, yet he still walks the streets. His victim is now 30 years of age. She still has post-traumatic stress disorder. She still cries, is depressed, and relives her tragedy each day. Thank Congress for what they are trying to do for this crime. 
This is a case where we know who the perpetrator was, and for some reason we don’t know, he got away with it— maybe because of the age of the victim; maybe she didn’t want to testify. We don’t know. b2045 He got away with it, and the victim still suffers now, 24 years later; but what happened to her when she was 6 years of age? Christina writes this: 
As a victim of rape 25 years ago, I am dis-appointed to see that we really haven’t made progress as a Nation or a people in changing the attitude toward rape victims. It is time to recognize the lifetime impact that rape has on a victim. It affects every part of your being. It is time to stop the line of ques-tioning that the victim is subjected to—the line of questions that insinuate: Well, what did you do to cause this? 
I have been at the courthouse. I see how criminal defense lawyers ask a question in cases like this. Usually, the defense is: the individual. It is the fault of the victim. It is not the fault of the rapist. That is one of the defenses—to go after the victims. Attack them. She continues: 
My assailant was a friend of a friend. It still causes me to be overly guarded with re-lationships. I still question my judgment. On every new date, the first thought is: Where is my escape route? Then it progresses to: What are the signs that I am ignoring that I should be aware of that would harm me? I am aware that this is an abnormal thought process, but more than 25 years later, it is what I need to do to feel safe again—a life-time of grief. 
Aja writes this: 
My name is Aja. I was raped. I have not re-ceived any sort of justice for the act com-mitted against me. I have stayed silent about this for nearly 5 years, and, today, that ends. Today, I am no longer a victim of crime, but I am a survivor. I am not alone. I am not my past. I am not meant to stay si-lent. I actually matter. Good for Aja. Hillary writes this: 
I am writing you so my voice and so many others may be heard. I was 19 when I was drugged and raped. To this day, I will never know how many individuals raped me. I may have no memory of the act, but it doesn’t change the outcome. I was unconscious and never was given a chance to say no. I will al-ways remember the pain, seeing the bruises that covered the inside of my thighs. My un-derwear was ripped from my body and tied together and put back on. I never want to see those clothes again. I reported my rape, but never received jus-tice, like so many other rape victims. I went through humiliating questions from the po-lice. I felt so much pain and humiliation again at the hospital, through the pregnancy tests, the STD test, and the HIV test. Pic-tures were taken of my bruises on my body, and I felt so much shame. When the rape kit was done, I cried. It was painful. I felt ru-ined. I was given a lifelong sentence while he and others walk free. I live with the feeling of shame. I could not smile. I live, even to this day, with night-mares. I blame myself because—maybe, if I had not taken that drink. He took my voice for years—a piece of me he did not deserve. I went through lots of therapy for depres-sion, but I will live in fear no more. My body was taken without asking, but I have a voice now, and it will not be silenced. I tell my story so others won’t feel alone. We didn’t ask for this. We need to make sure that no more victims are made to feel like they did something wrong. I did nothing wrong. I didn’t violate him, but I carry the scars of what he did. I stand with every vic-tim out there. I cried while writing this let-ter. It is the first time I have given my voice to be heard. Thank you again for giving us a voice to fight with. 
She is thanking all Members of Con-gress who have spoken out against this type of crime. This is another anonymous indi-vidual. I have three more, including this one. 
Mr. P OE, I can only hope that your words will be heeded and that the wrong will be made right, just a tiny bit, by this victim. From personal experience, the nightmares never stop. Not even after my rapist was killed in prison did the nightmares stop. I still see his face in the dark. I can hear his voice appraising my body like I was a cow at an auction. I have carried this burden since I was 7 years old, and it can’t ever be fixed, but we can stop it from being the fate of oth-ers by making the punishment so severe, the crime is not an option. 
She probably wouldn’t have agreed with the 6-month sentence that the Stanford judge gave the defendant who will only do 90 days. Another anonymous letter: 
In college, a man broke into my apartment and brutally raped, beat, and pistol-whipped me. 
It is hard to read this, Mr. Speaker. 
He sodomized me with his gun. I have hor-rible flashbacks and can barely live a day when I don’t have anxiety or panic attacks and the wish just to die and end it all from the emotional, physical, and psychological damage that he did to me. You give some of us hope, and I want to sincerely thank you and other Members of Congress for standing up for us rape victims. I am honored for you to share my story to help others, but I want to remain anonymous because I still fear my attacker even though I don’t know his name. My rapist knows my name. He stalked me prior to the rape. Thank you for taking the time to write me back. The last case, Lauren’s, was a case I actually tried. I tried the person who assaulted her and her sister. It was in 1997. Lauren was the age of 11, and her stepsister was 9 years of age. They were repeatedly molested, not by a stranger or by a friend, but by someone closer—their grandfather. He molested them several times. This happened 20 years ago next year, and Lauren still can’t talk much about it. She reached out to my office to tell us that sexual assault stays with you for life. In her case, the individual was convicted. He received a 10-year sentence in one case and a 5-year sentence in the other, and they were stacked on top of each other, which means he had to do 15 years in the penitentiary of the State of Texas. We have done some good things over the years. We have done some good things in Congress. The Justice for All Act strengthens the rights of victims of crime in the criminal justice proc-ess, increasing their access to restitu-tion and the reauthorization of vic-tims’ notification grants. It takes steps to reduce the rape kit backlog. It ex-pands the use of sexual assault nurse examiners in underserved commu-nities. I have been around so long that, when I started prosecuting cases, we didn’t have a rape kit. We didn’t know what that was. We certainly didn’t have DNA. But we have rape kits now because some wonderful doctors have figured this out, some of them at the Texas Children’s Hospital in Houston. It is a forensic kit that is taken of the sexual assault victim. These items are analyzed and tracked through DNA to find out who the rapist was; but right now, in our country, we have rape kits that are sitting on the shelves in police departments throughout the country that are gathering dust. People just can’t get around to solving these crimes. They make all kinds of ex-cuses: We don’t have the money; we just need more help. The bottom line is that we are deny-ing justice to sexual assault victims for the failure to analyze these rape kits. We need to analyze the rape kits, but it cuts both ways, Mr. Speaker. Some of these rape kits, after they are ana-lyzed, exonerate people in the peniten-tiary. Get it done. Solve this problem of the backlog of rape kits. There is no excuse for the Justice Department, for the FBI, for any local law enforcement agency not to analyze those sexual as-sault kits right away. You see, when the crime is com-mitted, Mr. Speaker, the system works in such a way that we don’t let the vic-tims forget about what happened to them because they may have to testify, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.102 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4049 June 21, 2016 
and they can’t get on with their lives, so to speak, until the rape kit is ana-lyzed, and the idea that one has to wait a year or 2 years before we know who committed this crime is abuse of the system. The system is abusing the vic-tim again. Like I said, it may exon-erate an offender who is in the peniten-tiary. So no more excuses. It needs to be a priority of police departments. Analyze the sexual assault kits, analyze that DNA, because it really is good evidence in the courtroom to convict the guilty and exonerate the innocent; but you can’t get to that point and the victims can’t get to trial until the sexual as-sault kit is analyzed. They have to con-tinue to remember this. They can’t for-get it, not that they would forget it, but they can’t get on with their lives. The same thing is true about post-poning these cases. So many judges take a sexual assault case and: Ah, we will postpone this case. We are going to try some slip-and-fall case instead. Courts in the United States, by the legislative authority of the legisla-tures, should make a priority of sexual assault cases, especially of minor chil-dren, and put them in the line first to get their day in court. Some States do it—some don’t—but that is one easy fix that we could do. Of course, this law, the Justice for All Act, protects VAWA funding streams that are critical to crime pre-vention, and I mentioned about DNA testing. I mentioned J
IMCOSTA —a great American. This issue is a bipartisan issue. We have 80 in our Victims’ Rights Caucus—40 Republicans and 40 Democrats. Every year, we have this fight with the appropriators. We are in the appropriations season. There was a great law that was passed by Con-gress—sponsored, I believe, by Ronald Reagan or whoever—that said this: When a criminal is convicted in Fed-eral court, the judge may impose a fee, and that fee goes into what is called the Victims of Crime Act fund. VOCA is what it is called. God bless those Federal judges. They are nailing these criminals, because more and more money every year is going into the Vic-tims of Crime Act fund. That fund is to be used for victims of crime, including for services, restoration, counseling— all of those good things that we now do for victims that we didn’t used to do; but here is the problem: More money than ever before is com-ing into the Victims of Crime Act fund. Right now, my understanding is there is $9 billion in the fund. Now, this isn’t taxpayer money. This is money that criminals have paid toward the rent on the courthouse. They have paid for the crimes they have committed, plus their sentences, and it is a fund that is sup-posed to go to crime victims. It is a great idea. The problem is Congress— us. This has been going on for years. It doesn’t appropriate all of the money every year that came in the previous year. Only about 30 percent of it is ap-propriated to crime victims’ organiza-tions, and many of these organizations are barely keeping their lights on. I am no appropriator. I am not a CPA. I am a lawyer. The appropriators say: Well, we can’t spend that money because we need it as an offset for other spending in other programs. It is not for other programs. It is not taxpayer money. What JIMCOSTA and I have been trying to do since we came in here in 2005 is to say: What goes in this year comes out next year. Spend it all. We don’t need to have a rainy day fund because the money keeps going up every year because Federal judges are making defendants pay into this fund. Once again, it belongs to victims of crime, but it is administered by the Justice Department. It is no reflection on this administration. It has been going on for years. The Justice Depart-ment just hangs onto it because the ap-propriators don’t spend it all and ap-propriate all of the money, as I said, because they want to use it as an off-set. b2100 The country and some judges, like the one at Stanford, have to get their mindset right today in 2016. Sexual as-sault is a crime we don’t talk much about. It is just kind of distasteful, so we don’t talk about it. We talk about other things. Yet, these sexual assault victims live quiet lives of despair. And I have known a lot over the years. Some of them keep in contact with me. They just call to check in. And they don’t ever get over it, Mr. Speaker. We would hope that they would. We would hope they get their lives together. You know they become survivors, but, emotion-ally, many of them just don’t get over it for a lot of reasons; because they are ashamed, their mom told them it was their fault, whatever. We need to make it real clear that Congress is on the side of sexual as-sault victims. Make no mistake about it, we are on their side because really we are their only voice. We are it. If we don’t speak for them and help legisla-tion forward to protect them, it doesn’t get done. So we have a lot to do. One thing that I would like to men-tion, the father and the mother of the rapist gave a statement to the judge, and I read those statements. I would like to talk about the father. He basi-cally blamed the victim for the con-duct of his son. He is wrong. And the problem is he actually believes it is her fault. He didn’t just say that to try to protect his son. He believes it is her fault. That is what is really bad. Most of us who are males in this House, we have sons. I do have one. I have grandsons. We have an obligation to raise our sons in accordance with basic human rights and explain to them when they are very young that there are some things you just can’t do. You are going to be punished for it, but also it is wrong. Sexual assault is one of those. It is wrong. You cannot do that. We need to explain that, because we have a genera-tion of young males—every generation of young males has to be reeducated. We have that obligation in our fami-lies to educate our sons that because you think you are somebody, you are not going to get off if you do that crime, whether you are an athlete, whether you come from pedigree, whether you are rich, famous, what-ever. We need to explain to our sons that it is morally wrong to sexually as-sault a person under any circumstances because ‘‘no’’ always means no. It is not the fault of the victim. So I would encourage dads to do this. This doesn’t cost any money. It doesn’t cost any legislation, but it is a moral obligation we have as fathers. I think if fathers did a better job—I have said this a long time—if fathers did a better job, we would have fewer young males at the courthouse; because most of the people who showed up at the court-house when I was a judge, they were young males. Most of them were under 25 years of age and they were males. And it is not because the women get away with it. It is because young males commit most of the crime. We have that obligation, and I encourage fa-thers to do that. I want to talk about two more cases that I was involved in. I tried this case as a prosecutor, and this was a senior citizen. Sadie was her first name. And in the trial, the victim had to state what happened to her. She would never say ‘‘rape.’’ She certainly never said ‘‘sexual assault’’ because we didn’t use that term, but she kept testifying from the witness stand. What happened to you? And she said: It is a fate worse than death. Well, can you be a little more de-tailed? No. It is a fate worse than death. And we went through this for a little bit, and she kept saying that: It is a fate worse than death. She eventually said enough of the right words to meet the legal qualifica-tion for rape. And I asked her at the trial: Why do you keep saying it is a fate worse than death? I don’t know if you have ever heard that before or not. And she said: It is real simple. When you die, you die once. When this crime is committed against you, you die every day. It is a fate worse than death. That is the way sexual assault vic-tims view this crime, and that is the way the law ought to view this crime. To many, it is a fate worse than death. And she had it perfectly because it is a fate worse than death. The last case I will talk about is one that I prosecuted as well. This indi-vidual, the victim in this case—I won’t use her name because her family still lives in Houston—she was leaving one of our major universities and driving home to a town north of Houston, and all the lights turned on on the dash-board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.104 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4050 June 21, 2016 
She is having car trouble, and she pulled into a service station. She thought it was open. It was not. She came in contact with who she thought was the service station attendant. He was not the service station attendant. I am not going to mention his name; he doesn’t deserve it. He kidnapped her. He had a gun. He took her from this area, put her into some woods, sexually assaulted her, beat her up, and she survived because she was a remarkable lady. In fact, my understanding now after the trial, the defendant was mad that she did sur-vive. Anyway, he is tried. He is convicted by a jury of 12 right-thinking Houstonians who convicted the defend-ant. In Texas we have, in some cases, jury sentencing. And the jury sen-tenced this individual, this rapist, to 99 years in the Texas penitentiary. That was the maximum. He deserved every minute of it. Now, we would hope everything would be okay and that life would go on. Bad guy, outlaw, goes to prison; sexual assault victim gets justice in court. But it doesn’t work that way be-cause that is not life. The first thing that happened was she started abusing alcohol and then other narcotics. Her husband left her. And a year—maybe 2 years—after the crime, I get a call from her mother, and she tells me that her daughter has taken her own life and she left a note that says: I’m tired of running from the criminal in my nightmares. See, she got the death penalty for what somebody did to her. In the cases that I mentioned tonight and the many, many others that we have all received since last week, there are a lot of victim survivors. And we really are judged by the way we treat innocent folks in our community; not the rich, not the famous, not the ath-letes, but by the way we treat the inno-cent, the kids, the people who have no voice in our justice system, except Congress. So we speak for them, and we need to speak for them as well. So I would remind the people that are out listening to this to use the #survivorsspeak and weigh in on this conversation if they want. Mr. Speaker, this subject, as I men-tioned at the outset, is one that we sometimes don’t want to talk about, but we can’t ignore it ever, not any-more, not today, not in this town, or any town in America. That is why the Stanford judge needs to go, and that is why I commend the folks in California for having a recall petition. Judges need to get their head on straight to know they have to get it right every time when it comes to jus-tice. The scales of justice are a bal-ancing act. Justice for defendants, but also justice for victims and survivors of crime, because rape is never the fault of the victim. And when a rapist com-mits a crime against usually a woman or a child, that rapist is stealing the very soul of that victim because that is what happens sometimes. Let us not forget that. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
WE ARE ALL EMILY DOE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) for 30 minutes. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Judge P
OEfor his eloquent words tonight. I appreciate the bipar-tisan sentiment. I rise tonight in solidarity with my courageous colleagues from across the country who spoke last week and, as Judge P
OEjoined us, we read the elo-quent words of the survivor in the Stanford University case. We rise tonight to show our con-tinuing support for the woman known to the world as Emily Doe and to join with all of our sisters at Stanford and on college campuses and in commu-nities around the Nation with one sim-ple message to America: We are all Emily Doe. I am going to start my remarks to-night 40 years ago on a cold winter night at a prestigious college campus— this time on the East Coast—I was an 18-year-old student. I was going to a dance. The dance was at a fraternity, and I intended to enjoy the evening with my friends. We danced. We lis-tened to music. We enjoyed the evening and we enjoyed the party until one young man assaulted me in a crude and insulting way, and I ran alone into the cold, dark night. I have never forgotten that night. I was filled with shame, re-gret, humiliation while he was egged on by everyone at that party standing by. Several years later, I was working as a legislative assistant right here on Capitol Hill, and I was assaulted again, this time by a distinguished guest of the United States Congress. I was 23 years old. And as Judge P
OEreferenced tonight, I did not say a word to anyone. And, in fact, until I wrote these words to share with you tonight, I had never told anyone this story. My family didn’t know, my husband, my children, my friends. I was 23. A few months after that evening, I was walking home from dinner at a diner right here on Capitol Hill. If I named it, you all would know it well. I was mugged. I was grabbed in the dark, and I fought free. And when I broke free, I ran, again, alone into the cold, dark night. I tell these stories tonight on the floor of the United States Congress not because they are remarkable or unique. Sadly, I tell these stories because they are all too common. You see, all of us—Members of Con-gress, college students, soldiers and sailors, mothers and sisters—we are all Emily Doe. And the message we hear and the message that the court sent in Stanford is that we are not safe, we are not secure, and we do not deserve to be free, free from sexual assault, free from rape, free from rude, crude, obnoxious offensive assaults on our bodies, on our beings, on ourselves. What we hear on college campuses, on military bases, in the workplace, and in the courthouse is that he has a future; he has potential; he was drunk; he didn’t mean any harm; he just want-ed to have fun, to get some action, and then get on with his life. b2115 What about her? What about her fu-ture? The student, the soldier, the sail-or, the mother, the sister? We have been silent for too long. We also have potential. We also have a future. We are all Emily Doe, and tonight we will not be silent anymore. Tonight we stand together—Repub-licans and Democrats, mothers and sis-ters—from across the country to take a stand for liberty and justice for all. We will fight for consequences for the 3 percent of men on college campuses and in our communities who are sexual predators and a menace to women ev-erywhere. We will fight for bystander education and sexual assault preven-tion. For the 97 percent of men on college campuses and in our communities who can be part of the solution, join us in taking a stand against sexual assault. We will reward college campuses that are open, transparent, and not only change their policies and programs but actually hold the perpetrators account-able and provide real and effective counseling and support for those stu-dents who have been assaulted. And we will impose sanctions on col-lege administrators who fail to act, fail to change, fail to prevent, fail to pro-tect. Every student deserves to be safe; every student deserves to be secure, to live her life and to live her future. So remember, tonight we are all Emily Doe. She has given us our voice, and we will not be silent any longer. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), my good friend and colleague. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Hampshire for her personal story. It is moving, it is courageous, and it makes a difference. We so appre-ciate your words because your story is our story, and it is the story of our daughters, our nieces, our grand-daughters, and ourselves. Approximately 20 percent of women who go to college will be sexually as-saulted, and according to the Depart-ment of Justice and the Center for Public Policy, 95 percent of those women will not report their crimes be-cause they don’t think they will be be-lieved. They think they will be humili-ated and shamed. As Emily Doe said so eloquently and brutally frankly in her statement to her rapist Brock Turner, the judicial system and institutions will blame the victim. She had her consent questioned even though she was unconscious. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.105 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4051 June 21, 2016 
Another college student recently in the news in Massachusetts went to WPI, and when she was lured to a roof-top and raped by a university security guard, she was questioned in the court-room on her so-called risky behavior of drinking alcohol, not getting off the el-evator when the guard followed her on, and that she had ignored training on personal safety. Recently at Harvard, an alumni group president of an elite men’s club offered that the suggestion of making the club coed was not a good one be-cause it would potentially increase sex-ual assault at the club, not decrease it. Alcohol, trusting security guards, the mere presence of women, none of it justifies rape. Alcohol highlights the deeply rooted ideas of entitlement that we have, and in rapists—and in, too fre-quently, mass shooters—it is what Mi-chael Kimmel terms ‘‘aggrieved enti-tlement,’’ a powerful toxic world view that justifies violent action against children, women, elderly, or the LGBTQ community because the perpe-trator believes they can act with impu-nity. So how do we begin to change this horrifying landscape? First, we need to collect data. We need to understand who is perpetrating these crimes to un-derstand how we can get to better solu-tions. A lack of accurate capture and analysis for understanding perpetra-tion has caused us to not be able to frame the questions for better solu-tions. Second, we have to look at funding. Cuts to social services for domestic vi-olence and sexual assault are ones that we simply can’t afford in our very first line of defense and the funding that is so necessary to build communities. We also need to talk to our children about sexual assault. A No More study re-vealed 73 percent of parents with chil-dren under the age of 18 have never talked to them about sexual assault, domestic violence, or even alcohol. And we certainly aren’t talking about dou-ble standards, power imbalances, bias, and bigotry. Finally, we need to look at our insti-tutions: higher education—our colleges and universities—community policing, and our criminal justice system. We must enable transparency and account-ability and counteract our deep cul-tural questions and questioning and disbelief of victims and stereotypes that enable entitlements to flourish violently. The work that Representative K
USTER has called for tonight begins with us, and I thank her again for her leadership and her bravery and her friendship not just to me, but to all women. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative C
LARK . I now yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), my good friend and colleague. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman K
USTER for or-ganizing this Special Order this evening and for bringing attention to such a critical issue. I also want to thank Congresswoman CLARK for her story as well. I appreciate so much her taking the time tonight. Most impor-tantly, I want to thank both gentle-women for sharing their stories. I thank Congresswoman K
USTER for hav-ing the courage to share her personal story, which I think will give hope and strength to women and survivors across the country. Sexual assault is an epidemic that knows no boundaries. It is a crisis on our campuses that mandates the attention of every Mem-ber of Congress. I was in college in the late 1970s and the early 1980s, and I know what hap-pened back then is sadly still hap-pening today. I know of a college gang rape that happened when I was in school. I know of men who would brag about taking turns on drunk or uncon-scious women who could not give con-sent. They were not in a position to give consent. We would hear about these experiences later when a survivor was brave enough to confide in her friends about what happened on that night. But every time, without exception, she felt powerless, with little hope that justice would be on her side if she re-ported the crime. That is because the rape culture is suffocating for women all across America. She knew then that they would ask her what she was wear-ing, was she showing cleavage, were her jeans too tight. She knew they would ask her how much she had to drink, if she were asking for it because she had a few cocktails, and she knew that they would ask about her sexual history, if she were promiscuous, if she egged him on. This is the rape culture that sexual assault survivors live through each and every day. All of these memories came rushing back to me when I learned about the brave survivor at Stanford University. She courageously shared her vivid, graphic, and horrifying story of what happened before and after she was raped. Now, I didn’t say during, be-cause she was unconscious when she was raped behind Stanford University’s dumpster. Mr. Speaker, I am sick. I am sick and tired about this epidemic while we have meaningful legislation that sits and dies in committee. Those of us here tonight strongly support this legisla-tion that will reform the way sexual assaults are handled on our college campuses. But where is the movement? Where is the vote on this floor of this Congress? The silence and the inaction from Congress is deafening and appall-ing. For example, the Campus Account-ability and Safety Act only has 34 co-sponsors. That is right, 34 cosponsors out of 435 Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. Just as troubling is the HALT Act, the HALT Campus Sex-ual Violence Act, which has only one Republican cosponsor—I repeat, one Republican cosponsor. And why I bring that up is because rape is not a partisan issue. It does not have a label of Republican or Democrat on it. Rape victims are not Repub-licans; they are not Democrats. They are human beings, and they deserve better. At bare minimum, they deserve a hearing and a vote on this floor of Congress. Let me just say this. If women made up more than our measly 20 percent of Congress, if Congress truly reflected the makeup of America, where 50-plus percent of Americans are women, I guarantee that sexual assault wouldn’t be a back-burner issue because this has impacted all of us: our friends, our sis-ters, our daughters. They have lived this experience. As a woman in Congress, I will not stay silent because why be Congress-women if we can’t help other women and do so vigorously and boldly? I will not stay silent while one in five college women experiences sexual assault dur-ing her undergraduate years. As a woman in Congress, I will not stay si-lent because every female staffer I work with knows of a woman who was raped in college. How many more college women will be raped before Congress will act? We are here tonight for Emily Doe, who was sexually assaulted behind that fra-ternity dumpster while she was uncon-scious. We are all here for all survivors because we see you, we hear you, we re-spect you. As women Members of Con-gress, we will amplify your voice until there is action. Let me be clear. We will not be silent until meaningful ac-tion is taken. We will continue to chal-lenge the status quo so all survivors are given the adequate justice they de-serve. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative B
USTOS and Represent-ative C
LARK . There were others who planned to join us, but because of the weather, their flights were not able to land. With these stories, we hope to show that Emily Doe is not alone and, in fact, we are all Emily Doe. These types of experiences happen to every type of woman across the coun-try—not just students, not just young women—mothers, daughters, teachers, and, yes, even Members of Congress. And that is why we must all come out of the shadows and the silence and de-mand action be taken to put an end to the victimization of women and other individuals by their abusers. So tonight, Mr. Speaker, we want to speak to America to say: we will be si-lent no longer. We hear you. We hear the stories of the survivors. And we plan to make this Congress take the action that needs to be done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1270, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Ms. K
USTER ), from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–638) on the resolution (H. Res. 793) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1270) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.107 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4052 June 21, 2016 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5485, FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Ms. K
USTER ), from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–639) on the resolution (H. Res. 794) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a family event. Mr. D
UFFY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of travel delays. Ms. H
AHN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of weath-er-delayed flight. Mr. J
EFFRIES (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2736. An act to improve access to dura-ble medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce; in addition, to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 337. An act to improve the Freedom of Information Act. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 22, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5456. A bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and sup-ported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–628). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5388. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to provide for inno-vative research and development, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–629). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5389. A bill to encourage engage-ment between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–630). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5452. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit indi-viduals eligible for Indian Health Service as-sistance to qualify for health savings ac-counts; with an amendment (Rept. 114–631). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CALVERT. Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 5538. A bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–632). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2538. A bill to take lands in Sonoma County, California, into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria of California, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–633). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5447. A bill to provide an ex-ception from certain group health plan re-quirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangements; with an amendment (Rept. 114–634, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. House Resolution 737. Resolution condemning and censuring John A. Koskinen, the Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–635, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4921. A bill to amend chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, to require the maintenance of certain records for 3 years, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–636). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. S. 1550. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to estab-lish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–637). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 793. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1270) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify ex-penses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements (Rept. 114–638). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 794. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making ap-propriations for financial services and gen-eral government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–639). Referred to the House Cal-endar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5447 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. M
ENG): H.R. 5537. A bill to promote internet access in developing countries and update foreign policy toward the internet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R OS-
KAM): H.R. 5539. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come contributions to the capital of a part-nership, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Mr. F
ARR, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. O’R OURKE ): H.R. 5540. A bill to establish a fair and transparent process that will result in the timely consolidation, closure, and realign-ment of military installations inside the United States and will realize improved effi-ciencies in the cost and management of mili-tary installations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Appropria-tions, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. N
ORCROSS ): H.R. 5541. A bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act to establish procedures for Federal credit unions to provide credit union services to underserved areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 5542. A bill to amend titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act to establish a comprehensive and nationwide system to evaluate the quality of care provided to beneficiaries of Medicaid and the Children’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.109 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4053 June 21, 2016 
Health Insurance Program and to provide in-centives for voluntary quality improvement; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , and Mr. K ILDEE ): H.R. 5543. A bill to prioritize educating and training for existing and new environmental health professionals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 5544. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the transfer of a firearm to a person whose name is in the Terrorist Screening Database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S
AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. N
UNES , and Mrs. B LACK ): H.R. 5545. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the application of certain rules with respect to certain for-eign countries; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5546. A bill to preempt State laws pre-venting a major city from regulating fire-arm-related conduct in the city that occurs in or affects interstate or foreign commerce; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 5547. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for increased price transparency of hospital information and to provide for additional research on consumer information on charges and out-of- pocket costs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Ms. K USTER ): H.R. 5548. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing Hall; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. F
ARR): H.R. 5549. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to make marijuana acces-sible for use by qualified medical marijuana researchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. B
OU-
STANY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S
AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. N
UNES , and Mrs. B LACK ): H.R. 5550. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on United States dollar clearing done for the benefit of Iran or Iranian persons; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5551. A bill to require advance appro-priations for the expenditure of any funds collected by the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Agriculture, Transportation and In-frastructure, and Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5552. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish an exemption from a rule or regulation to regulate payday loans, vehicle title loans, or other similar loans for certain States and In-dian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5553. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require fines col-lected for violations of the rules of the Mu-nicipal Rulemaking Board to be deposited into the Treasury and to amend the Sar-banes-Oxley Act of 2002 to remove a require-ment on the use of certain funds; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5554. A bill to require the Comptroller of the Currency to transfer administrative jurisdiction over the old Office of Thrift Su-pervision building to the General Services Administration; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HILL (for himself, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. C OLE, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. P EARCE ): H. Res. 795. A resolution recognizing the 70th Anniversary of the Fulbright Program; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 5537. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 5538. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 5539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause l of Section 8 of Article I By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 5540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defense’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 5541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ By Ms. DEGETTE: H.R. 5542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 5543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 5544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 3. Within the Enumerated Powers of the U.S. Constitution, Congress is granted the power to lay and col-lect taxes. To regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article I, section 8, clause 18. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5546. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause—Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HARRIS: H.R. 5549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the power to regulate com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21JN7.100 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4054 June 21, 2016 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer therof.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 225: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 258: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 391: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 465: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 532: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 539: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 563: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 670: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 711: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 729: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 735: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 829: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 969: Mr. C
RENSHAW . H.R. 1076: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S
ABLAN and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 1192: Ms. H
AHN, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H OLD-
ING. H.R. 1211: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1221: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1311: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1343: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1559: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 1586: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1706: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 1736: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1763: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 1858: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1865: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1941: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2035: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2142: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2237: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2254: Mr. H
IGGINS . H.R. 2315: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2380: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 2493: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2515: Mr. A
SHFORD and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2519: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2612: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 2622: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2646: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 2713: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2726: Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R OHRABACHER . H.R. 2737: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 2903: Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2963: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2994: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3012: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 3051: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3095: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 3151: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 3178: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3179: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3222: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mr. M CHENRY . H.R. 3268: Mr. H
OYER . H.R. 3356: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3381: Mr. H
ECKof Washington, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 3514: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3520: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3546: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 3720: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3815: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 3870: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 3936: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3957: Mr. S
ALMON . H.R. 4019: Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 4062: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK and Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 4140: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4172: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 4177: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4214: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4219: Mr. Z
INKE and Mr. K IND. H.R. 4247: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4276: Mrs. C
APPS and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4362: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4365: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 4380: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4381: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 4399: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4479: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4514: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4525: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4592: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. B LUM, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4613: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4626: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. J
OYCE , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4640: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4646: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4667: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4695: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4763: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4764: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4766: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4769: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 4770: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. C ROW-
LEY, and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 4828: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
RIFFITH , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 4848: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 4907: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 4918: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4927: Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4931: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4956: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4959: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4980: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 5001: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5061: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5082: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 5119: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. P ALM-
ER. H.R. 5133: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 5165: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5166: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5168: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. K USTER , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 5177: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 5180: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R
OYCE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H
ARPER , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 5204: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5207: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 5210: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 5219: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5230: Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 5235: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 5249: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5292: Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. K
LINE, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5295: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 5307: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5332: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. Z INKE, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5356: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5447: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. T URNER , Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. A
LLEN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R
OKITA , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 5456: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 5457: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. M CKIN-
LEY. H.R. 5475: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 5483: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5484: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 5486: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5488: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 5499: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 5500: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5504: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. M EEKS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.062 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4055 June 21, 2016 
Ms. L EE, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H IMES, Mrs. C
APPS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B
ERA, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. L
OWEY , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 5506: Ms. S
INEMA and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5513: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 5523: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. R EED, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. M
ARCHANT , and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN . H.R. 5525: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 5528: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5529: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5531: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 136: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H. Res. 12: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H. Res. 28: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 54: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H. Res. 62: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 94: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 230: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 289: Mr. F
ARR. H. Res. 605: Mr. S
CHIFF . H. Res. 686: Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. F ARR. H. Res. 728: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Ms. L OF-
GREN . H. Res. 729: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. K IND, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. B LUM, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. R EED, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. L
AHOOD, and Mr. N EAL. H. Res. 739: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H. Res. 750: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. M URPHY of Flor- ida, and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H. Res. 752: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn- sylvania, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. E
DWARDS , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 755: Mr. M
ASSIE and Ms. L EE. H. Res. 769: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H OYER , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ELA, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. R USH, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, and Mr. H
ONDA . H. Res. 782: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. K
NIGHT . H. Res. 789: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. M OORE , Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.060 H21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4373 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 2016 No. 99 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God and Father of all, without whom our labor is but lost and with whom the weak are made mighty, make us wor-thy of Your mercies. Lord, help our lawmakers to find strength in Your abiding love. Lift their minds to the pure serenity of Your presence, enabling them to meet life’s challenges with faith and opti-mism. May they find delight in doing Your will because Your precepts are within their hearts. Remind them that all that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good people to do nothing. De-liver them from sins of commission and omission, as You liberate them from all lesser loves and loyalties, until they find in You their reason for being. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FIGHTING TERRORISM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday the Justice Department re-leased a transcript of the Orlando ter-rorist’s 911 call in which he claimed re-sponsibility for the attack and declared his loyalty to ISIL. ‘‘What’s your name?’’ the operator asked. ‘‘My name,’’ he said, ‘‘is I pledge alle-giance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi of the Islamic State.’’ It was 2:35 a.m., a half-hour into his terrorist attack. The terrorist would soon meet his end at the hands of law enforcement, and first responders would make their way through the aftermath of his ISIL-inspired hatred— the deafening hum of unanswered cell phones crescendoing around them. CIA Director Brennan called this ter-rorist attack ‘‘an assault on the values of openness and tolerance that define us as a nation.’’ He is right. The report he delivered to Congress last week was sobering. Here is what seems clear to me. It seems clear that this vile, hateful terrorist organization is going to keep bringing tragedies to our doorsteps until we defeat ISIL where it actually trains, operates, and prepares for at-tacks—places like Iraq and Syria. It also seems clear that the Presi-dent’s current ‘‘containment’’ strategy has not been sufficient to defeat ISIL abroad or to prevent more ISIL-in-spired attacks right here at home. The President needs to finally lead a campaign to accomplish this objective. Senators in both parties should work to fight terror beyond our borders and prevent attacks within them. This is an area where Republicans have long been focused. Now is the time for Democrats to join us too. Work with us to connect the dots on terrorist com-munications. Work with us to address the threat of lone-wolf attacks. Work with us to prevent more Americans from being inspired by ISIL, like the terrorist in Orlando. Yesterday Democrats had a chance to support serious constitutional pro-posals from Senators C
ORNYN and G
RASSLEY that would have helped to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of terrorists and improve the na-tional background check system. While a majority of the Senate voted to sup-port these proposals, most Democrats voted against both. So let me say this again. Senator CORNYN put forward a serious proposal designed to prevent known or sus-pected terrorists from being able to buy a gun, and Democrats voted against it. Now, does that mean Democrats have decided to sell weapons to ISIL? Of course not. Democrats surely don’t be-lieve their leadership’s claim that any Senator voted to sell guns to terrorists last night, just as Democrats really don’t believe that every Democrat who voted against the Cornyn amendment to block such sales and take terrorists off the streets is guilty of voting to sell guns to terrorists. We all agree that the Obama admin-istration must prevent the sale of guns to terrorists. Disagreeing on how best to do that doesn’t require amateur claims that we all know to be false. So why don’t we get serious. ISIL is not the JV team. It is not contained. We need to defeat it overseas if we want to prevent more terrorist trage-dies here at home. By working together in the Senate, we could give this President and the next one more tools to achieve that ob-jective, and we could advance common-sense, counterterror solutions to keep Americans safer here at home. This week we will have the oppor-tunity to strengthen our ability to combat lone-wolf terrorists and con-nect the dots so we are better able to prevent terrorist attacks here in the United States. It is an example of seri-ous, thoughtful policy where we can work together to make progress for the American people. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.000 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4374 June 21, 2016 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. REID. Mr. President, last night the Republican leader filed cloture on the McCain amendment. The Repub-lican leader has committed to a Demo-cratic alternative pending to the McCain amendment, and we have one. We have it ready now, and we will have it typed up and ready to go in a couple of hours. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. REID. Mr. President, in the aftermath of last week’s mass murder in Orlando that took the lives of 49 people, we saw where the American people stand on gun control. We know that gun safety is essential to making us a safer, more secure America. As an example of what went on in Orlando after that terrible morning, people stood for hours in long lines waiting to donate blood. People attended large gatherings to express their united grief. People left flowers and figurines at the scene of the murders. In cities across the country, people stood at candlelight vigils to honor members of the LGBT community and the Latino community who were slaughtered. Here in the Capitol, Senator M
URPHY  stood on the floor of the Senate for 15 hours demanding that Congress act to stop gun violence. In Florida, families and friends of victims stood grieving at graveside services for their murdered loved ones. Where were Senate Republicans? Where did they stand? Yet again, Sen-ate Republicans stood with the Na-tional Rifle Association. Yesterday, the leader of Gun Owners of America—the shadow organization of the NRA—said he believed that peo-ple should be armed in bars and tav-erns. That is what he said. Last night, for the third time in as many years, Senate Republicans stood with the NRA in blocking common-sense gun legislation that would keep firearms and explosives away from sus-pected terrorists and other dangerous individuals. Senate Republicans proved again that regardless of how brutal the mas-sacre or how reasonable the solution, ultimately—it doesn’t matter; there is never a good time—their actions will be dictated by the National Rifle Asso-ciation. A CNN poll released yesterday said 90 percent of Americans support expanded background checks and 85 percent of Americans support legislation keeping guns away from suspected terrorists. There is one reason that these pro-posals are not already law—the Na-tional Rifle Association—because they oppose anything dealing with guns. How can Senate Republicans side with the NRA against the American people? Ninety percent of Americans support expanded background checks. If you are a criminal or a crazy person, you shouldn’t be able to get a gun. Eighty-five percent of Americans sup-port legislation keeping guns away from suspected terrorists. But the NRA doesn’t support that, and so Senate Re-publicans don’t support it. Here is a little secret for my Repub-lican colleagues: The NRA doesn’t care about you. It doesn’t care about your constituents. It doesn’t care about the constitutional rights of its followers. The NRA and its leadership care about two things: Making money for gun manufacturers and making money for the NRA—and selling more guns. The NRA wants gun manufacturers to be able to make more guns. There are never enough. The NRA wants to have more firearms sold. More guns sold means more money and more do-nations for their bottom line. During times of crisis when Ameri-cans should be coming together to find these commonsense solutions, what does the NRA do? They raise every dol-lar they can by spreading lies and fo-menting these conspiracy theories. The mail is out, folks. Look in your mail-box. Direct mail is their specialty. They circulate false mailers to their followers. For example, ‘‘Congress is trying to take away your guns!’’ or ‘‘President Obama wants to confiscate your fire-arms!’’ The NRA uses that money to fund ads against candidates who refuse to bow down to the gun lobby. Taking a page from the Koch broth-ers’ playbook, the NRA uses so-called dark money to influence elections through mysterious front groups awash in undisclosed campaign cash. The NRA says they are spending money to protect gun owners. Well, it is clear what it is really about. It is about protecting the power of the Na-tional Rifle Association. Since the Supreme Court’s misguided Citizens United decision, the NRA has tripled its political spending to support their radical agenda, but Republicans in Congress have no knowledge of any of this. Senate Republicans pretend the NRA is simply a grassroots organiza-tion working for America’s best inter-ests. Nothing could be further from the truth. This is false. The NRA used to advocate for man-datory background checks. It used to encourage reasonable legislation to keep guns away from dangerous indi-viduals. One month after the Columbine shooting in Colorado, where those two young men killed a lot of innocent peo-ple, Wayne LaPierre, the executive vice president of the National Rifle As-sociation—the man who goes on TV all the time justifying what they do—tes-tified before the House Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime. Here is what he said: 
We think it is reasonable to provide man-datory instant criminal background checks for every sale at every gun show. No loop-holes anywhere for anyone. 
Wayne LaPierre said that. Now, in 2016, it is a different story. Just yesterday this same organization pressured Senate Republicans to vote against closing loopholes he said should be closed. Senate Republicans voted against the Murphy amendment that would have closed loopholes in our Nation’s back-ground check system. Senate Republicans voted against Senator FEINSTEIN ’s amendment that would have closed the terror loophole, which simply allows suspected terror-ists to legally purchase weapons and explosives. We believe it should be closed, but it is not. The loophole is still there because Republicans have always followed the NRA mandate. That is how strong the NRA’s hold is on Senate Republicans. Republicans won’t even agree to keep guns away from terrorists. The Republican Congress has become so thoroughly indoctrinated that it is now the legislative wing of the NRA. While the Republicans do the bidding of the NRA, innocent Americans are being gunned down in schools, church-es, and nightclubs. How many more mass shootings will we have to endure before Republicans realize that they are being used by the NRA? How many more people have to die before Republicans come to grips with the fact that the NRA is only con-cerned about its bottom line? The American people are looking to Congress for leadership. They are hop-ing we will do something substantive to protect our communities from gun violence, but the simple truth is, we cannot protect the American people and protect the NRA at the same time. Public safety demands a solution that prevents dangerous people from pos-sessing weapons, while the NRA exists solely as a fundraising vehicle for more guns, more bullets, and fewer safe-guards. It is time for Republicans in Congress to defend the people who sent them to Washington in the first place, and put the personal safety of their constitu-ents over the needs of the NRA. It is time for the Republicans to tell the NRA: Enough murder, enough carnage, enough guns. Mr. President, there is no one on the floor seeking recognition. I ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.002 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4375 June 21, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the whole world knows that on June 12, a gunman shot and killed 49 people and wounded 53 more in the worst mass shooting in modern American history, but what they may not know is, there has been at least 10 other mass shoot-ing incidents in America since Orlando. By mass shootings, I mean incidents where at least four people were injured or killed by gunfire. Two of those mass shootings were in Chicago, in my home State of Illinois. On June 13, five men were shot in the East Garfield Park neighborhood, and on June 18, four people were shot in the middle of the afternoon in the South Shore neighborhood. Fortunately, none of the victims in these two Chicago mass shootings were fatally wounded, but since the Orlando shooting, there have been many other gunshot victims in Chicago who have lost their lives. Last Friday, Yvonne Nelson, a city worker, was shot and killed walking out of a coffee shop on the South Side in the middle of the afternoon. The shooter was aiming for someone else in an apparent gang dispute, but Ms. Nel-son was shot in the chest and killed. She was 49 years old, a member of the New Life Covenant Church, and beloved by friends and family. She was de-scribed as a beautiful person, hard- working, loving, kind. She was taken from us last Friday. Last Thursday, Denzel Thornton, who worked for the Chicago Public School System, was shot and killed outside the entrance of McNair Ele-mentary School in the South Austin neighborhood shortly after noon. He was 25 years old, a graduate of DePaul University, and aspired to be a chef. He was a promising young man with a bright future ahead of him. He was taken from us in the middle of the day as the elementary school children looked on. This past weekend, 13 people were shot and killed in Chicago, and at least 41 others were injured by gunfire. The youngest shooting victim was only 3 years old. So far this year, over 1,700 men, women, and children have been wound-ed or killed by gunfire in the city of Chicago. I will keep the victims and their families and loved ones in my thoughts and prayers, but thoughts and prayers are not enough. As lawmakers, it is our responsibility to do everything in our power to protect the people we represent and to stop the killing in the neighborhoods of America. Last Friday, I visited the city of Chi-cago and went to several different spots to get a perspective on this gun violence and killing. I met for an hour with the superintendent of police, Eddie Johnson. He has 28 years on the Chicago police force. This is man who started as a patrolman. He understands the violence on the streets. We talked about so many different things. They have identified 1,300 who they suspect are most likely to be shooters or victims. By and large, these are men with a history of gun violence. Over the Memorial Day weekend, approxi-mately 66 people were shot in the city of Chicago, and 80 percent of them came from the list. So we have a finite list of suspects whose names pop up more often than not when it comes to this gun violence. We talked about ways to address it, and there are many people thinking about how to deal with it in the right way, in a constitutional way but with a specific strategy to end this gun violence. The superintendent told me a story. He said: You know, after you have been a cop in Chicago for a while, you get pretty tough. There aren’t many things that make you emotional, but I do re-member when there was a shooting in a home and a grandmother was killed and a toddler next to her was killed. We arrested the 15-year-old. The superintendent said: I looked in his eyes, and I said: What were you thinking to spray that gun into that home and killing that grandmother and that toddler, and he said that young man looked him in the eye and said: They shouldn’t have been there. They should have known better. The superintendent said: I was crushed with that comment. I talked to him about a visit I made to the juvenile facility about 6 weeks ago in Chicago to meet some of the young people who were waiting to stand trial. They had been charged with adult crimes. They are in the ju-venile facility being held until the date of the trial. Some of them wait 1 year to 2 years. They take on a life in this juvenile center. There is a high school, a gym, activities, and there is also counseling. For many of these young people, this is the first time ever that someone with professional credentials sat down with them and tried to figure out what was going on in their minds and why they would commit these crimes of violence. Afterward, I asked one of the coun-selors: What kind of mental condition do you find in these young people who are engaged in this random violence? He said they find everything—a spec-trum of mental illness, from bipolar to schizophrenia, to acute depression, and on and on and on—but he said there is one recurring finding: 92 percent of these juveniles have a recurring issue. I asked: What is it? He said that 92 per-cent of them have either been the vic-tims of or witnessed violent trauma. When we think about PTSD—men and women who take on the uniform of the United States and go off to war and who either hurt themselves or witness violence that occurs on the battle-field—and they come home troubled and needing counseling and help. By and large, these folks are over the age of 18, but now we are talking about teenagers and adolescents having gone through the same or similar experience with violence. What impact does that have on the human mind of an adoles-cent? Are we dealing with some form of post-traumatic stress disorder that makes them so hardened and callused that they don’t even appreciate the vi-olence of their own lives and their own acts? I think that is a very real con-cern. Let me quickly interject that strug-gling with mental illness does not mean you are going to be a violent criminal at all. It is more likely that you are going to be the victim of a crime with your mental illness or men-tal condition, but we have to take an honest look at this aspect of what we are dealing with when it comes to vio-lence. Friday night, I went to visit a friend—a controversial friend, to some a radical Catholic priest in Chicago but from where I am standing, the man who has given his life to a neighbor-hood who desperately needs it. His name is Mike Pfleger, and he is a Catholic priest at St. Sabina in Chi-cago. He had a peace march on Friday night. Father Mike brought out 400 people—300 African American and 100 White and Hispanic. We had a rally and at that rally mothers stood up and read the names of those under the age of 20 who have been killed this year in the city of Chicago. They read 150 names ranging from 20 years of age to zero, babies who were shot and killed. There were a lot of tears that night over the losses, and a reminder that the statistics we read every single day in a newspaper are real human lives causing real human pain and suffering to the families who survive. Then, Fa-ther Mike rallied everybody and took them out on a march through the neighborhood there, trying to reclaim one of the toughest, most challenging areas in the city of Chicago. So what are we going to do about it— the U.S. Senate right here in Wash-ington, DC? Last night, it was a dis-appointment. Many of us took to the floor to join Senator M
URPHY last week in his fili-buster. He was the leader, and I give him the credit for his steely determina-tion to stand here—literally, stand here for, I believe, 15 hours in a fili-buster—to force the votes we had last night. Senator M
CCONNELL , the Repub-lican leader, agreed to have those votes, and after they were finished, all four amendments were defeated. I am sure many people across the country said: What a waste of time that the Senate would acknowledge the prob-lem, yet not find a solution to move forward. Well, I would add quickly that we haven’t given up and we shouldn’t. Senator S
USAN COLLINS of Maine is working on an amendment right now relative to the question of whether a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.003 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4376 June 21, 2016 
suspected terrorist should be able to buy firearms in America. I think that is a pretty clear question and answer. Most Americans, 90 percent, say for goodness’ sake, stop suspected terror-ists from getting their hands on weap-ons. Yet the Senate defeated Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s effort last night to do just that. I voted for it, but it didn’t get the 60 votes needed. Senator C
OLLINS has picked up the banner, and she is trying to put to-gether a bipartisan measure. We haven’t seen it in its entirety, but I en-courage her, and I have tried by work-ing with her to plug in some of the gaps and answer some of the questions about her approach. I hope she is suc-cessful, and I hope a bipartisan meas-ure emerges from the Senate and puts pressure on the House of Representa-tives. There is absolutely no excuse for us not doing everything in our power to keep semi-automatic weapons out of the hands of suspected terrorists, con-victed felons, and those who suffer from serious mental instability. How deadly are these weapons? There is something called Snapchat, which I am not an expert on by any means, but it is a video that lasts about 10 sec-onds. One of the victims at Pulse nightclub in Orlando turned on her Snapchat video as the firing started, and in the span of 9 seconds, you can count 17 rounds that were fired into the crowd, one of which killed the woman who was taking the video. That is the kind of weapon this crazed man was able to buy and take into a nightclub and kill 49 innocent people and injure more than 50. Why would we make that easy for someone who is a suspected terrorist? Does that really reflect what we feel in America? I don’t think so. Ninety per-cent of Americans think we should do just the opposite and stop these sus-pected terrorists from having easy ac-cess. There was an amendment offered yes-terday by Senator C
ORNYN of Texas, supported by the National Rifle Asso-ciation. It did not pass. I voted against it. It was not a valid approach to deal-ing with this issue because Senator C
ORNYN required, if a suspected ter-rorist was going to buy a firearm, that the burden was on the U.S. Govern-ment to go to court if they challenged their being on the terrorist list. The burden was on the government, within 72 hours, to come up with a lawsuit, a criminal action, to stop the person from buying a firearm. If the same per-son wanted to get on an airplane in the State of Texas and was on a no-fly list, they wouldn’t get on the airplane. It wouldn’t be a question of the govern-ment going to court to prove it. For the safety of the other passengers, we would keep the suspected terrorist off the airplane. Why not when it comes to semi-automatic weapons? Shouldn’t the burden at least be in favor of secu-rity and safety for the people of the United States? That is still an issue for us to re-solve. Is Congress doing all it can to stop the daily toll of gun violence and the involvement of guns with suspected terrorists? Not even close. So many shootings are preventable. They never would have happened if our laws did a better job keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people. But too many Members of Congress are too afraid to stand up to the gun lobby. They are afraid to vote for common-sense reforms, supported by 90 percent of the American people, for fear that the NRA will come after them in the next election. Remember, the gun lobby fights laws that make it harder for them to sell guns. First and foremost, they are not constitutional scholars. They are sell-ers of firearms, and they want to sell increasingly large volumes of their product so they make more profits. The National Rifle Association and gun lobby groups are constantly working to weaken laws on the books and prevent any new laws that might prevent gun sales. As a result, we have a ludicrous set of loopholes in our laws that allows criminals, the mentally ill, and even suspected terrorists to buy guns. We can’t let this continue. As lawmakers, we have a responsibility to protect Americans from gun violence. After last night’s votes, it is clear we haven’t done our job. Last week, the American Medical As-sociation declared in an official state-ment that gun violence in America is ‘‘a public health crisis requiring a com-prehensive public health response and solution.’’ This was the first such dec-laration that has been made by our Na-tion’s largest medical association, and I commend the AMA for their leader-ship. The numbers behind their decision are staggering. Every year, almost 32,000 Americans are killed with guns. On an average day in America, 297 Americans are shot, and 91 of those shootings are fatal. Communities across the Nation are affected by this violence. In cities like Chicago, the daily toll of these shootings is dev-astating. Last week, when I joined Senator M URPHY and almost 40 other Demo-cratic colleagues, we spoke out or tried to speak out to get the Senate to de-bate this issue—not just a quick driveby vote of four amendments, take it or leave it, but a meaningful debate with real alternatives brought to the floor. The filibuster lasted 15 hours and caught the attention of the Nation. Having been in this business for a while, I can tell whether our activities here are even noticed. They were. That filibuster was noticed. People came up to me and said: Thank goodness you are finally going to say something, do something, and vote on this issue of ending gun violence. Well, words are not enough, and the votes last night are not enough. We need to start with commonsense re-form supported by the overwhelming majority of Americans. Keeping fire-arms out of the hands of suspected ter-rorists shouldn’t even be debated; it is so obvious. We should prevent sus-pected terrorists from buying guns and make sure an FBI criminal background check is conducted every time a gun is sold. There is no excuse for what is going on now in Northern Indiana. Gun shows take place there regularly. Guns are sold in volume out of those gun shows with no background checks on the buy-ers. So the gangbangers of Chicago and the others head over to Northern Indi-ana—it is just across the border—fill up their trunks with guns and bring them into the city of Chicago. The police department in the city of Chicago has confiscated one crime gun per hour for every day this year, and we still have a huge backlog of guns that are floating through the commu-nity in the hands of those who have no business owning or using a gun. The Chicago Police Department is trying to keep up with this wave of firearms flooding our city. They have con-fiscated more guns than the cities of New York and Los Angeles combined, and they still can’t keep up with it. There is no excuse for the gun show loophole. We should have serious, meaningful background checks of ev-eryone purchasing firearms. The con-scientious, self-respecting gun owners of America agree with this. They went through a background check to buy their guns. They think people should do that as well to avoid selling guns to the wrong people. We must never forget our obligation to do everything we can to keep Amer-ica safe. Our first obligation is to pro-vide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and insure domes-tic tranquility in the United States. If that is our obligation, there is much more that needs to be done—keeping America safe from gun violence. Thousands of Americans are shot and killed each year in shootings that could have been prevented. There are steps we can take that are consistent with our Constitution. With our tradi-tion of supporting hunting, sports shooting, guns for self-defense, we can still take meaningful steps to avoid tragic death, and we shouldn’t be afraid to do that. I am not going to quit on this issue, and many of my colleagues will not ei-ther. I ask the American people, don’t quit and don’t get discouraged. Keep speaking out for commonsense reforms as the American Medical Association did last week. When people ask me what they can do, I say: In our demo-cratic form of government, it is very basic. It is called an election. If this issue of gun safety means something to you, ask that Member of Congress or the congressional candidate, that Sen-ator or the Senatorial candidate, where they stand. If it is important enough, make your vote follow the answer. Join us and stand together. We can beat back the gun lobby and start saving lives and protecting the innocent across America. We can do this, and we must. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.005 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4377 June 21, 2016 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMPROMISE GUN LEGISLATION Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to announce my sup-port and my hope that all of us will support the bipartisan compromise that will be proffered this afternoon by Senator C
OLLINS , myself, Senator H
EITKAMP , and others on the Demo-cratic side to actually put something on the floor that is not designed to fail but is designed to pass. Many of us have been concerned that we use lists that actually mean some-thing. We believe that somebody who is not allowed to fly, somebody who is on the no-fly list, should not be allowed to purchase a weapon but that those peo-ple who find themselves in that posi-tion should be afforded due process pro-tections as well, as is necessary under the Constitution. The problem with the broader watch list that there was an amendment on last night is it is a broad watch list with more than a million people. There are bits and pieces of information from many of our intelligence agencies. It isn’t really designed for this purpose. So what we have done with this com-promise piece of legislation is taken the no-fly list, as well as what is called the selectee list, which is a slightly broader list of those who are allowed to fly but are retained for additional screening. These are defined lists, much smaller, and affect a much small-er group of Americans. If you find yourself on these lists, then the Attorney General would have the ability to block that gun purchase, but you would be given robust due process protections as well, where you could challenge it. The presumption of innocence would be there, and it would be the government’s job to actually prove that you belong on that list and should be denied the purchase of a weapon. If the government could not prove their case, the government would actually pay the attorney’s fees as well. So there are strong, robust due process protections here as well. But this is simply based on the prin-ciple that if you are denied the right to fly, it stands to reason that, without additional checks, you should not be able to purchase a weapon. That is what this compromise piece of legislation is all about. A lot will be said outside of this body—that it is in-tended for other purposes—but I would encourage everyone to look at the leg-islation we are offering this afternoon. It has bipartisan support—unlike most of what has been put forward so far— and it has growing support as well. We actually believe we ought to put something on the floor that will pass, not just protect one party or the other in terms of an election coming up. We want to actually have an impact on the situation. With that, I urge support for the bi-partisan compromise we are going to offer this afternoon. Mr. President, I yield back the re-mainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
UNITED KINGDOM AND THE EUROPEAN UNION Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, on Sep-tember 2, 1939, the House of Commons convened to debate whether to declare war on Germany for having invaded Poland. Prime Minister Neville Chamberland seemed ambivalent and didn’t immediately call for a declara-tion. Clement Atlee, the Labor Party leader was absent that day. When his deputy rose and declared that he would ‘‘speak for Labor,’’ Conservative MP Leo Amery famously yelled from across the floor: ‘‘Speak for England!’’ I am here today to speak for Eng-land, for Great Britain, indeed for all of the United Kingdom. This Thursday, June 23, the British people will answer a momentous question: Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the Euro-pean Union? I have not stated nor will I state today a position on this question. The British people alone should decide their policy toward the Continent. What I will defend is their sovereign right as a people to decide this ques-tion free of external influences, foreign threats, and hysterical fear-mongering. The ‘‘great and the good,’’ the Davoisie elite, are united in horror at the prospect of a British exit from the EU. According to these Eurocrats, if the British people choose to leave the EU, then the people must be punished. Some have called for immediate tax in-creases and budget cuts should the ‘‘Leave’’ campaign win. Business lead-ers threaten to move jobs out of Brit-ain and to the Continent. Many econo-mists speculate that recession is the best possible outcome, with depression the more likely outcome. Most disappointing of all, foreign governments have made egregious threats of retaliation in trade, finan-cial matters, and other economic mat-ters, both to punish the British people for exercising their sovereign right of self-government and to intimidate the other peoples of Europe from doing the same. I would say the only thing they aren’t predicting is war and pes-tilence—but they are. Indeed, one lead-ing Eurocrat said a British exit could mean ‘‘the end of Western civiliza-tion.’’ If the Davoisie elite were doing even a passable job of governing their own countries, perhaps their unsolicited ad-vice might be heeded. But let’s face it. Europe is beset by its own problems, not the least caused by the democracy deficit in the European Union. With no coordination or democratic account-ability, the Eurocrats last summer al-lowed migrants to overrun their con-tinent. Most of these migrants lack the job skills and education to contribute meaningfully to European economies. Some migrants went on rampaging crime sprees, and terrorists infiltrated the migrant flows to enter France and commit the Paris attacks. Meanwhile, the migrant flow continues across the Mediterranean, with hundreds dying en route. What is the Eurocrats’ policy? ‘‘If you survive the trip, you can stay.’’ How is that moral? How is that wise? The economies of Europe aren’t much better. Many countries are trapped be-neath unpayable mountains of debt, saddled with austerity plans merely to make the next repayment and avoid de-fault. Unemployment is high, and for young people it is rampant and chron-ic. Growth is negligible. In fact, the only continent with lower growth than Europe is Antarctica. I am amazed, maybe even a little amused, that despite these and other manifest failures, the Eurocrats pre-sume to lecture the British people. Per-haps they hope ‘‘Project Fear’’ will suf-ficiently intimidate the Brits into vot-ing for ‘‘Remain.’’ After all, if the EU loses Great Britain, Europe will lose 350 million pounds a week, and it will lose a dumping ground for a quarter million migrants a year. The stakes are pretty high for Brussels. But that doesn’t justify their fla-grant interference with Britain’s do-mestic politics. Since the Davoisie elite are threatening to punish the Brits if they leave the EU, let me say in response that the American people will stand with our British cousins no matter what they decide. If the Con-tinent dares to retaliate against Brit-ain, I will do everything in my power to defend and strengthen the Anglo- American alliance that built so much of the modern world and on which it still depends. The Eurocrats may want to pressure Britain, but perhaps they might recall that Britain is not the only land where pressure can be brought to bear. On my last trip to Europe, I heard from many political and business leaders who were eager—desperate, even—to consum-mate the Transatlantic Trade and In-vestment Partnership. The Paris and Brussels attacks vividly reminded us that the small continental countries depend heavily on American intel-ligence to support their counterterror-ism efforts. Of course, need anyone be reminded which NATO country under-writes the independence and security of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.006 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4378 June 21, 2016 
Europe, particularly in the face of a re-visionist Russia? It would be regrettable if a conti-nental temper tantrum imperiled these important relationships with the United States. One would hope that cooler heads will prevail in the capitals of continental Europe should the Brit-ish people elect to leave the EU. One would hope that Brussels, Berlin, Paris, and other capitals will realize that Britain, in or out of the EU, is a NATO ally, a trading partner, and a friend in freedom. One would hope that a British exit, if that is Britain’s choice, would be followed by the spirit of magnanimity, generosity, and con-tinued friendship. But hopes aside, one should know this: The American people will stand with Britain, in or out of the EU, and will stand against punitive re-taliation against the British people. Of course, I must admit that, unfor-tunately—though not surprisingly—our own government is also sticking its nose where it doesn’t belong. President Obama traveled to London last month to say that a newly free Britain would go to ‘‘the back of the queue’’ in trade negotiations with the United States. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman has cautioned: ‘‘We’re not par-ticularly in the market for [free trade agreements] with individual coun-tries.’’ This strange combination of ar-rogance and ignorance is all too typical of the Obama administration. The United States has a bilateral trade agreement with Oman, after all. But negotiate a new bilateral trade agree-ment to support the special relation-ship with Great Britain, our ancestral ally? No, sir, we will have none of that nonsense. So, for the record, let it be noted that the American people will stand up to the ‘‘great and the good’’ not only on the Continent, but also here in Washington if this or any future ad-ministration tries to punish Britain should it leave the EU. Just as I will do everything in my power to preserve our special relationship against conti-nental meddling, so will I do the same with any administration that doesn’t fully appreciate that relationship. I suspect many other Senators feel the same. Put simply, there will be a new bilat-eral trade agreement, NATO will sur-vive, our Five Eyes intelligence part-nership will continue, and the special relationship will remain a bedrock for the prosperity and security of both our nations. The British people can cast their votes certain of those things. The British people deserve nothing less. Were it not for them, Europe—in-deed, the world over—might still be a mere plaything of kings and tyrants. Of all the peoples of the world, surely the Brits have earned the sovereign right to govern their own affairs, free of external influence or threats of re-taliation. Like most Americans, I stand in admiration of Great Britain, and I stand with the British people, in or out of the EU. I also call on the Davoisie elite, on the ‘‘great and the good,’’ to spend a little less time fulminating about Brit-ish democracy in action and a little more time looking in the mirror at their own failures. Populist insurgencies are raging on both sides of the Atlantic, on both the left and the right. Rather than obsess about Great Britain, rather than keep the populists at bay one desperate election at a time, these leaders should consider why these insurgencies are gaining in every election—stagnant wages for the work-ing class, uncontrolled migration with-out regard to economic need or cul-tural assimilation, Islamic terrorists massacring our citizens, and a loss of national honor around the world. This record is not pretty. In politics, as in medicine, it is usually better to address the cause than the symptom. If our leaders addressed these challenges more creatively, more forthrightly, more effectively, perhaps neither the British people nor so many other peo-ple would be disappointed in their lead-ers to begin with. Let the British peo-ple manage their own affairs, whether right or wrong in your eyes. In the words of Scripture, whatever you may think of their mote, take care of your own beam first. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOEL SPENCER Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I wish to recognize Joel Spencer of Little Rock, AR, as this week’s Arkansan of the Week for his dedication to edu-cating the next generation of computer coders, teaching students computer coding skills, and training other teach-ers as well. Studies show that students who learn coding and computer science at a young age are more successful later on, and Joel Spencer wants to make sure each child who comes through his classroom has the opportunity for that success. Joel is an elementary science specialist and teacher in the Little Rock School District and each week teaches over 500 students. But his dedi-cation to learning doesn’t end there. Joel also conducts an afterschool com-puter Science First club, a Lego MINDSTORMS robotics club, and var-ious other day camps around the State to introduce Arkansas students to pro-gramming. To say he is passionate about computer science education is an understatement. Children aren’t the only ones Joel teaches. He is also dedicated to helping his fellow teachers become better edu-cators. Joel serves as an affiliate train-er for Code.org, a nonprofit dedicated to expanding access to computer science and increasing participation by women and underrepresented groups. Through his work with this organiza-tion, Joel has trained over 1,000 teach-ers in code curriculum. He was also part of the committee that developed and adopted the K–8 computer science standards in Arkansas. Joel’s dedication in computer coding education hasn’t gone unnoticed. He received the Arkansas Association of Instructional Media Technology Teach-er of the Year Award for the State of Arkansas and is also a nominee for the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. And during National Teacher Apprecia-tion Week earlier this year, he was one of the computer science teachers recog-nized by President Obama at the White House. While he was in town for that cere-mony, Joel made some time to visit my office and share his passion for com-puter coding education. I am proud that Arkansas has teachers like Joel, who are making students’ futures brighter each day. It is my honor to recognize Joel Spencer as this week’s Arkansan of the Week, and I am confident that the fu-ture of our State and Nation is bright-er because of his work to inspire stu-dents to rise to the challenges of the 21st century. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ISIS Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, 2 weeks ago I came to the Senate floor to dis-cuss the numerous foreign policy fail-ures of the Obama administration. While there has been no shortage of ex-amples over the past 7 years, I wish to revisit one particular subject from the litany of this administration’s errors— the very serious national security threat that President Obama once called a JV team. Last November, President Obama participated in an interview with the host of ‘‘Good Morning America,’’ George Stephanopoulos, who asked him the following question: ‘‘But ISIS is gaining strength, aren’t they?’’ The President’s reply: 
Well, no. I don’t think they’re gaining strength. What is true is that from the start, our goal has been first to contain, and we have contained them. 
Just 1 day later—1 day later—ISIS gunmen and suicide bombers attacked Paris and killed 130 people. Less than a month after that, 2 ISIS-inspired ter-rorists killed 14 people in the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.009 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4379 June 21, 2016 
homegrown ISIS attack on American soil. Now there is Orlando, the worst terrorist attack on America’s home-land security since 9/11—so much for ‘‘we have contained them.’’ Unfortunately, despite these attacks, President Obama continues to paint an unrealistically rosy picture of our suc-cess against ISIS. Emerging from a meeting last week, the President de-clared that ‘‘we are making significant progress’’ in the fight against ISIS. He went on to say, ‘‘ISIL’s ranks are shrinking. . . . Their morale is sink-ing.’’ Two days later, however, the Presi-dent’s CIA Director painted a very dif-ferent picture. Testifying before Con-gress, CIA Director John Brennan stat-ed: ‘‘Unfortunately, despite all our progress against ISIL on the battlefield and in the financial realm, our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capability and global reach.’’ Let me repeat that: ‘‘Our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capa-bility and global reach.’’ That is some-thing the President neglected to men-tion 2 days earlier. That is not the only thing he forgot to bring up. The President discussed the anti-ISIS coalition’s efforts to tar-get ISIS’s funding. But he neglected to mention that those efforts still left ISIS with a robust revenue stream. The CIA Director noted that ‘‘ISIL . . . continues to generate at least tens of millions of dollars in revenue per month, primarily from taxation and from crude oil sales.’’ The President hailed accomplish-ments on the ground in Iraq and Syria, but he didn’t mention that those suc-cesses are doing essentially nothing to reduce ISIS’s ability to attack abroad. This is again a quote from Director Brennan: 
The group’s foreign branches and global networks can help preserve its capacity for terrorism regardless of events in Iraq and Syria. In fact, as the pressure mounts on ISIL, we judge that it will intensify its glob-al terror campaign to maintain its domi-nance of the global terrorism agenda. 
That, again, is from Director Bren-nan. The President noted that ISIS is los-ing ground in Libya, but he forgot to mention ISIS’s Libyan branch is per-haps its most dangerous and poses a real threat to Africa and to Europe. Di-rector Brennan testified again: 
ISIL is gradually cultivating its global network of branches into a more inter-connected organization. The branch in Libya is probably the most developed and the most dangerous. We assess that it is trying to in-crease its influence in Africa and to plot at-tacks in the region and in Europe. 
If there is one thing that Director Brennan’s testimony made clear, it is that we are not doing enough to con-front the threat posed by ISIS. Unfor-tunately, that is not something Presi-dent Obama seems to understand. As his remarks last week made clear, the President is more interested in ex-plaining why he doesn’t like the term ‘‘radical Islam’’ than he is in offering a concrete plan to actually defeat ISIS. It is difficult to understand why the President so resolutely avoids this term. The fact is, ISIS and its adher-ents are driven by their radical inter-pretation of Islam. How can we hope to confront this terrorist ideology if we can’t actually call it by its name? On the same note, what was the ad-ministration hoping to accomplish when it redacted references to ISIS in its initial release of the 911 transcripts from the Orlando attack? Was it hop-ing to somehow distract from the fact that this was a terrorist attack? Do they want to play down the fact that ISIS is now inspiring attacks in the United States? Unfortunately, our Commander in Chief’s disturbing reluctance to iden-tify our enemy by its name is emblem-atic of the fundamental lack of serious-ness that has characterized the Presi-dent’s foreign policy. The attack in Or-lando was a terrorist attack, yet the President’s response was a formulaic call for gun control. All the gun con-trol laws in the world are not going to stop a terrorist bent on wreaking havoc in our country. France’s strict gun control laws didn’t prevent terror-ists from slaughtering 130 people last November. To stop ISIS-inspired attacks, we need to stop ISIS. And to do that, we need a serious, comprehensive plan from the President. What I wish we had heard last week from the President are concrete proposals to counter the threat of homegrown terrorism. He could have talked about ways to make sure our intelligence agencies have the resources they need to track and counter ISIS efforts to communicate with its recruits in the West. He could have discussed ways to address the threat of lone wolf terrorists. He could have talked about ways we can im-prove our ability to monitor terrorists’ communications to disrupt their plans. He could have called on Senate Demo-crats to support Senator CORNYN ’s amendment to give the Attorney Gen-eral the authority to act on probable cause against would-be terrorists while protecting due process to protect Sec-ond Amendment rights, but he didn’t. Instead, he issued a brief call for gun control and spent a large chunk of his speech defending his refusal to use the term ‘‘radical Islam.’’ When President Obama was elected, we were told he would restore Amer-ica’s standing in the world. In fact, he received a Nobel Peace prize in the first year of his first term based solely on people’s belief that he would pro-mote peace and bring stability to world affairs. I thought of that when I saw this statement from CIA Director Brennan toward the end of his testi-mony last week. The Director said: ‘‘I have never seen a time when our coun-try faced such a wide variety of threats to our national security.’’ Again, that statement was stated by CIA Director Brennan during his testimony just last week. President Obama is certainly not re-sponsible for all the unrest in the world today, but the unfortunate truth is, his foreign policy failures have contrib-uted to a lot of it. His politically moti-vated decision to withdraw our troops from Iraq and announce the timetable to our enemies created the vacuum that ISIS quickly moved in to fill. His decision not to act when Syrian Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad crossed the red-line the President himself had drawn sent a message to tyrants and dictators the world over that America could be ignored at will. The President’s nuclear deal with Iran has left that country better equipped to acquire advanced nuclear weapons down the road. President Obama is nearing the end of his term, but there is still time for him to commit to working with Repub-licans to take the steps that are nec-essary to not just contain but to actu-ally defeat ISIS. There is still time for him to focus on controlling our borders so terrorists don’t slip across without our knowledge. There is still time for him to take measures to strengthen our counterterrorism capabilities, and there is still time for him to focus on supporting Federal and local law en-forcement in their efforts to stop ter-rorism. I hope in the coming days, the Presi-dent will see his way to offering some serious solutions to the danger ISIS poses to our Nation. It is high time that happen. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNITIES ACT Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I rise to speak about the changing na-ture of globalization. Everyone is aware globalization has changed how economies work. Some people have em-braced globalization while others are fighting to slow its effects. In America, most people are familiar with the mod-ern, multinational corporation. These corporations are privately owned by shareholders and operate in countries around the world. However, there is a new trend that is becoming increas-ingly evident in commerce today. We are now seeing entities that are owned by governments competing with pri-vate companies in the automotive, food, and airline industries that rep-resent more traditional commerce. Over the last several decades, govern-ments, through entities called state- owned enterprises, have become highly involved in international commerce. We have seen state-owned companies and enterprises buy the assets of pri-vate companies, such as Smithfield Foods, and start up completely new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.011 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4380 June 21, 2016 
companies, such as the new airlines in the Middle East. There is nothing in-herently wrong with state-owned en-terprises paying a premium on market value to purchase a company. However, the actions of the company and its legal obligations after the transaction is complete are what I intend to focus on today. In a 2014 report, the United Nations estimated there are over 550 state- owned transnational companies with cumulative assets of over $2 trillion. Many would argue the estimate of $2 trillion in assets under management is a conservative number. There are many differences between state-owned companies and companies that are pub-licly traded. First, state-owned companies are not subject to the same transparency re-quirements as publicly traded compa-nies. Publicly traded companies must adhere to GAAP accounting standards and file quarterly and annual reports, such as 10–Qs and 10–Ks, with the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission. Second, state-owned enterprises have the implicit backing of the various governments, giving them access to credit oftentimes at cheaper rates than individual private companies could hope to find. The most valuable compa-nies in America, based on market cap-italization, are worth between $500 and $600 billion on any given day. While Fortune 100 companies are large, their resources then pale in comparison to government wealth. Finally, state-owned enterprises re-port their strategies, profits, and losses to governments. They are not account-able to shareholders in the way pub-licly traded companies are. Therefore, it is prudent we take time to consider how foreign, state-owned enterprises are participating in this American economy. In agriculture, state-owned enter-prises have started to buy publicly traded American companies. Smith-field Foods was sold to China’s Shuanghui in 2013 for $4.7 billion in cash. ChemChina is currently trying to buy the Swiss-based seed and chemical company Syngenta for $43 billion. About one-third of Syngenta’s $12 bil-lion in revenue comes from North America, which is what makes this transaction very concerning for me. While some could argue these invest-ments are similar to foreign direct in-vestment, what these foreign, state- owned enterprises are really buying are our resources and expertise in food pro-duction, including the intellectual property that fuels development and growth of the agricultural sector. Even if these transactions function seam-lessly for the first 10 or 15 years, there are strategic questions we need to con-sider before approving the sale of any more of our agricultural assets to an-other government. For that reason, Senator S
TABENOW and I asked the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, commonly referred to as CFIUS, to thoroughly review the proposed Sengenta acquisition with the help of the Department of Agriculture. CFIUS is responsible for reviewing the national security implications of trans-actions that result in foreign control of U.S. businesses and critical infrastruc-ture. There is a shared sentiment among lawmakers, military officials, and everyday Americans that pro-tecting the safety and resiliency of our food system is core to American na-tional security. The food security of our country is not something we can take for granted, and as I have said be-fore, at any given time we are only nine meals away from revolution. As I mentioned, I also have concerns about the legal obligations and ac-countability of foreign, state-owned companies, particularly as they relate to those companies’ interactions with American companies and consumers. Now, I have heard several recent re-ports noting cases where companies owned by foreign governments have claimed that they are immune to law-suits by American companies or Amer-ican consumers in our very own courts. They have made this claim even when a foreign, state-owned company or one of its corporate affiliates has been engaged in normal commerce with American consumers or other Amer-ican companies. In making this argument, these for-eign, state-owned companies would try both to take advantage of our market and to avoid the rules and potential li-ability that every other market actor must face. Of course, that doesn’t seem right to me, and it is not the way our laws are set up to work. It is an age-old rule of international law that one sovereign nation should not subject another country acting in its sovereign capacity to the authority of domestic courts. Our courts recognized this principle long before Congress wrote it into stat-ute. The theory developed at a time when personal sovereigns ruled foreign pow-ers rather than democracies. The sov-ereign was the same as the State. Chief Justice John Marshall acknowledged it in an 1812 Supreme Court opinion when he explained that our courts had no ju-risdiction to hear America’s claim against France to recover a ship seized by order of Napoleon. But there have long been important exceptions to the doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity. One of those is the so-called ‘‘commercial activity’’ exception. Just 12 years after his opin-ion about Napoleon’s ship, Chief Jus-tice Marshall explained that ‘‘[w]hen a government becomes a partner in any trading company, it divests itself . . . of its sovereign character, and takes that of a private citizen.’’ For that reason, over the last several decades, both the State Department and the Supreme Court have recognized that the original purposes of foreign sovereign immunity—respect for the person and governmental acts of a for-eign sovereign—are not served when the doctrine is invoked to protect a sovereign’s private acts. This development resulted from the need to ensure stability and predict-ability in international commerce after state monopolization in indus-tries like transportation and commu-nication. It is based on the notion that when a sovereign nation enters the competi-tive marketplace, it no longer acts as a sovereign at all, and it must follow the very same rules as every other market participant. So in 1976 we codified those principles in statutory law by enacting the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act, re-ferred to as FSIA. Under the FSIA, for-eign sovereign immunity extends not only to foreign sovereigns but also to political subdivisions and even cor-porate entities owned by foreign sovereigns. But, importantly, the FSIA also codi-fies exceptions to the foreign sovereign immunity principle, including—very importantly—the commercial activity exception. As I said, I have seen reports noting cases where companies owned by for-eign governments have claimed that they are immune to suits by American companies or American consumers in our very own courts when they are sus-pected of doing something wrong. Sometimes, their arguments have suc-ceeded, which raises concerns that the exception may not be working as de-signed. Let me give one example. America bought much of the drywall used to re-build New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina from Chinese manufacturers. Thousands of homes built with that drywall turned out to be uninhabitable because residents said the drywall made them sick. So these Americans tried to sue the Chinese manufacturers, including a manufacturer’s parent company, China National Building Materials Group, or CNBM. The problem for the consumers is that the Chinese Government is heav-ily invested in these manufacturers, among many other commercial enter-prises. Under the general principle of foreign sovereign immunity, a foreign govern-ment selling Americans a product is not acting as a sovereign but as a mar-ket competitor. One would assume that the ‘‘commercial activity’’ exception to foreign sovereign immunity applies, but the state-owned manufacturer ar-gued otherwise. Here is how it works under statute. Foreign companies are sued in our courts all the time. Commonly, these lawsuits, like the drywall case, involve claims of American consumers or com-panies that the foreign company en-gaged in some behavior that harmed them. When a foreign company is sued in one of our courts, it has a chance to show at the beginning of the case that a foreign government owns a majority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.013 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4381 June 21, 2016 
of its shares. If the foreign company makes that showing, it then enjoys a presumption of immunity under the FSIA, meaning that the plaintiffs’ law-suit will be dismissed. But before that happens, the plain-tiffs have one more chance to save their case from early dismissal. This is where the ‘‘commercial activity’’ ex-ception comes into play. The plaintiffs can defeat the presumption of immu-nity by showing that the foreign state- owned company was acting as a market participant—that is, engaging in com-mercial activity that takes place in or affects the United States—when it caused the harm the plaintiffs com-plained about. This principle—the ‘‘commercial ac-tivity’’ exception—saves a case from early dismissal and gives plaintiffs a chance to move forward and try to prove their claims against a foreign, state-owned corporation behaving like a market actor. But as it turns out, that can be a complicated showing for plaintiffs to make at such an early stage in the case. Here is why. Companies owned by foreign states are often governed through very complicated corporate structure. Take, for example, the large Chinese insurance company backed by the Chi-nese state bank in its recent attempt to purchase an American hotel chain. In describing the attempted takeover, the Wall Street Journal described the Chinese company’s ownership structure as ‘‘opaque.’’ Yet in implementing the FSIA, courts require plaintiffs to meet the commercial activity exception at every level of corporate organization or they must show that various levels of orga-nization acted only as corporate pass- throughs and, therefore, can be ig-nored. Here is why I think that may be a problem. Corporate parents can exer-cise an extraordinary level of control over subsidiaries without concluding that the subsidiary is a mere pass- through. Requiring plaintiffs to show commer-cial activity at every level of corporate organization—at such an early stage in the lawsuit—runs the risk of ignoring high-level involvement in the conduct that allegedly hurt the plaintiffs. If plaintiffs don’t satisfy this showing against a parent company at an early stage in their case, they may lose the chance to establish their claims. Now, what this means, as a practical matter, is that this mechanism puts foreign companies that happen to be owned by sovereign states at a distinct advantage over private foreign compa-nies. A private foreign company has no mechanism for early dismissal of a lawsuit on these grounds. A private foreign company would be required to respond to the plaintiffs’ allegations, and it would have to produce evidence during the course of the lawsuit relat-ing both to its control over other parts of the conglomerate and also to its in-volvement in the activities alleged. As a result of this early dismissal mechanism, the plaintiffs’ case in New Orleans could only proceed against one subsidiary, and that happens to be CNBM. The case against CNBM itself was dismissed. Now, it may be that these plaintiffs still wouldn’t have been able to estab-lish liability on the part of CNBM in the end, but they didn’t even have that opportunity. This is something that I want to con-sider carefully. If a foreign, state- owned company is able to shield parts of its organization behind the FSIA to avoid having to answer a lawsuit en-tirely in a way that the FSIA doesn’t contemplate, when a privately owned foreign company wouldn’t enjoy the same luxury, then a fix may be in order. The point of the commercial activity exception to foreign sovereign immu-nity is to treat foreign governments like any other market actor when they enter into commerce. Nothing about the principles of foreign sovereign im-munity or the FSIA is designed to af-ford extra early defenses to foreign companies’ commercial actions just be-cause the companies happened to be owned by foreign states. But, currently, foreign, state-owned companies will argue that many of their affiliates don’t have to answer the claims of American companies and American consumers, even when it is clear that at some level the company engaged in market activity that may have harmed Americans. Sometimes, like in the New Orleans case, the com-panies are succeeding. So I think that may be a problem. That is why I took the time to speak now on the floor of the Senate, and I intend to look at it very carefully and possibly seek legislative remedy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Ms. BALDWIN. Madam President, last week—let’s start with last week-end—Americans woke to the news of a horrific mass murder in Orlando, FL. The gunman, a U.S. citizen inspired by terrorists, legally purchased a weapon of war and turned it upon members of the LGBT community on Latin night at a nightclub in Orlando, FL—49 dead, 53 wounded. Senators returned from their home States last week to express thoughts and prayers and to observe moments of silence. Many of us resolved that while important, those sentiments were not enough and that we needed to follow up those thoughts, those prayers, and those moments of silence with action. I joined with my colleagues on the floor when Senator M
URPHY of Con-necticut held the floor for 15 hours to draw attention to two commonsense amendments that would have limited that easy access to a weapon of war by closing a loophole that allows so many of our firearms purchases to occur without a proper background check and to close something we are calling the terror gap, which would allow the FBI the authority to deny gun pur-chases to people who are on a watch list, suspected of connections with ter-rorism. Those measures gained a vote in the Senate last night, but both failed to advance. I don’t think we can simply say that we tried and continue to accept shoot-ings like the one in Orlando as the new normal and then move on to other business—especially, I might add, with our procedural posture right now, as the Senate has before it at this period in time the Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations bill, a measure in which we can prioritize our response to this tragedy and the preceding tragedies through amendments perfecting the measure before us. Americans are de-manding more. We can’t just carry on as usual in the wake of these enormous domestic tragedies. Wisconsinites are demanding more. Just in this last week, I received heartbreaking commu-nications from my constituents asking us to act. I will briefly share two of them. A young mother wrote to me: I am a young mother of two young children and every day that they go to school I say a silent prayer that they come home safely to me, that no one decides to walk into their school or onto their bus with a gun and an intent to kill. 
Another young person wrote to me: 
As a young LGBTQ person, I am devastated by this attack on my community. I am scared that this attack happened in what was supposed to be a safe place, a free space in a world that is often hostile for LGBTQ people. I am scared for my safety and for the safety of my community. I am also angry. I am angry that the United States is the only country where shootings like this regularly occur, and I am angry that our government is not doing enough to prevent this kind of violence. 
The attack in Orlando was, as I men-tioned, an act that allegedly was in-spired by maybe ISIL or other terrorist groups, but it was also an act of hate, a hate crime. I have filed an amend-ment with my colleagues, Senator M
I-
KULSKI of Maryland and Senator H
IRONO of Hawaii, to increase funding to strengthen the prevention of hate crimes and the enforcement of our hate crimes laws and our civil rights laws. The amendment is now cosponsored by 18 other Members of the Senate. I think it is important to understand what a hate crime is. A hate crime is an underlying criminal act—so it is not about hate thought or hate speech— wherein the victim of the crime or vic-tims of the crime are targeted based on a particular characteristic. Sometimes we hear about hate crimes committed against the LGBT community because of their sexual orientation or gender identity, but hate crimes are often per-petrated against people on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, or gender. Hate crimes targeted against people based on their characteristics are done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.014 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4382 June 21, 2016 
so because not only are the victims vic-timized, but it sends a message of ter-ror and hate throughout a community to all people who share characteristics with the victim or who love people who share the characteristics of the victim. They are terrifying, and they deserve, as we have chosen to do in the United States, to be treated very specifically as hate crimes. It is only recently that the United States recognized hate crimes against members of the LGBT community or against women or people with disabil-ities with the passage of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. There are too many of these hate crimes in the news these days. We are still grieving the massive numbers of dead and injured in Orlando. It was not all that long ago that Charleston had a mass murder in a church. The African- American community was targeted. In Wisconsin, in another place of worship, in a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, WI, a gunman came and targeted the con-gregation during Sunday worship. In America, hate crimes overall are declining. That is good news, and that says something about what we can do together when we pass strong laws and try to prevent these crimes, educate, and enforce our laws. But I am sad to share that while overall our hate crimes are declining, those against some groups—most notably Muslims and members of the LGBT commu-nity—are on the rise. LGBT people are more likely than any other group to be targeted for hate violence, and LGBT people of color, particularly transgender women of color, are at the very greatest risk. The amendment I have offered, along with my colleagues, Senators M
IKULSKI  and H
IRONO , would provide, in the Com-merce-Justice-Science appropriations bill, additional funding for the Civil Rights Division to focus on hate crimes prevention on the one hand but also en-forcement and prosecution of those crimes when they occur. This amend-ment will provide important tools to the Justice Department that they need to combat discrimination and crimes of hate in communities across the coun-try. I am pleased to have a large num-ber of human rights organizations in this country endorse this as an impor-tant step forward. We need to take action. We need to do more to address terrorism, to ad-dress gun violence, and to address hate crimes. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to join me in calling for a vote on this amendment and supporting it when we get that opportunity. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. ZIKA VIRUS Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am on the floor to focus on some very frightening news we got late last week about the Zika virus, news that shows just how important it is that we get emergency funding to the President’s desk right away. Last week, three babies were born in the United States with birth defects linked to Zika. Three other preg-nancies didn’t make it to term as a re-sult of this virus. As a mother and grandmother, my heart goes out to these families, and as a U.S. Senator, I am extremely frustrated that 4 months since President Obama first asked for a strong emergency funding package to respond to this frightening virus, Con-gress still has not sent anything to the President’s desk because, unfortu-nately, the longer we wait to act, the more those numbers are going to grow. In fact, Tom Frieden, Director of the CDC, has said in Puerto Rico alone, hundreds of babies could be born with birth defects related to Zika. There are already nearly 2,200 reported cases of Zika in the United States and the ter-ritories, and more than 400 expecting mothers are being monitored for pos-sible infection. Without question, this is a public health emergency. What makes it all the more frustrating is we have an agreement that could go to the Presi-dent to be signed into law right away. While it shouldn’t have taken so long, Senate Republicans did finally agree to work with us on a downpayment on the President’s emergency funding pro-posal. The agreement we have reached would give communities more re-sources for vector control. It would help accelerate development of a vac-cine and, critically, provide much needed preventive health care, includ-ing family planning services, such as contraception, to families who ask for it. This package has support from both sides of the aisle. All Senate Demo-crats and nearly half of Senate Repub-licans voted for it. It has now been a full month since that agreement passed in the Senate. Unfortunately, instead of acting on it, House Republicans chose to move to conference with their own underfunded, irresponsible pro-posal that offers just one-third of what is needed to combat this virus and drains much needed resources from the ongoing Ebola response effort. With the health and well-being of women and babies on the line, now is not the time for nickel-and-diming. It is not the time for debates about tak-ing from one health care priority to support another. This is the time to act because every infection prevented is a potential tragedy prevented, and there is no good reason why we cannot get a strong emergency funding pro-posal to the President’s desk this week. Families are looking to Congress for action on Zika. It is well past time that we delivered, and I hope we can get this done without any further delay. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for a few moments before the gavel comes down at 12:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about three amendments to this bill that I think would help keep America safe from gun violence. After so many tragedies, including the mass murder earlier this month in Or-lando, this Chamber has had one oppor-tunity after another to do something about the gun violence crisis, and last night was our most recent chance. The American people are watching us, waiting to see what we will do, wondering if this time, after yet an-other mass shooting, after yet another hateful, angry person was able to have such easy access to a weapon of war to use it to quickly kill a crowd of inno-cent people—maybe this time the Sen-ate would act. But, no, this Chamber did nothing. The Senate didn’t pass a single bill, not even a bill to prevent someone on the terror watch list from buying an illegal gun—not one. How many innocent peo-ple have to be killed by guns in this country before Congress is actually convinced to act? The Senate failed the American peo-ple last night, and there is no other way to put it. We aren’t listening to our constituents who are desperate for Congress to act. This Chamber hasn’t done anything to help keep the American people safe in the aftermath of so much violence. Every time a mass shooting happens somewhere in America—just like the one that occurred in Orlando—we hear the same calls for stronger, better, tougher laws. The American people overwhelmingly support them and nearly every time the gun industry and its powerful lobby do whatever they can do to block these bills to protect their own profits. It is the same cycle over and over again. Someone with no business han-dling a powerful deadly weapon of war has easy access to that weapon and then uses it to kill many people— quickly. We have to make it harder for hateful, violent, radicalized people to get their hands on weapons of war. The only way to change this—the only way—is if Congress fulfills its responsi-bility to protect the American people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.016 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4383 June 21, 2016 
and pass new laws that help keep us safe. I have three amendments, new amendments, that have not been voted on this session. They are three amend-ments that actually could keep more Americans free of gun violence. First is a law enforcement bill. It is a bipartisan gun trafficking amend-ment which would finally make gun trafficking a Federal crime. One would assume that bringing weapons up I–95 and selling them out of the back of a truck to a gang member in New York City would be illegal, that it would be a Federal crime. It is not. It is not a Federal crime to do that. This bill is called the Hadiya Pen-dleton and Nyasia Pryear-Yard Gun Trafficking and Crime Prevention Act. It is named after two teenage girls who lost their lives because of gun violence in their neighborhoods. They were playing with friends, minding their own business, and a stray bullet shot them both down. Nyasia was killed in Brooklyn. Hadiya was killed in Chi-cago. These were two young girls. I met Nyasia’s parents. They do not un-derstand why their daughter had to die. Right now, there is no Federal law preventing someone from loading up a truck in Georgia, driving it up I–95, and reselling those weapons in a parking lot in Brooklyn to a gang member or other dangerous people who aren’t eli-gible to buy guns anywhere else. This amendment would change that. It would give our law enforcement the tools they need to get illegal guns off the street and to prosecute those who are trafficking guns. The second amendment I would offer would require weapons dealers to keep physical inventories. This is something law enforcement has asked for. With-out accurate inventory, it is impossible for law enforcement to know whether illegal gun sales are taking place or even if weapons have been stolen from that store. There are just a small number—a very small number—of bad gun dealers, but our law enforcement officials have a right to be able to find out who they are, why they are selling these weapons out of the back of their gun sales places and then selling them directly to criminals who drive them up I–95 and sell them to gang members in Brooklyn or the Bronx or in Harlem or in Buffalo. The third amendment is also a law enforcement amendment, something asked for by law enforcement. It would allow the ATF to ban foreign imports of military-style weapons, which tend to be used in crimes. Right now, many weapons with mili-tary-style features not intended for hunting, including those with high-ca-pacity magazines and laser sights, are being dumped into the U.S. market-place by foreign arms manufacturers. This amendment would help prevent those dangerous, military-style weap-ons from flooding our streets and end-ing up in the hands of criminals. No one in America should have to go through his or her daily life in fear of an angry, radicalized citizen who can easily buy a weapon of war and use it on innocent Americans. All of these amendments would help law enforce-ment do their jobs—be able to find criminals who are trafficking weapons, be able to find that small percentage of bad gun dealers and shut them down, and make sure foreign companies aren’t flooding our market with illegal military weapons. These three changes would make a difference. They would help our law enforcement community keep our communities safe. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:34 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2578, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Shelby/Mikulski amendment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for McCain) amendment No. 4787 (to amendment No. 4685), to amend sec-tion 2709 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that the Government may obtain a specified set of electronic communication transactional records under that section, and to make permanent the authority for indi-vidual terrorists to be treated as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978. McConnell motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations for a pe-riod of 14 days. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah, the President Pro Tempore. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to complete my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SOCIAL SECURITY TRUSTEES ’ REPORTS  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, a few weeks ago I came to the floor to dis-cuss the situation surrounding Presi-dent Obama’s nominees to serve as public trustees on the board of trustees for the various Social Security and Medicare trust funds. At that time, I noted that these nominations had be-come the center of a political firestorm. Sadly, that firestorm has continued in the weeks since I last spoke about this issue. While I have lit-tle desire to delve into what is a manu-factured controversy, I do want to take some time to note how some events taking place this week should impact this particular debate. Tomorrow, the Social Security and Medicare Boards of Trustees will re-lease their annual reports, providing their assessment of the past, present, and projected future financial condi-tions of the trust funds. For decades, these reports have largely been devoid of politics, which is important because it allows policymakers and the general public to trust the numbers that are reported. Currently, there are four senior Obama administration officials who serve as trustees on these various Boards. There are also two positions for public trustee—one from each party according to the law—that are cur-rently vacant. While it is not unheard of for the Boards to issue their reports without confirmed public trustees in place, this administration has issued more trustees’ reports with vacancies in the public trustee positions than any other administration. In a recent article in the Huffington Post, Senators WARREN , SCHUMER , and W
HITEHOUSE put forth some serious al-legations of political tampering with recent Social Security trustees’ re-ports, stemming, according to their ar-guments, from the supposed undue in-fluence of one particular public trust-ee. That trustee, Dr. Charles Blahous, has been renominated by President Obama. Specifically, these Senators alleged in their article that, due solely to the presence of this single public trustee on the Board, nefarious assumptions were somehow inserted into the trust-ees’ report analysis, leading the report to overstate the financial challenges facing Social Security. My good friend, Senator S
CHUMER of New York, echoed the very same allegations in a recent Finance Committee markup where we favorably reported President Obama’s nominees for public trustee. And, I em-phasize, these are President Obama’s nominees. In the words of these prominent and outspoken Senators, the 2014 Social Se-curity trustees’ report, ‘‘curiously in-corporated a number of assumptions playing up the potential of future in-solvency of the program—a key talking point in the right-wing war on Social Security.’’ Moreover, according to those Senators, the assumptions ‘‘were so troublesome that the independent Chief Actuary for Social Security took the unprecedented step of writing a public statement of actuarial opinion disagreeing with the report.’’ They go on to say that ‘‘after similarly ques-tionable elements appeared in the 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.017 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4384 June 21, 2016 
report, the Chief Actuary reported this extraordinary public rebuke.’’ These assumptions—and Dr. Blahous’s very presence on the Board— are, according to my colleagues, part of an effort funded and directed by the in-famous Koch brothers to dismantle So-cial Security and further an anti-gov-ernment agenda. In fact, their article was ridiculously titled ‘‘The Koch Brothers Are Trying To Handpick Gov-ernment Officials. We Have To Stop Them.’’ These are serious allegations that call into question the integrity of the annual trustees’ reports. Yet my col-leagues have stated these allegations repeatedly in various forms, from com-mittee hearings, to Twitter feeds, to campaign fundraising materials, all without any apparent regard for these implications. Worst of all, the charges are also patently false, and they can-not be supported by fact, reason, or even common sense. Setting aside the almost paranoid and conspiratorial tone my colleagues have used when making these claims and even assuming, for the sake of ar-gument, that supposedly questionable assumptions were baked into those trustees’ reports, there is simply no re-motely possible way that they were used solely because of Dr. Blahous’s in-fluence. Given the structure of these Boards, if a single public trustee were able to have such a pernicious influ-ence on assumptions incorporated into reports that warranted some sort of alert from the Chief Actuary, then all of the other trustees—Treasury Sec-retary Lew, Labor Secretary Perez, Health and Human Services Secretary Burwell, Acting Commissioner of So-cial Security Colvin, the Democratic Public Trustee Robert Reischauer—and their staffs were either complicit in the perverse distortions or were too incom-petent and powerless to detect them. Give me a break. In other words, although they con-veniently overlook these facts, when my colleagues publicly indict the in-tegrity of the Social Security trustees’ reports, they are implicitly and nec-essarily calling into question the com-petence and efficiency of senior mem-bers of President Obama’s Cabinet and, really, that of President Obama him-self, who renominated Dr. Blahous to serve a second term. Of course, being honest about the makeup of the Board and the process by which these reports are compiled would make fundraising emails and campaign commercials, not to mention inflammatory entries on a Senator’s Twitter feed, far less compelling. Rec-ognizing this, my colleagues have opted to simply imply that Dr. Blahous—only one of the whole number of those on the Board—was solely re-sponsible for allegedly questionable contents of the reports, apparently hoping no one will fact-check their as-sertions. I have to, as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, fact-check these not so very honest assertions. Sadly, no one from the Obama ad-ministration has stepped forward to de-fend the President’s nominee and re-fute these wild claims. More curious, however, is the fact that no one from the administration has publicly come forth to defend themselves from these Senators’ charges of apparent incom-petence and powerlessness in the face of Dr. Blahous’s dastardly influence. I think we need a clearer picture of what went on in the compiling of those re-ports. In order to clear the air on this, I sent letters earlier today to the admin-istration officials who sit on the Board to see if they agree with the claim that the reports they all willingly signed in-cluded some unwarranted assumptions designed to undermine Social Security and requesting that they provide me with a full briefing on the issue. Of course, the absurdity of my var-ious colleagues’ claims goes beyond their implicit condemnation of mem-bers of President Obama’s Cabinet be-cause these senior officials were not the only line of defense standing be-tween the report and the alleged con-spiracy to take down Social Security. If these reports included some per-nicious assumptions, they not only slipped by the Secretaries of Treasury, Labor, and HHS, and the Acting Social Security Commissioner, they must also have had to slip the notice of 10 mem-bers of the 2015 Technical Panel on As-sumptions and Methods, which was commissioned by the Social Security Advisory Board and contained many recognized and highly respected ex-perts, including a Nobel Prize-winning economist. In other words, the pernicious and al-legedly billionaire-inspired assump-tions that a single public trustee was somehow able to covertly insert into multiple trustees’ reports in order to overstate Social Security’s financial challenges were so cleverly advanced that they eluded prominent Obama ad-ministration officials, their staffs, 10 highly skilled, expert researchers, and the Social Security Advisory Board staff. That is ridiculous. And only the Chief Actuary was able to detect the skullduggery. That is still not the end of it, how-ever. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, CBO, has also produced forecasts of Social Security’s finances, using some assumptions that differ from those used by the trustees for their reports but which identify even greater financial challenges to the So-cial Security trust funds than those concluded in the recent trustees’ re-ports. According to Senators W
ARREN , S
CHUMER , and W HITEHOUSE , Dr. Blahous, serving as an agent for the Kochs, was able to skew with nefarious assumptions as part of ‘‘the right-wing war on Social Security’’ to play up the potential future insolvency of the pro-gram. Even so, he apparently wasn’t di-abolical enough because he ended up duping the other trustees into assign-ing lesser financial challenges to So-cial Security than those seen by the CBO. Of course, perhaps my colleagues be-lieve that this anti-government con-spiracy has somehow infiltrated CBO, as well. If that is the case, perhaps they should come forward and reveal to the public just how deep the rabbit hole goes. Needless to say, none of this is sen-sible. It doesn’t even pass the laugh test. And Dr. Blahous’s influence on the trustees’ reports isn’t the only thing my colleagues have overstated in their writings, tweets, and campaign materials. They also dramatically overstate the ‘‘rebukes’’ issued by the Chief Actuary for the 2014 and 2015 re-ports. It is actually shameful for my colleagues to do this. In truth, there actually were no re-bukes or disagreements included in the actuary reports. In fact, for both years in question, the Chief Actuary wrote that ‘‘the assumptions used and the re-sulting actuarial estimates are, indi-vidually and in the aggregate, reason-able for the purpose of evaluating the financial and actuarial status of the trust funds, taking into consideration the past experience and future expecta-tions for the population, the economy, and the program.’’ There were caveats which largely re-flected the Chief Actuary’s own opin-ions but nothing that would call into question the integrity of the reports as my colleagues claim. As I have said in the past, these tactics are, in my view, shameful, and they have little to do with protecting the promise of Social Security. Instead, they are 100 percent political, designed to serve as a proxy for what political operatives hope will be an epic campaign battle over Social Security, something the other side con-stantly wages falsely. And, as is too often the case, the truth has taken a backseat to campaign talking points and fundraising efforts. Rather than engage on the substance of their preferred Social Security poli-cies—and those of their presumptive Presidential nominee—my friends have opted to put forward false assertions and allegations that cannot be sup-ported by the facts in order to attack a nominee’s integrity and further a twisted story about supposed Repub-lican efforts to ‘‘privatize’’ Social Se-curity and ‘‘turn it over to Wall Street.’’ It is not hard to see why some of my friends on the other side and their po-litical allies in the activist community want to construct this type of con-spiracy with regard to Social Security. After all, in recent years, the only meaningful advancement to prolong the life of any Social Security trust fund took place last year under a Re-publican-controlled Congress. Last year, Republicans put together a bipar-tisan package to avert benefit cuts for disability beneficiaries. At best Demo-crats only reluctantly came on board. That package, which President Obama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.020 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4385 June 21, 2016 
signed into law, contained no ‘‘privat-ization.’’ The only thing close to a ‘‘benefit cut’’ was a provision on retire-ment benefits claiming strategies based on provisions put forward in President Obama’s budget. Yet, rather than help avert benefit cuts for disabled American workers and improve the disability insurance pro-gram, many of my friends on the other side spent most of their energy last year raising campaign money by scar-ing Social Security beneficiaries and giving speeches claiming that Repub-licans wanted to do nothing more than privatize Social Security and turn it over to Wall Street. We have been see-ing those kind of tactics in every elec-tion for decades. It is shameful. Even with these constant attacks and distor-tions coming from my friends on the other side throughout 2015, Repub-licans constructed a package that en-acted the most meaningful reforms to Social Security in three decades and averted massive benefit cuts. We did so by dragging most Democrats along kicking and screaming. It is not sur-prising that my colleagues are feeling the pressure to reassert their claims of ownership of all things Social Security in this election cycle, which they seem to do every election cycle—falsely, by the way. It is shameful. By the way, in the midst of that 2015 debate, a prominent Democratic Sen-ator gave a speech at the headquarters of a leftwing advocacy group—one that happens to receive funding from a noted leftist billionaire—warning of ‘‘attacks from the far right’’ on Social Security and ‘‘backdoor attempts to dismantle and privatize Social Secu-rity by discrediting disability insur-ance.’’ Curiously, that same event was attended by the Chief Actuary of So-cial Security, who was also a speaker at the event, and it was live tweeted by the Social Security Administration. Yet no one from the Republican Party published any inflammatory articles accusing the Chief Actuary of using his title or position in association with a politically partisan event. No one ac-cused him of ‘‘burnishing his creden-tials’’ by speaking at a highly partisan event. Certainly, no one made claims of a vast leftist conspiracy to plant progressive sympathizers in influential positions in order to advance a leftist view on Social Security or to capture the agency. By contrast, let’s consider what that Huffington Post article and three of my Democratic colleagues said about Dr. Charles Blahous. The article claims that he ‘‘burnishes his credentials’’ as a public trustee by daring to write arti-cles outside of his role as public trustee that identify and analyze financial challenges facing Social Security and Medicare. Gee, I would think that would be part of his responsibility. The article decries his affiliation with his own workplace, calling it ‘‘a Koch front-group,’’ which zealously approves an ‘‘anti-government agenda.’’ Essentially, these Senators are say-ing that if you dare have ideas and thoughts with which they disagree, even if you offer them in reasoned writings and speeches, then you should be censored and deemed unfit to serve in any public capacity. My friends on the other side of the aisle have unfortunately injected need-less politics into Social Security trust-ee reports and have threatened the in-tegrity of those very reports with their allegations, as well as attacking an in-dividual based on false claims. Unfor-tunately, it seems that in an election year, Democrats are intent on con-structing a ‘‘privatization’’ straw man and using it to scare seniors into send-ing checks and votes to Democrats— something we have become pretty used to, really. That is despicable, to say the least. On the altar of election-year politics, they are apparently more than willing to sacrifice the historic trans-parency and integrity provided by the trustees’ reports. Indeed, they have gone out of their way to claim that the reports are already politically com-promised despite having no credible evidence that such is the case—none, zero. Thanks to a bipartisan desire to have the facts on Social Security’s trust funds reported objectively and hon-estly, we have gone for decades with trustee reports that were largely free of political controversy. Unfortu-nately, some of my friends in the Sen-ate, spurred on by their activist polit-ical operatives, seem no longer to have that political desire. It would truly be sad and not in the interest of current or future Social Security beneficiaries if trustees’ reports now become mere political documents. While that is the road my colleagues apparently want to send us down—at least during this elec-tion year—I plan to do all I can to en-sure that will not become the case. I am really concerned when I see peo-ple of this dimension in the greatest legislative body in the world using the Social Security ploy again in such a despicable way. It is hard for me to un-derstand. I think it is hard for anybody who looks at it carefully to under-stand. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland is recognized. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I have a question for the distinguished Sen-ator from Utah. What are the Senator’s proposals to stabilize the Social Security trust fund? Mr. HATCH. I am sorry; I did not hear the question. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, the Senator from Utah said that we Demo-crats have politicized the debate. Mr. HATCH. I didn’t say all of you have. Ms. MIKULSKI. No, but my friend did say that we have injected politics into the Social Security debate and then went on to talk about how others have written articles. I don’t dispute what my friend said. But because he chairs the Finance Committee, I won-dered what his five ideas are for the stabilization of the trust fund. Maybe we can find common ground because it is a troubling matter. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I am will-ing to look at the trustees’ reports on this. There are six trustees, including Mr. Blahous, who is the only Repub-lican. I am not even sure if he is a Re-publican, but I think he is. They all signed off on these reports, and they all indicated we have to be careful about Social Security or we are going to have a rough time keeping it stable. I don’t think anybody in their right mind thinks that we can continue to keep doing what we are doing without finding some way of shoring this up. Ms. MIKULSKI. Right. As the chair of the committee, my question is this: What are my friend’s ideas so we can find common ground? Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, my ideas are to not put out false information or false language. Ms. MIKULSKI. OK, that is one we agree on. Mr. HATCH. I have to say that our ideas are to find every way possible to stabilize the Social Security system. Ms. MIKULSKI. What is an example of one? Mr. HATCH. Who knows. All I can say is that we have held hearings on it, and we have had everything from more taxes to pay for it, which isn’t very ex-citing to most people around here, to more government programs to pay for, to any number of other social programs to pay for, and, frankly, none of those have been picked up by either side, to be honest with you. It is apparent that we are going to have to do something to shore up So-cial Security in the future, and the question is this: Are we going to just make it a sinkhole where all we do is put more and more money into it or are we going to live with the reality that we are spending ourselves blind in this country? I don’t see any desire on the part of my colleagues on the other side to live with that reality right now. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the response of the Senator from Utah, for whom I have a great deal of respect, but I want the record to show that the Democrats are not playing some kind of privatization card. The proposal to do that has come from the other party time and again. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, will the Senator yield on that? Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I be-lieve I have the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland has the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, we are not playing a Social Security card. We don’t believe you should play with Social Security, and that is why many of us opposed the chained CPI. Every-body knows what chained CPI is. That is Washington talk that would dra-matically and irrevocably lower the cost of living that Social Security beneficiaries already get. If speaking up to protect and make sure senior citizens are getting their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.021 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4386 June 21, 2016 
cost of living is playing the Social Se-curity card, deal me in. Talking about Social Security solvency and trying to find common ground and identifying what are the basic proposals that we could at least discuss is not playing a card. I don’t believe in playing the card, and I don’t believe in playing the game. Let’s not go around implying that Democrats are somehow or another making Social Security a political football. It is a political football, but what I worry about is, in the game of political football on Social Security, who gets kicked around but the sen-iors. That is who gets kicked around in the game of political football on Social Security. Yes, the stability of the trust fund is a very real issue, and I note that the ranking member on the Finance Com-mittee is here, and I ask if the Senator wishes to speak. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I would like to respond. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, does Senator W
YDEN wish to speak at this time? Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I say to my colleague that I just walked in and I am prepared to speak on another sub-ject, whenever it is convenient for my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I haven’t yielded the floor yet. I asked because the distinguished Senator from Utah is the chair of the Finance Com-mittee. The ranking member has ar-rived, and I didn’t know if they planned a colloquy. That is why I turned and asked my colleague if he wished to make a comment, but I was not giving up the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland is not permitted to yield, apparently, but is certainly per-mitted to speak. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Ohio, who is the Presiding Officer. We have been in session for over a half-hour, and I have spoken for only 5 minutes. I just want to reiterate that the solvency of Social Security and its trust fund is indeed of significant na-tional interest. We have had a variety of commissions. We have had a lot of proposals. We have had a lot of meet-ings. We now need to have the will to act, but the will to act goes in pin-pointing solutions and not pointing a finger at someone because of the polit-ical party they belong to. Mr. President, I am now going to yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I was just explaining that we just fixed the dis-ability insurance fund last year. I wish to also point out that the last time I recall anybody talking about the pri-vatization of Social Security was President Clinton. The last time I heard, he was a Democrat. All I am saying is this: I don’t know anybody on our side who is advocating right now that we should privatize So-cial Security. I think everybody is ad-vocating that we should shore it up and somehow or another strengthen it. I am one of those people. Yet we have a number of Senators here alleging that one of the six trustees—it is so out of line to say that—has all the evidence to sign off on a report that Social Se-curity needs some help, and they are saying that this man, who happens to be the only Republican on the board of trustees, is trying to push a privatiza-tion schedule. That is all I am bringing up. I can say that I have heard Demo-crats talk about privatization as well. It is one of the subjects that I suppose has to come up in conjunction with this: Are we going to save Social Secu-rity? Will we do what is necessary here? Are we just going to keep talking about it like we do year after year? Are we going to allow one side to continue to distort what Social Security is all about? And are we going to do it to the detriment of every Republican in this body who feels completely otherwise? That is what I am talking about. I think most Democrats want to help secure Social Security, as I do, but to use that as a political ploy every time we turn around every 2 years is just plain not right. That is what I am de-crying here today. We ought to all look and see what we can do to strengthen Social Security, and we ought to look at every possible way of doing so and choose the best approaches we possibly can. But to have false allegations thrown out there just for political rea-sons to scare the people out there who are on Social Security, unjustly scare them, I think is despicable, and I think we ought to put a stop to it and quit making Social Security the paddle ball for Democrats in our political process. I am chairman of the Finance Com-mittee. I have every desire to work with Democrats to resolve all of these issues, and I am open to whatever will help to resolve them. Our senior citi-zens deserve that type of treatment. I want to make sure we don’t just make this a big political issue, as has been done here. Blahous is a very important person, a strong personality, a strong, highly educated person who has given great service in this area. I just don’t think it is proper to make him a symbol in what really is a false set of accusa-tions. I am not going to put up with it, and I don’t think anybody else should either. And I don’t think my colleagues on the other side, if they really under-stand the situation, will put up with it either. We have a body that works together in many good ways. I have total re-spect for the distinguished Senator from Maryland. She is somebody I do work with, whom I want to work with. She is thoughtful. She has done a great job on her committee—her committees, I should say—and she has a friend in me, and so do the three who have been doing this. They are friends, but they shouldn’t be doing that. That is all I am saying. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LANKFORD ). The Senator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4787 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I believe the next vote will take place on the amendment offered by the senior Sen-ator from Arizona that would allow for the issuance of what are called na-tional security letters, or NSLs, which are administrative subpoenas, and there will be an additional provision on what is called lone wolf. I am going to direct most of my comments for col-leagues on the national security letters because the lone wolf provision was re-authorized for another 4 years as part of the USA FREEDOM Act. I want colleagues to understand that this tool, which certainly has been de-bated, while never used—it wouldn’t have applied to the Orlando or San Bernardino cases—I want colleagues to understand that it is the law of the land today, and in the USA FREEDOM Act, it was extended for another 4 years. What I would like to do, though, is focus my remarks on the amendment from the senior Senator from Arizona as it relates to national security let-ters. In effect, what the senior Senator from Arizona is seeking to do is add back a provision that the administra-tion of George W. Bush—not exactly an administration people would accuse of being soft on terror—the senior Sen-ator from Arizona is seeking to add back this provision that was rejected by the administration of George W. Bush. Here is how the amendment offered by the senior Senator from Arizona would work. Under his amendment, which we will vote on tomorrow, na-tional security letters, which are called NSLs, could be issued by any FBI field office to demand records from a com-pany without going to a judge or with-out any other oversight whatsoever. So let’s repeat that because what col-leagues have wanted to know is exactly what this would cover. The McCain amendment would allow for the gov-ernment to demand email records, text message logs, Web browsing history, and certain types of other location in-formation without any court oversight whatsoever. As I have indicated, this had been on the books for a number of years, and the administration of George W. Bush said it was unnecessary—in effect, that it was unnecessarily intrusive. In addition, since the Bush adminis-tration acted, I want to make mention of the fact that in the USA FREEDOM Act, the Congress adopted something I have been working on for a number of years—since really 2013—to, in effect, give the government additional author-ity in the case of emergencies. In other words, I have always felt the Fourth Amendment and the warrant process was something that was very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.022 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4387 June 21, 2016 
special in our country, but we live, of course, in a very dangerous time. We are all concerned about the security and the safety and the well-being of the people we represent. So I said, in sec-tion 102 of the FREEDOM Act, let’s make sure the FBI has all the authori-ties necessary to protect the American people in the instance of an emergency. So the USA FREEDOM Act gave the FBI the authority to demand all the records they deemed necessary and then, in effect, after the fact—after the fact—come back and settle up with the court. So unless you are opposed to court oversight after the fact, unless you are opposed to court oversight al-together, there is no reason to support the amendment offered by the senior Senator from Arizona. A number of colleagues have also asked about the history of these na-tional security letters. There is a long history of abuse and misuse, a long and very undistinguished record of abusive practices. The Justice Department inspector general has issued four separate re-ports over the past few years—four sep-arate reports—documenting a number of serious problems. The inspector gen-eral found that data collected pursuant to the national security letters was stored indefinitely and used to gain ac-cess to private information in cases that weren’t relevant to an FBI inves-tigation, and the national security let-ters were used to collect tens of thou-sands of records at a time. Some have also made mention of the fact that a company that gets one of these national security letters could challenge it in court. That is tech-nically right. Big companies that have the resources can challenge them. The small companies invariably say they can’t afford to do that. So, again, no oversight. No oversight—particularly striking given the fact that, as I have noted, in the FREEDOM Act—some-thing I felt very strongly about—we gave the government additional au-thority in the instance of emergencies. So we have now, by virtue of the amendment we will vote on tomorrow from my friend and colleague—we cer-tainly have agreed on plenty of issues over the years. This is one where we see it differently. You have something the Bush administration rejected. The administration of George W. Bush— hardly one that we would say is sympa-thetic to the idea of weakening the government’s stance against terror— they thought this was a mistake. They thought the amendment that there will be an effort to add back in was a mis-take, and it was taken out. This would not have beefed up the fight against what happened in San Bernardino and Orlando. The FBI says it would help them with paperwork. I am not going to quibble with that. I have great respect for the FBI. But we are going to aban-don court oversight in an area where the inspector general has documented abuses because it is convenient? Colleagues, I will close with this: It is a dangerous time. If you sit on the Intelligence Committee, as I have for a number of years, you know that is not in question. The American people want policies that promote their security and their liberty. That is what we are aiming for. What is being advanced in this amendment is an idea that really doesn’t do either. It doesn’t advance the security and well-being of the American people, and it certainly erodes their liberties. So I hope tomorrow, when we have the vote on this amendment, that col-leagues will look at the history. It was rejected by the Bush administration. Now we have emergency authority, I say to my colleagues, for the govern-ment to get information when it needs it. After the fact, the government can come back and settle up. I think this amendment is a very substantial mistake. There has been a long history documented by the inspec-tor general of abuses with these na-tional security letters. I urge my col-leagues tomorrow to oppose this amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, the White House approved the FBI’s re-quest for this fix and sent forward a proposal, and then FBI Director James Comey, who I think is well respected— in fact, probably one of the most re-spected men in America—summed up the importance of this amendment, the Director of the FBI. No one who I know of has accused the Director of the FBI of trying to adopt some unconstitu-tional practices or gather power upon himself and his agency. Here is what he said: This amendment ‘‘would be enor-mously helpful.’’ That is despite what the Senator from Oregon says. He said this is essentially ‘‘a typo in the law that was passed a number of years ago that requires us to get records, ordi-nary transaction records that we can get in most contexts with a non-court order, because it doesn’t involve con-tent of any kind, to go to the FISA court to get a court order to get these records. Nobody intended that.’’ That is what the Director of the FBI says. That is what the record shows, as is important. As the Director of the FBI says: 
Nobody intended that. Nobody I’ve heard thinks that’s necessary. It would save us a tremendous amount of work hours if we could fix that, without any compromise to anyone’s civil liberties or civil rights. 
I agree with the Director of the FBI. This amendment—I am astounded, very frankly, that there is not a unani-mous vote on this. It is simple. If the FBI is able to go into your financial written records, if they are able to go into your telephone records, then, pray tell, what is the difference between those and electronic records? It just so happens electronic records are much larger. So don’t take my word for it, I say to my colleagues, but I would listen to the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association—that renowned ‘‘corrupt’’ organization. The Federal Law En-forcement Officers Association—the Nation’s largest nonpartisan profes-sional association which represents Federal law enforcement officers from every Federal law enforcement agency, including the FBI—strongly supports this amendment. They go on to say—again, contrary to what the Senator from Oregon says, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association says that this amendment ‘‘would correct an oversight in the law that has impeded the FBI’s ability to obtain these records in national secu-rity cases on a timely basis.’’ They go on to say that ‘‘for over fifteen years— including the eight years after 9/11— the FBI continued to use’’—what they are talking about now is they want ‘‘to gather electronic communications transactional records. Significantly, this authority was never used to ac-quire these records indiscriminantly.’’ They go on to say that the amendment ‘‘is necessary to protect America from terrorist threats and transnational criminal organizations.’’ This is what those men and women— thousands of them are members of this organization. The list is incredibly long. The Federal law enforcement agencies believe this amendment is necessary to protect them and America from terrorist threats and transnational criminal organizations. It is clear. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the following letters of sup-port be printed in the RECORD : the Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion letter, the National Fraternal Order of Police letter, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation Agents Asso-ciation letter. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  O
FFICERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, June 10, 2016. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Judiciary Committee, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , Ranking Member, Judiciary Committee, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER LEAHY : The Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association (FLEOA)—the na-tion’s largest non-partisan professional asso-ciation which represents federal law enforce-ment officers from every federal law enforce-ment agency, including the FBI—strongly supports Senator Cornyn’s effort to address issues related to Electronic Communication Transactional Records (ECTRs) during the Senate Judiciary Committee’s consideration of S. 356, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act Amendments Act of 2015. The amendment, referred to as the ‘‘ECTR Fix,’’ would update electronic privacy laws and would help the FBI effectively investigate and thwart terrorist plots. The ECTR amendment would correct an oversight in the law that has impeded the FBI’s ability to obtain these records in na-tional security cases on a timely basis. In Counterterrorism and counterintelligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.024 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4388 June 21, 2016 
investigations, telephone toll records and electronic communications transactional records are key components. It’s important to distinguish that these electronic commu-nications are metadata, not content. Section 2709 of Title 18 permits the FBI to collect this data with a national security letter so long as the information is ‘‘relevant to an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intel-ligence activities.’’ The metadata from these records are critical when the content of ter-rorist communications are increasingly be-yond the reach of lawful process because of the widespread deployment of strong encryption software. As originally enacted, Section 2709(a) es-tablished a duty for wire and electronic serv-ice providers to comply with an FBI request for ‘‘subscriber information and toll billing records information, or electronic commu-nications transactional records,’’ and sub-section (b) provided the means by which the FBI could make such requests. Section 2709(b), however, did not specify the informa-tion that the FBI could request. Instead, it referenced ‘‘any such information and records’’ as described in subsection (a). Congress amended Section 2709(b) in 1993 to specify that the ‘‘subscriber information’’ that a certification could request consisted of ‘‘name, address, length of service, and toll billing records.’’ No changes were made to the authority to obtain electronic commu-nications transactional records. However, while Section 2709(a) still required produc-tion of electronic communications trans-actional records, removal of the phrase ‘‘any such information and records’’ left sub-section (b) without any specific reference to the electronic communications transactional records referenced in subsection (a). None-theless, Congress clearly intended Section 2709 to continue to serve as a means of ob-taining electronic communications trans-actional records, as subsection (a) continued to refer to a duty to produce such records on request, and the title of the provision contin-ued to reference ‘‘transactional records.’’ For over fifteen years—including the eight years after 9/11—the FBI continued to use Section 2709 to gather electronic commu-nications transactional records. Signifi-cantly, this authority was never used to ac-quire these records indiscriminately or in bulk. However, the recently-passed USA FREEDOM Act specifically prohibits doing so. In 2009, however, some electronic commu-nications service providers began refusing to comply with these requests, citing the scriv-ener’s error referenced above. The number of providers refusing to do so has increased over the years. In certain cases, the FBI has sought the records using other authorities, but those authorities take significantly more time and resources than using Section 2709. This section of the bill would amend Sec-tion 2709 to reflect the original intent of Congress by clarifying the types of ‘‘tele-phone toll and transactional records’’ that the FBI used it to obtain for many years, while explicitly prohibiting the collection of communications content. In December 2015, FBI Director James Comey summed up the critical importance of the ETCR amendment when he testified be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee. He said, clarifying this authority ‘‘would be enormously helpful. There is essentially a typo in the law that was passed a number of years ago that requires us to get records, or-dinary transaction records that we can get in most contexts with a non-court order, be-cause it doesn’t involve content of any kind, to go to the FISA court to get a court order to get these records. Nobody intended that. Nobody I’ve heard thinks that that’s nec-essary. It would save us a tremendous amount of work hours if we could fix that, without any compromise to anyone’s civil liberties or civil rights.’’ The ECTR amendment is necessary to pro-tect America from terrorist threats and transnational criminal organizations. I strongly urge you to consider adopting the ETCR Fix as part of S. 356 the Electronic Communications Privacy Act Amendments Act. Respectively, N
ATHAN R. C ATURA , FLEOA National President. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  O
RDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, June 21, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY M. R EID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS MCCONNELL AND REID, I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fra-ternal Order of Police to advise you of our support for S. Amdt. 4787 which will be of-fered to amend H.R. 2578, the ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2016.’’ The amendment will provide Federal law enforcement with the tools they need to in-vestigate and prevent terrorist attacks by clarifying Section 2709 of Title 18 with re-spect to Electronic Communication Trans-actional Records (ECTRs). Under this stat-ute, Federal law enforcement authorities have been able to request and then collect metadata, not content, from service pro-viders as long as they have a national secu-rity letter and the data request is ‘‘relevant to an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandes-tine intelligence activities.’’ However, de-spite 15 years of regular cooperation, recent requests made to some service providers have been rejected and these companies have cited ambiguity in the existing statute. The amendment would make clear Con-gressional intent that such requests do not allow access to any content but that name, email, Internet Protocol (IP) and physical addresses, telephone me/instrument number, account number, login history, length and type of service as well as the means by which the service is paid for be made available to law enforcement. This meta data can be cru-cial in counterterrorism and counterintel-ligence investigations. The FOP believes the amendment merely clarifies the existing statute and does not give law enforcement any new authorities or access to data pre-viously unavailable to them. In fact, the re-cent resistance to such requests was de-scribed to the Committee on the Judiciary as ‘‘essentially a typo’’ and the amendment bet-ter defines Congressional intent with respect to ‘‘telephone toll and transactional records.’’ I urge you and the Members of the United States Senate to support S. Amdt. 4787 to en-sure the timeliness and effectiveness of our nation’s counterterror and counterintel-ligence operations. Our nation’s security and defense should not be held hostage or inves-tigations jeopardized because of a ‘‘typo.’’ Thank you as always for your consider-ation of the views of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police. If I can provide any additional information on this or any other issue, please do not hesi-tate to contact me or Executive Director Jim Pasco in my Washington, D.C. office. Sincerely, C
HUCK CANTERBURY , National President. FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION , A
GENTS ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, June 8, 2016. Re: Electronic Communication Trans-actional Records. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Senate Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on the Ju-diciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER LEAHY : On behalf of the FBI Agents Association (‘‘FBIAA’’), a voluntary profes-sional association currently representing over 13,000 active duty and retired FBI Spe-cial Agents, I write to express our support for addressing issues related to Electronic Communication Transactional Records (‘‘ECTRs’’) during the Senate Judiciary Committee’s consideration of S. 356, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act Amendments Act of 2015. The relevant amendment, referred to as the ‘‘ECTR Fix,’’ would be wholly consistent with the effort to update electronic privacy laws, and would help the FBI more effectively investigate and thwart terrorist plots. Notwithstanding the well-funded efforts by technology companies and activists to mis-represent the ECTR Fix, the truth is that clarifying the language of §2709 would strike a familiar and effective balance between pri-vacy and security. ECTRs provide informa-tion abut the IP addresses, routing, and ses-sions times for electronic communications, and electronic service providers have com-plied with FBI requests for ECTRs pursuant to §2709 for years. This cooperation furthered the protection of the public, as ECTRs are used to identify patterns of communications in the course of national security and ter-rorism investigations. At the same time, ac-cess to ECTRs does not represent a threat to the privacy identify patterns of communica-tions in the course of national security and terrorism investigations. At the same time, access to ECTRs does not represent a threat to the privacy of Americans because the FBI can only request ECTRs for a limited scope of investigations, and because ECTRs do not include detailed information about the spe-cific web pages visited by internet users or the content of web pages or electronic com-munications. Despite these facts, and as a part of their privacy-focused marketing strategies, tech-nology companies recently began refusing to cooperate with the FBI on ECTR requests, and have pointed to statutory ambiguity as a justification for their actions. This choice has undermined national security and counterterrorism investigations, and neces-sitates Congressional action. Given the importance of protecting the public from terrorist threats, we support an amendment to include the ECTR Fix in S. 356, as well as the efforts to address the issue through other legislative vehicles. We hope that Congress will make these reasonable and common-sense changes in a timely man-ner. If you have any questions, please contact me at rtariche@fbiaa.org or 703–247–2173, or FBIAA General Counsel Dee Martin, dee.martin@bracewelllaw.com, and Joshua Zive, joshua.zive@bracewelllaw.com. Sincerely, R
EYNALDO TARICHE , President. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I will go on. The Federal Bureau of Investigation Agents Association says that it is a voluntary professional association cur-rently representing over 13,000 active- duty and retired FBI special agents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.001 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4389 June 21, 2016 
Here are 13,000 FBI agents, active and retired, who believe this amendment is essential for them to be able to do their job and protect America. By the way—hello—we just had an attack in Orlando where 49 Americans were slaughtered, and we are arguing whether we should allow the FBI to find out not the information in elec-tronic communications, but just find out about electronic communications. That is what this is about. I will quote from the 13,000 active- duty and retired FBI special agents: 
I write to express our support for address-ing issues related to Electronic Communica-tion Transactional Records (‘‘ECTRs’’). . . . The relevant amendment, referred to as the ‘‘ECTR Fix,’’ would be wholly consistent with the effort to update electronic privacy laws, and would help the FBI more effec-tively investigate and thwart terrorist plots. 
After Orlando, do we want to help the FBI more effectively investigate and thwart terrorist plots or do we want to restrict their ability to do so? Is that what the Senator from Oregon wants? I don’t think so. 
Notwithstanding the well-funded efforts by technology companies and activists to mis-represent the ECTR Fix, the truth is that clarifying the language [of subsection 2709] would strike a familiar and effective balance between privacy and security. ECTRs pro-vide information about the IP addresses, routing, and sessions times for electronic communications, and electronic service pro-viders have complied with FBI requests . . . for years. . . . Given the importance of pro-tecting the public from terrorist threats, we support an amendment to include the ECTR Fix . . . as well as the efforts to address the issue through other legislative vehicles. We hope that Congress will make these reason-able and common-sense changes in a timely manner. 
It is signed by Reynaldo Tariche, the president of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation Agents Association. So we have a choice here. We have a choice here. We have those who are so worried about privacy and those whose job and whose solemn duty is to pro-tect this Nation—Federal law enforce-ment officers, the FBI, 13,000 of the FBI agents, and then, of course, we have those who are under assault on a daily basis—our police. This is a letter from the Fraternal Order of Police ‘‘writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise you of our support’’ for this amendment which will be offered. ‘‘The amendment will provide Federal law enforcement with the tools they need to investigate and prevent ter-rorist attacks.’’ It isn’t any more com-plicated than that. My remarks probably will be a little longer. The Fraternal Order of Police has it right. This will provide an ability to prevent and counter further terrorist attacks. How many attacks do we need? I would ask my colleagues who are op-posed to this simple amendment, how many attacks? Another San Bernardino? Another Orlando? Two or three more attacks before we give the Director of the FBI the tools he says he needs and wants to protect this Na-tion? That is what this is all about. The Fraternal Order of Police goes on to say that ‘‘the amendment would make clear Congressional intent that such requests do not allow access to any content but that name, email, Internet Protocol (IP) and physical ad-dresses, telephone/instrument number, account number, login history, length and type of service as well as the means by which the service is paid for be made available to law enforce-ment.’’ The Senator from Oregon, if I got his remarks right, says: Well, there has been corruption of it. There has been abuse. There has been misapplication. One of our jobs is oversight, if that is happening. But I also would say that is a damning indictment of these men and women who are putting their lives on the line every single day and are beg-ging for this tool to defend this Nation. The Fraternal Order of Police says: I urge you and the Members of the United States Senate to support [the amendment] to ensure the timeliness and effectiveness of our nation’s counterterror and counterintel-ligence operations. Our nation’s security and defense should not be held hostage or inves-tigations jeopardized because of a ‘‘typo.’’ Thank you as always for your consider-ation of the views of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police. 
These are the views of more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police. I think maybe we ought to listen to the will of 330,000 men and women who are out there every day de-fending this Nation. Maybe we ought to listen to them. Maybe they are the ones whose lives are in danger. They are the ones who are the first targets of the terrorists. Maybe we ought to listen to their views rather than some misguided view that somehow this in-vades our privacy, to find out simply whether an address has been used and for how long—not content. If content is involved, that requires going to the FISA Court. Last week the Director of the CIA ap-peared before a rare open session of the Senate Intelligence Committee to de-liver a stern warning to the American people: ISIL has built a global appa-ratus with the intent to plot and incite attacks against the West. He explained that despite our 2-year air campaign in Iraq and Syria and despite our efforts to build and fight with local forces and despite the best work of our special op-erators, ISIL and other terrorist groups continue to evolve and plan to kill innocent Americans who reject their hateful ideology. That is the warning of the Director of the CIA. The CIA’s warning obvi-ously comes after the attack. It is re-markable. The CIA’s notice about ISIL’s continued strength followed years of warnings by the Director of the FBI and others in law enforcement who have explained to policymakers time and time again that the use of ad-vanced technologies by our enemies is making it increasingly difficult for law enforcement to uncover and stop at-tacks. That is their view. We give these people the responsi-bility to defend this Nation, particu-larly against these attacks, and they are telling us they can’t adequately de-fend against these attacks because of a provision we have that they can’t even look at the fact that a site was used. By the way, if the Senator from Or-egon and others believe this is an inva-sion of privacy, then why don’t they propose an amendment that telephone and financial records should also be in that same category? Of course, that has the problem of being consistent. The law allows the FBI to request telephone billing information, finan-cial transaction records, but terrorists don’t radicalize by phone and they don’t listen to ISIL propaganda through financial transactions. They radicalize through the Internet. I re-peat: They radicalize through the Internet. So if they are radicalizing through the Internet, shouldn’t we gain as much possible information as we can by monitoring their use of the Inter-net? Reports indicate that in 2013 the Or-lando terrorist was removed from a ter-rorist watch list because there was in-sufficient information showing he was radicalized and therefore a threat. Per-haps—and I emphasize ‘‘perhaps’’—if the FBI had more effective authorities that would allow them to more easily determine Internet activity of those suspected of radicalization, he would have remained, perhaps, on the watch list. Currently, the FBI can only re-ceive electronic transactional records information by going through the FISA Court process, which is a time-inten-sive court process that often takes over a month. With the thousands of poten-tially radicalized individuals already in the United States, we need to make it easier, not harder, for the FBI to re-ceive the critical evidence they need so they can focus their investigations. Let me state again clearly for the benefit of my colleagues what this pro-vision does not do. It does not allow the FBI to see the content of emails or conversations in Internet chat rooms. As I said before, this provision is nar-rowly drawn and carefully limited. The administration, Congress, and national security experts from both sides of the aisle have spoken repeat-edly about taking on ISIL’s Internet radicalism. This provision, according to the Director of the FBI, is a most important tool to give the FBI valu-able data points to do just that. We face a threat from individuals who have been radicalized by the words, actions, and ideology of ter-rorist groups. These individuals may act alone, without clear direction from terrorist groups, but they fulfill the in-tent and desire of these groups. We must ensure that our law enforce-ment authorities keep pace with the tactics and methods of our adversaries. If our adversaries seek to attack us by inciting lone-wolf violence, we have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.026 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4390 June 21, 2016 
make sure law enforcement has the au-thorities they need to investigate and, we hope, stop those attacks. Our intelligence and law enforcement officers are the best in the world, but as terrorist networks grow and metas-tasize around the world, we ask them to bear an increasingly difficult—some even say impossible—burden. We ask them to uncover threats by individuals who are hidden among millions of law- abiding citizens. We ask them to deter-mine which of us has been inspired by evil to do harm to our fellow citizens, and we ask that they do this difficult task with little or no impact on any-one’s privacy. We have to recognize this threat for what it is. As our enemy evolves, so, too, we must evolve and strengthen our coun-terterrorism tools and authorities. Let’s stop tying the hands of those who wish only to keep us safe and on many occasions are ready to make them-selves unsafe in order to protect our fellow citizens. I guess my colleagues are presented with a choice. As the Senator from Or-egon, with great skill and oratorical tools, will talk about rights of privacy, will talk about constitutional protec-tions, all of those things—this is sim-ple. This is a simple amendment. It has nothing to do with going into these sites and finding out information. That requires going to court. All it does is tell the FBI, whose Di-rector has pled for this capability— does anyone assume the Director of the FBI wants to act in an unconstitu-tional fashion? Of course not. But you must accept the fact that it is his re-sponsibility to protect the Nation and, therefore, when he asks for the tools to protect this Nation, then maybe we ought to pay attention and give them to him. I know of no one who is an ob-jective observer who believes it would be unconstitutional to adopt this amendment. I don’t know about abuses in the past that the Senator from Oregon says have taken place. I know abuses have taken place in the past on almost any aspect of American life. But I also know that when you have all of our po-lice—330,000 of them, representing them—13,000 in the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal law enforcement agencies from all over America—the list is incredibly long—all asking for the ability to defend this Nation, by God, I think we should give it to them. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, the sen-ior Senator from Arizona—whom, as I mentioned, I have worked with often— has said, in effect, if you oppose his amendment, you are interested in pri-vacy. The reality is, my interest is in pri-vacy and security. I believe it is pos-sible to have both, and I want to ex-plain how that is the case. Something I worked on for a long time, the USA FREEDOM Act, we in-cluded section 102. Section 102 very ex-plicitly said that if the government—if the FBI, in a situation like Orlando or San Bernardino, for example—if the government believed it needed infor-mation immediately—immediately— the government could get the informa-tion and then go back to the court after the fact. In effect, after the gov-ernment had been able to get the infor-mation of its own volition, settle up immediately so as to protect the Amer-ican people. This debate is about are we going to have policies that advance both our se-curity and our liberty. I have felt very strongly—I see my seatmate, the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Ap-propriations Committee. We sit next to each other on the Intelligence Com-mittee. We talk about these issues very often. As part of the USA FREEDOM Act, I pushed very hard to make sure the government had those emergency authorities. This is a dangerous time. Nobody dis-putes that. If you have been on the In-telligence Committee, as Senator M
I-
KULSKI and I have been for so many years, that is not in question. This is a dangerous time. No. 1, the question is, Are we going to have both security and liberty? In my view, that is where the amendment from the senior Senator from Arizona comes up short. No. 2, the Senator from Arizona has said the problem he seeks to correct was just a typo, kind of a clerical error—not even close. The debate back in 1993—we have the record, the House, the Senate, the FBI. It was very carefully crafted in a way to ensure that there would not be abuse in the digital area. When you look at that specifically, that is very clear. This was not a typo. This was carefully crafted—House, Senate, FBI—in 1993. When my friend from Arizona says it was a typo—not even close. I hope col-leagues will avail themselves of our offer to look at the record. Right now, nobody from the govern-ment, the FBI, has said, if it had the power the Senator from Arizona seeks to give the government—nobody in the intelligence field or in the government said it would have prevented Orlando. The fact is, the government has the authority, the emergency authority, and it was something I pushed very hard for. It was right at the core of my belief that we ought to be pushing for both security and liberty at a dan-gerous time and that the two are not mutually exclusive. So we added to the USA FREEDOM Act that emergency authority for the government. It is also true, the administration of George W. Bush specifically rejected the idea the Senator from Arizona is calling for. They specifically said this has created problems. There have been four separate inspector general anal-yses that support that. As we continue this discussion, I hope colleagues will see that we ought to keep the focus on both security and liberty. That is why the emergency au-thorities we got in the USA FREEDOM Act are so important. They are intact. They can be used for any situation— Orlando, San Bernardino, any other— that the government, the FBI, feels the security and safety of the American people are at stake. With respect to the lone-wolf provi-sion, which I heard my colleague men-tion, we reauthorized that for 4 years in the USA FREEDOM Act. I supported that as well. I just hope colleagues will think through the implications of the amend-ment from the Senator from Arizona because under what he is talking about, a national security letter, what is called an NSL, can be issued by any FBI field office to demand records from a company without going to a judge. To support this, in effect, you basically are saying you don’t support oversight, you don’t support court oversight, be-cause we have given the court and the government the ability to move quick-ly. I hope tomorrow we don’t conclude that the FBI ought to be able to de-mand email records, text message logs, Web-browsing history, and certain types of information without court oversight. The Senator from Arizona said: Well, you are not going to get all the content of those emails. That is true, but the fact is, in a lot of instances, when you know who emailed whom, you know a whole lot about that person. If somebody emailed the psychiatrist four times in 48 hours, you know a whole lot about the person. You don’t have to see all of the content of the emails. Colleagues, we will discuss this some more, but I hope Senators will see this is about ensuring there is both security and liberty. The government has not said or intimated that if they had the power the Senator from Arizona seeks to put back—that the Bush administra-tion rejected—the government has not said or intimated this would have pre-vented the horrific tragedy in Orlando. I hope my colleagues will oppose the McCain amendment tomorrow. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, we have heard a spirited debate between two distinguished Senators, two distin-guished Americans, who are very pas-sionate about defending America, and I know there will be more debate on this. The Senator from Arizona and those who cosponsor his amendment want to add more authority to the FBI. I rise to say that in the next day, when there is an opportunity to offer another amendment, I will be offering another amendment to give the FBI more money to do the job with the au-thority it does have. Working on a bi-partisan basis, the distinguished Sen-ator from Alabama and I tried to produce a very good bill to fund the Justice Department, one of which is the FBI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.027 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4391 June 21, 2016 
We did do a good job, there is no doubt about it, but we operated within the budget caps. Within that, we did the best we could, but there is no doubt that the FBI could use more resources to be able to enhance its counterterror-ism efforts and also increase its sur-veillance by tracking the terrorist threats. So when the opportunity arises, I will be offering an amendment that gives more money to the FBI, that also gives more money—working with the Senator from Wisconsin, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN—to deal with hate crimes, one of the other significant issues here. Also, while we are talking about, again, the more authority issue, this amendment would include a section by Senator L
EAHY , the vice chair of the Judiciary Committee, that would have tough penalties for those who knowingly transfer or receive a firearm or know or have reasonable cause to believe it will be used to commit a crime of ter-rorism, violence, or drug trafficking. It will reduce the threat. We can debate all we want about more authority for the FBI. I think it is a good debate, the tension between security and civil liberties. The distin-guished Presiding Officer is also a member—an active, diligent member— of the Intelligence Committee. These are not easy issues, but my amendment should be an easy issue. My amendment would add $175 million dedicated to the FBI’s counterterror-ism efforts that would raise funding for the FBI above what the House sug-gested. It would strengthen the FBI’s counterterrorism workforce. The FBI would be able to restore—remember, not add—restore more than 350 posi-tions, including 225 special agents for critical FBI investigations related to counterterrorism and counterintel-ligence. It would also give the FBI new tools to be able to go where these bad guys have access to new technology and new ways of avoiding detection. The number of terrorism threats dis-rupted by the FBI grew from 214 in fis-cal year 2014 to 440 in fiscal year 2015. In one fiscal year, it actually doubled. As the threat goes, the FBI needs in-creased resources to hire and sustain the agents and intelligence analysts who interrupt these plots. Again, while we are talking more au-thority—and that debate will go on—I am saying, if you are going to give them more authority, and whether you are giving them more authority, the FBI is stretched thin. We did the best we could under the budget caps, but my amendment would be emergency funding. We don’t look for offsets in order to take from one important Department of Justice func-tion to give to the FBI or take from other Federal law enforcement to give to the FBI, or take from local law en-forcement to give to the FBI. And it would be a tremendous boost. It would also boost the FBI’s surveil-lance capabilities and add critical per-sonnel, including special agents. Addi-tional funds would be provided for 36 new positions, 18 fully dedicated to tracking terrorist threats, and it would certainly help to gather evidence on high, high priority targets. Again, while we are working at more authority, please, regardless of where you are on the lone-wolf debate, the Mikulski amendment offers the oppor-tunity to add more funding. Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague yield for a question? Ms. MIKULSKI. Certainly, to the Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. I appreciate my col-league yielding, and I am a very, very strong supporter of her amendment be-cause I think the idea of adding more resources is absolutely essential. As I look at these cases—and she and I have talked about this on the Select Committee on Intelligence—we know that the workforce is aging in the in-telligence community. We are going to need more dollars for the personnel we are going to need and certainly a lot of resources in a variety of areas. Is that my colleague’s intention, to make sure we get the resources to, in effect, get out in front of these upcoming threats? Ms. MIKULSKI. The Senator has identified my rationale and its actual underpinnings in a most accurate and precise way. You see, I am from the school of thought—along with, I know, the rank-ing member of the Committee on Armed Services, also a member of the Committee on Appropriations—that the defense of the Nation and the pro-tection of its people doesn’t rely only on the Department of Defense. There are also other muscular ways of pro-tecting it, some of which are, first of all, response and surveillance and so on in existing, constitutionally allowed authorities and giving more money to the FBI to operate under the law as we have currently defined it. But you know what, we need to do prevention. Prevention really comes from the kind of intervention that would occur with the State Depart-ment—again, a tool of diplomacy. And what they have is a whole effort under-way to deal with the recruitment and radicalization of Islamic jihadist ter-rorists on the Internet. Well, we have to support that. When they were going for more money for defense, we made that argument. But I am not going to relitigate old arguments. We have before us Orlando. We have before us those who want to curtail the terrorist threat. I want to curtail that terrorist threat. And some of the ways I want to do it are, No. 1, add more money for the FBI; No. 2, join with our colleague from Wisconsin, Senator T
AMMY BALDWIN , in adding more money to deal with hate crimes—hate crimes—because often those are the aegis and the incubator and so on of fu-ture violence; and the other is to close the loophole to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, violent criminals, and traffickers that our distinguished ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee mentioned. Mr. WYDEN. If my colleague will continue to yield, just briefly, what my colleague has stated—and I strongly agree with—is that she is trying to as-sure that the resources are there for the future. I am not going to drag my colleague into the earlier discussion, but what I am concerned about, and have been, is that the Senator from Arizona is reliti-gating the past. In effect, when the Bush administration took away the power because it was too intrusive, he wanted to go back to it. But apropos of my colleague, isn’t that the heart of her case—that she is looking to the future—FBI resources, resources to deal with hate crimes, re-sources to deal with prevention? It seems to me she is trying to lay out a plan for the future. Ms. MIKULSKI. The Senator from Oregon is absolutely correct. This would be funding that would begin Oc-tober 1. Given no cute tricks around shutdown and slam-down politics as we go into the fall—that we could actually move our appropriations—this would provide money starting October 1 with these additional resources to help the FBI be more effective than what it is, and also to help our Justice Depart-ment be even more effective than what it is in fighting hate crimes. I will be discussing my amendment in even more detail, but I know there are other colleagues on the floor, and I now yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2328 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I have come to the floor once again, as I have time and again, with a simple message. For Puerto Rico, time is of the essence. For the 3
1⁄2million United States citizens who live there, time is of the essence, but getting it right is also of the essence. There are only 8 business days left until Puerto Rico defaults on approxi-mately $2 billion in debt. Congress needs to act immediately to prevent this fiscal crisis from becoming a full- blown humanitarian catastrophe. And while the House has attempted to ad-dress this issue by passing a legislative proposal called PROMESA—‘‘promesa’’ in Spanish means ‘‘promise’’—it lacks the promise that really would help 3
1⁄2 million U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico. There are Members on both sides of the aisle who believe the bill is fun-damentally flawed. So instead of sim-ply rubberstamping an inferior solu-tion, the Senate needs to follow the Founding Fathers’ intent and thor-oughly debate this critical issue, which will have such a profound impact on so many Americans. I would note that calls for a thorough debate on the Sen-ate floor are bipartisan in nature, and I thank my colleague Senator W
ICKER  for joining me in a letter to the leader-ship asking for a full and open process to consider this bill. I would remind my colleagues that each one of us was elected to this very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.029 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4392 June 21, 2016 
Chamber to debate and enact legisla-tion to improve the lives of Americans. But I fear that, instead of a robust de-bate and thoughtful consideration of amendments to improve this bill, those who wish to see the House bill signed into law as drafted are going to delay and delay and delay until the last pos-sible minute. Just as they did today, they are going to prevent us from de-bating this until next week, and then they will tell us it is too late to make any improvements to this bill. As a matter of fact, every article I have read suggests that is exactly the tactic which is being pursued. I come to the floor because it is not a new or novel tactic to quell dissent with the threat of a deadline, but just because it has been done before doesn’t make it right. How can we as Senators shirk our responsibility when the peo-ple of Puerto Rico are at the edge of an abyss? They need our help, and they need it today. The bill will affect a generation of Puerto Ricans, and we owe it to them and their brothers and sisters who live in our States—half a million in my State of New Jersey, 5 million throughout the country—to get this right. Let me once again remind every one of my colleagues how deeply flawed this legislation is. First, the fate of 3
1⁄2 million American citizens will be de-termined by 7 unelected, unaccount-able members of a so-called oversight board that will act as a virtual oligar-chy and impose their unchecked will on the 3
1⁄2million U.S. citizens on the is-land of Puerto Rico. As the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office states: 
The board would have broad sovereign pow-ers— 
Sovereign words have meaning— 
to effectively overrule decisions by Puerto Rico’s legislature, governor and other public authorities. . . . [It] can effectively nullify any new laws or policies— 
Any new law or policy— 
adopted by Puerto Rico that did not conform to requirements specified in this bill. 
So the elected representatives of the 3
1⁄2million U.S. citizens on the island of Puerto Rico just don’t get listened to. They can have their decisions over-ruled by a nonelected board, for which there is no guarantee there will be any representation by those who are elect-ed to recommend to this board anyone to be placed on it. Even the bill’s own author noted in the Interior Committee’s report: 
The Oversight Board may impose manda-tory cuts on Puerto Rico’s government and instrumentalities— 
Mandatory cuts— 
a power far beyond that exercised by the Control Board established for the District of Columbia. 
If the board, in its sole discretion— and those words have enormous mean-ing. If my colleagues take the time to read the bill, as I have twice, fully, from the beginning to the end, 29 times the bill says that the board, in its sole discretion—not the Congress’s discre-tion, not the bankruptcy court, not the Legislature of Puerto Rico, not the Governor of Puerto Rico—no, the board, in its own sole discretion—29 times. If the board uses the superpower this bill allows it to have to close more schools, shutter more hospitals, cut senior citizens’ pensions to the bone; if it decides to hold a fire sale and put Puerto Rico’s natural wonders on the auction block to the highest bidder; if it puts balanced budgets ahead of the health, safety, and well-being of chil-dren and families—similar to how the control board travesty unfolded in Flint, MI—without their voices rep-resented on the control board, there is nothing—nothing—the people of Puerto Rico will be able to do. Think about this. How many in this legislative body would allow such a board to take control over their State, no matter what their economic woes? The people on the island deserve a transparent oversight board where their voices and concerns are heard, not muted, and where the deals made with creditors are in the best interests of the people, not just hedge funds. The fact that the Puerto Rican people will have absolutely no say over who is ap-pointed or what action they decide to take is blatant—blatant— neocolonialism. Second, I have said this before and I will say it again: Any solution needs a clear path to restructuring. That is the only reason to do this legislation any-how—to give Puerto Rico a clear path to restructuring in the bankruptcy court under the edicts of the bank-ruptcy law. The unelected control board created in this bill will have the authority to decide whether Puerto Rico’s debts are worthy of restruc-turing. Let’s not fool ourselves into believ-ing it is a sure thing that this bill guarantees the island the ability to re-structure its debts in the first place. Instead, it would take a supermajority of this 7-member board—a 5-to-2 vote— in order for any of the island’s debts to be restructured. What does that mean? It means that three people—a minority of the board—could derail the island’s attempts to achieve sustainable debt payments. Without any authority to restructure its debt, all this legislation will do is take away the democratic rights of 31⁄2million Americans and leave the future to wishful thinking and a prayer the crisis will somehow be resolved. I am afraid we are opening the flood-gates for Puerto Rico to become a lab-oratory for rightwing economic poli-cies. Puerto Rico deserves much more than to be the unwilling host of untest-ed experiments in austerity. I am not advocating to completely remove all oversight power. To the contrary, I support helping Puerto Rico make informed, prudent decisions and put it on the path to economic growth and solvency. But despite its name, the oversight Board envisioned by this bill doesn’t simply oversee. It directs, and it commands. It doesn’t as-sist; it controls. The Senate has an op-portunity to change that situation. We have a chance to improve this bill and strike the right balance. Now, I would like to have the oppor-tunity—and I welcome others as well— to offer a number of targeted, common-sense amendments to restore a proper balance and ensure the people of Puer-to Rico have a say in their future. By the way, since they are going to have to live with the tough consequences that are coming, no matter what, it is always better when stakeholders are engaged in the process and have a say about their future. This tempers the powers of the control board and gives the people of Puerto Rico more of a say in who is on the board. I encourage my colleagues to do the same—to offer amendments they feel will improve the bill. I know, as all of us know, that success is never guaranteed, but at the very least, the people of Puerto Rico deserve a thorough and thoughtful de-bate on the Senate floor. I do not take lightly, nor should my colleagues, a decision to infringe upon the democratic rights of the people of Puerto Rico. The 3.5 million American citizens living in Puerto Rico, and 5 million family members living in our States and in our districts—in New Jersey, New York, Florida, Pennsyl-vania, Ohio, and Connecticut, just to name a few—deserve more than the Senate’s holding its nose to approve an inferior solution. So I hope the majority leader stands true to his word when he said we ‘‘need to open up the legislative process in a way that allows more amendments from both sides’’—well, both sides are calling for amendments to this bill— and allows us to call this bill up for de-bate so we can do what we were elected to do—fix problems and make the lives of the American people better—and do what the Senate, as an institution, should do, particularly as viewed by the Founding Fathers; that is, to take the passions of the moment, to think about it, morally and logically, and at the end of the day hopefully to refine and make proposals much better. There is no reason that this has to wait until next week, on the verge of the Fourth of July recess. But I will say this. I want to give my colleagues notice now that I am not ready to rush to celebrate independence and create a situation of colonialism for 3.5 million of my fellow citizens. I hope we will get an early opportunity to debate this bill, offer amendments, and we will see how it falls then. Mr. President, in view of that desire, I ask unanimous consent to lay before the Senate the House message on S. 2328; that the motion to concur with an amendment be considered made and agreed to with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The majority whip. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.031 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4393 June 21, 2016 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I would say to our friend from New Jersey that it is the plan, publicly announced by the majority leader, to bring this legisla-tion that was passed by the House to the floor of the Senate next week. Ob-viously, we are working on the CJS ap-propriations bill, and our deliberation on that has been delayed by a number of the other amendments and other matters that have been voted on this week. But it has always been the inten-tion of the majority leader to allow Senators to offer amendments, unlike, frankly, when Democrats controlled this Chamber. But I do think it is going to require some cooperation and maybe even some consent agreements to agree to amendments that can be re-solved in time to meet the July 1 dead-line. To me, one of the best arguments in favor of this legislation is that we want to avoid a taxpayer bailout. We want to avoid a taxpayer bailout. This legislation from the House does that. I understand the Senator may have some objections to it and some better ideas in his mind, but we are going to have that opportunity next week. If we want to see what the effect of leftwing fiscal policy is, what we see is the bankruptcy occurring in Puerto Rico now. I think they need to try something else, some fiscal responsi-bility and restraint. Frankly, I worry for the rest of the country that if we don’t do something to get our own fis-cal house in order here in the United States Senate, the rest of the country is going to find itself in dire straits at some point in the not too distant fu-ture. So I would say that we are going to have a chance to have that debate and those votes next week. This is not the time to do it because we have other im-portant work that is pending before the Senate. Nor are the rest of us 99 Sen-ators going to agree to a unanimous consent request to legislation we haven’t even read or had time to con-sider. So under those circumstances, I would be compelled to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I am disappointed but not surprised. I do hope that the remarks of the Senator from Texas that there will be time and opportunity for amendments are real, because every published report I have seen suggests this will be brought up next Thursday on the verge of every-body trying to go on recess. My advo-cacy or my unanimous consent request wasn’t to bring a bill to the floor that isn’t already known. That bill has been out there for some time. It is to create the process to debate and begin to amend the bill—the bill passed by the House of Representatives that has been out there for some time now. So I wasn’t offering a bill of my own vision. It was to create the process. Of course, I respect the importance of the present appropriations bill that we are discussing, but the urgency of the time limit as it relates to the default that can take place in July is not as pressing on that appropriations bill as it is for the people of Puerto Rico. So I think there can be a reasonable op-portunity to move to PROMESA—a false promise, from my view—and a real opportunity to have a debate on it, and more than debate, amendments— amendments to make it better. So I hope that is going to happen. But I want to signal now that if we are jammed on Thursday and it is an up-or- down vote—take it or leave it—that I have every intention of doing whatever I can procedurally to make sure we have amendments on this. As it relates to the question of bank-ruptcy and bailout, we are not bailing anybody out here. That is why we want Puerto Rico to have access to restruc-turing. Restructuring is a provision under the bankruptcy code that you take your debts—whether you are an individual, a company, or, in this case, a government—and you go before the bankruptcy court and you say: Here are all of our debts, and here is our in-come. We want to be able to restruc-ture this in such a way that we can be solvent and at the same time be re-sponsible to those debtors. And they will live with the dictates of the bank-ruptcy court. But this bill doesn’t even guarantee that the bailout my col-league is concerned about doesn’t hap-pen, because it guarantees no absolute road to restructuring. As it relates to leftwing policies, I would just note—as someone who has been an advocate and a voice for the people of Puerto Rico for the 24 years I have been in the Congress, since they have no elected representatives here who have a vote, at the end of the day—that there have been leaders of that government in Puerto Rico, many who have been Republican in nature and others who have been Democrat in nature. The policies that have taken place and that have accrued to this mo-ment are a combination of some bad fiscal policies by leaders on both sides of the aisle but also by policies that treat the 3.5 million U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico inferior to any one of them if they took a flight to any State in the Nation, for which they would have full rights, obligations, and bene-fits. So we have been part of creating the process here, and we have been part when we took away section 936, which was an inducement to the private sec-tor to help build jobs and economic op-portunities. We just took it away. They had provisions to elements of the bank-ruptcy code. Somehow, in the middle of the night, that was taken away from them. So we have treated them like a colony, and now we are worried. As it relates to leftwing policies, let me just say that, if raising incomes of people, if saying to people there should be a minimum wage that can sustain your family and help you realize your hopes and dreams and aspirations, if you are working overtime and you ulti-mately should have some protections that you should be paid overtime—if those are leftwing fiscal policies, then I think most Americans believe that they should get a living minimum wage to be able to sustain their families, help their children be educated, take care of their health care, and think about their retirement. So I don’t think this is about that at all. If we are going to lose a fight for the people of Puerto Rico, it is going to be because we are going to have a fight at least to have amendments and to consider what that future should be. But we are not going to take it that it is an up-or-down vote on a House- passed bill that has no voice of the Senate, no imprint of the Senate. That is not what I got elected to the Senate for. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4787 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, tomor-row we will have a chance to begin to talk about the real cause of what hap-pened that horrible night in Orlando at the Pulse nightclub—that is a home-grown terrorist attack inspired by the poisonous ideology of ISIS, the Islamic State. We will have a chance to revisit the total lack of any coherent plan coming out of the White House to deal with the threat of the Islamic State over in the Middle East and the con-sequences of failing to deal with that here at home. The poisonous fruit of that failure and previous ones is already self-evi-dent: the massacre of American sol-diers at Fort Hood, TX, in 2009 that took the lives of 13 people and an un-born child; a deadly attack on 2 mili-tary facilities in Chattanooga, TN, in 2015 that took the lives of 5 U.S. serv-icemembers; an attempted attack in Garland, TX, about a year ago that— but for a vigilant police officer was thwarted—could have been disastrous; and then, of course, the shooting in San Bernardino where 14 people were killed. Add to that poisonous fruit of the failure to have a coherent policy to deal with the Islamic State and its poi-son, the 2013 Boston Marathon bomb-ing, where 3 persons were killed and many more wounded—not by a gun but by pressure cooker bombs made by the terrorists. Most recently, the worst terrorist attack in our country since 9/ 11 was in Orlando, where a jihadist pledged his allegiance to ISIS and then viciously gunned down 49 people in that Orlando nightclub. It is telling that the Attorney Gen-eral sought to withhold from the Amer-ican people the 911 calls of the Orlando shooter to excise out—to rewrite his-tory—and to diminish the terrorist in-fluences that motivated him in the first place. It is further evidence that the Obama administration fails to see what is plainly right in front of its face when it comes to the threat, and it continues to refuse to deal with it in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.032 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4394 June 21, 2016 
way that would crush ISIS and discour-age people from becoming radicalized because they feel like ISIS is winning. If ISIS were crushed and destroyed, which should be our goal, I don’t be-lieve we would have radicalized Ameri-cans here pledging allegiance to the leader of a crushed or destroyed Is-lamic State. So jihadi terrorism on American soil is not just some one-off, freak occur-rence. It is now an undeniable pattern. How many ISIS-inspired attacks do we need in this country before we start talking about and taking the threat se-riously and begin targeting the evil ideology ISIS is selling? Typically, in an investigation, law enforcement has to work hours on end to answer the question of who did it. But that is not the case with these ex-amples of Islamic extremism. We know who the enemy is. But the Obama ad-ministration has failed to call it for what it is, and the President has failed to offer any strategy to root out and exterminate it. Promises to ‘‘defeat and degrade’’ appear just about as hol-low as the President’s threat of retalia-tory action if redlines were crossed with the use of chemical weapons in Syria. When that happened, there were no consequences. So the result is that ISIS isn’t con-tained, and it is surely not retreating. Don’t take my word for it. The Direc-tor of the Central Intelligence Agency just last week suggested that ISIS would continue to ‘‘intensify its global terror campaign.’’ They are not giving up, and they are not going away. They are doubling down. Like the terrorist in Orlando, ISIS is actively using every tool at its disposal to recruit, train, and radicalize individuals here in America and in other parts of the world. This terrorist army figured out a long time ago that it could accomplish its objectives of inflicting death and destruction on innocent Americans without even having to send its operatives from the Middle East into the United States. All it had to do was to export, not its soldiers, but its ide-ology and poisonous ideas to the United States via the Internet with the propaganda that it uses to, again, poi-son susceptible minds, those who are sympathetic to the cause and willing to swear allegiance to it and carry out the horrific acts like we saw in Or-lando. Over the weekend, the House Home-land Security Committee chairman noted that ISIS and its supporters are posting an estimated 200,000 tweets a day—200,000 separate messages a day on Twitter. How long will it take be-fore the administration recognizes that this propaganda poses a growing na-tional security problem? Once they ac-knowledge it, how much longer will it take them before they do something about it? In fact, we heard from FBI Director Comey that there are open investiga-tions on individuals suspected of being radicalized in all 50 States. I don’t see the administration doing anything at all to effectively counter this terrorist propaganda popping up all over the Internet, turning some susceptible Americans into cold-blooded jihadist killers. We can fight back by equipping our law enforcement personnel with the tools they need to keep us safe. The fact is, you can’t connect the dots un-less you can collect the dots, and that means robust intelligence consistent with our Constitution, including the Fourth Amendment. Too often law enforcement officials have to operate with one hand over their eye or one hand behind their back, however you want to charac-terize it, because they can’t access key information in a timely manner, and because of that they are not able to discern the pendency of an attack or the motivations of somebody who is planning an attack. If they could col-lect the information, maybe—just maybe—they could then go to the FISA Court and get a search warrant. Maybe—just maybe—they could get a wiretap upon the showing of probable cause in court. Those, of course, are consistent with the Fourth Amend-ment protections against unreasonable searches and seizures, and the burden should be on law enforcement to produce probable cause evidence in order to justify collection of the con-tent of those communications. We saw the consequences of our fly-ing blind in Garland, TX, just last year. On the morning of the attempted terrorist attack, the two men who came from Phoenix dressed in body armor with semiautomatic weapons sent more than 100 messages overseas to suspected terrorists, and vice versa, but, unfortunately, FBI Director Comey—at least the last time he testi-fied before the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee—said the FBI still doesn’t have access to that information because of encryption. This means our law en-forcement authorities could be missing critical information that could uncover future terrorist attacks or identify the network of terrorists here so we can stop them before they kill again. The Garland case isn’t unique. The FBI is regularly slowed down by out-dated policies that make their job of protecting the homeland much more difficult—more difficult than it needs to be. We saw that in San Bernardino too. We have to address this gaping hole in our legal authorities and do all we can to give the FBI and our other law enforcement officials the tools they need, and a good place to start would be tomorrow morning by allow-ing the FBI to use national security letters to obtain key information about what suspected terrorists are doing on the Internet and whom they are communicating with online in counterterrorism investigations. This is not for content, as the Presiding Of-ficer knows. This is information about Internet and email addresses, much as national security letters are currently authorized to collect telephone num-bers and financial information. In fact, the FBI Director said the omission of this authority years ago, he believes, was an oversight, but it now provides a gaping vulnerability and has blinded the FBI to information that could well allow them to have detected the inten-tions earlier of jihadists like the one in Orlando. I don’t know for a fact, but I just wonder if the FBI, back when they were vetting the Orlando shooter on two separate occasions because things he said and did put him on the watch list, if they would have been notified immediately when he purchased his firearms. Well, as we now know, the FBI investigations were inconclusive and he was taken off the watch list. I wonder if the FBI had access to a na-tional security letter that would allow them to gain information about the IP addresses he had been visiting from his Internet service provider, along with email addresses—again, not content be-cause you can’t do that without a war-rant issued by the FISA Court and a showing of probable cause—and what he might have been viewing, such as YouTube videos of Anwar al-Awlaki, who was responsible for radicalizing MAJ Nidal Hasan at Fort Hood and others, and the information was suffi-cient enough that the President of the United States authorized the use of a drone in order to kill him on the bat-tlefield so he could not kill other inno-cent Americans—well, you get my point. We need to make sure the FBI has access to all the information they can legally get their hands on, and a good place to start is voting on the McCain-Burr amendment tomorrow so the FBI can obtain information about what they are doing on the Internet and who they are communicating with, and if it is justified, to be able to then go to court and demonstrate probable cause sufficient to actually then look at content in order to prevent terrorist attacks. I want to be clear about one thing. The FBI already has the power to re-view financial records like Western Union transfers and the FBI already has the power to review telephone records. They can access telephone numbers, not the content of the con-versation, again, unless there is further authority issued by a court of law, but because of an inadvertent omission in the law, the FBI can’t readily access the exact kind of information ISIS is using to recruit and radicalize violent extremists lurking in our midst. We have seen how difficult it is to identify these people before they kill. Why in the world wouldn’t we want to make sure we provide all the informa-tion under our constitutional laws that could be available to law enforcement to identify these people before they kill? I introduced a similar proposal to the McCain-Burr amendment a few weeks ago in the Judiciary Committee that would address this and provide access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.034 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4395 June 21, 2016 
to this counterterrorism information. I am glad our colleagues, the senior Sen-ators from Arizona and North Carolina, have now offered this amendment to the underlying legislation. As the Presiding Officer knows, this provision, or one very similar to it, was contained in the Intelligence reauthor-ization bill that had the bipartisan sup-port of everybody on the Intelligence Committee, save one. This is long overdue. It is bipartisan, and I think our failure to act to grant this authority, particularly in the wake of this terrible tragedy in Or-lando, would be inexcusable. This is something the FBI Director, appointed by President Obama, has said he needs. He said this is their No. 1 legislative priority. President Obama’s adminis-tration—beyond just the FBI Direc-tor—supports it. What is stopping us from providing this authority? The truth is, these threats are at our doorstep. ISIS is using every tool it has to spread fear and chaos, and we owe it to those on the frontlines of our coun-terterrorism efforts to get them what they need in order to more effectively counter these terrorists’ efforts. It is our duty to do something about it. Un-like some of the provisions we voted on last night that would do nothing to stop people like the Orlando shooter, this could actually stop them. I am all ears if there are other ideas when it comes to advancing common-sense proposals to fight terrorism at home and make our communities safer, but this is a good place to start. I hope going forward we can do a better job of providing the FBI and law enforcement officials the resources they need to keep us safe. This is within our grasp, and all we need to do is to take advan-tage of this opportunity and have a strong bipartisan vote to adopt the McCain-Burr amendment tomorrow morning. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, after vot-ing down sensible gun measures earlier this week, Republicans want to change the subject. They want to resort to scare tactics to divert the attention of the American people. Now, they are of-fering an overbroad proposal that they argue is needed to keep this country safe. Let’s be clear about what we need to stay safe. We need universal back-ground checks for firearms purchases. We need to give the FBI the authority to deny guns to individuals suspected of terrorism. Senate Republicans re-jected those sensible measures last night, but we still have the chance to give law enforcement real tools to fight terrorism and violent crime. We should strengthen our laws to make it easier to prosecute firearms traffickers and straw purchasers who put guns in the hands of terrorists and criminals. And we need to fund the FBI and the Jus-tice Department so they have the re-sources they need to combat acts of terrorism and hate. Those are the ele-ments of the amendment that Senators M IKULSKI , BALDWIN , NELSON , and I have filed—and those are among the actions that Congress could take to protect this country. Instead Republicans are proposing to reduce independent oversight of FBI surveillance of Americans’ Internet ac-tivities and make permanent a law that, as of last year, had never been used. And I should note that this is the same law that the Republican leader-ship in the Senate allowed to expire just last year. In case there is any confusion, I will state it clearly: The McCain amend-ment would not have prevented the Or-lando attack. The amendment would eliminate the requirement for a court order when the FBI wants to obtain detailed informa-tion about Americans’ Internet activi-ties in national security investiga-tions. This could cover Web sites Amer-icans have visited; extensive informa-tion on who Americans communicate with through email, chat, and text messages; and where and when Ameri-cans log onto the Internet and into so-cial media accounts. Over time, this in-formation would provide highly reveal-ing details about Americans’ personal lives. The government should not be able to obtain this information when-ever it wants by simply issuing a sub-poena. Senator C
ORNYN and others have ar-gued forcefully that we cannot prevent people on the terrorist watch list from obtaining firearms without due process and judicial review. They say we need an independent decisionmaker; yet at the same time, they are proposing to remove judicial approval when the FBI wants to find out what Web sites Amer-icans are visiting. The FBI already has authority to obtain this information— if it obtains a court order under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. In an emergency where there is not time to go to court, the USA FREEDOM Act allows the FBI to obtain this informa-tion before getting judicial approval, so this amendment is unnecessary. This amendment is opposed by major technology companies and privacy groups across the political spectrum, from FreedomWorks to Google to the ACLU. I ask unanimous consent that a letter from nearly 40 organizations and companies opposing this proposal be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-sion of my remarks. The Judiciary Committee also should study this proposal before it proceeds. The Judiciary Committee has not held a hearing to examine whether this ex-pansion of the NSL statute is nec-essary or how it would affect Ameri-cans’ privacy and civil liberties. Rather than trying to distract us from their opposition to commonsense gun measures, Republicans should sup-port actions that will actually help protect us, like those in the amend-ment filed by Senator M
IKULSKI , Sen-ator B
ALDWIN , Senator N ELSON , and myself. They should support emer-gency FBI funding. They should sup-port funding for the civil rights divi-sion to help protect the LGBT commu-nity, the Muslim American commu-nity, and the African-American com-munity from hate crimes and discrimi-nation. And they should support my proposal to make it harder for terror-ists and criminals to evade background checks by turning to firearms traf-fickers and straw purchasers. This is a provision that I have developed with Senator COLLINS and that has been strongly supported by law enforce-ment. As we saw in San Bernardino, terror-ists can acquire assault rifles by sim-ply using a friend to purchase the guns for them; yet prosecuting such individ-uals for firearms trafficking has proven to be an extremely difficult task. My proposal will fix these laws. It will pro-vide law enforcement the tools it needs to deter and prosecute those who traf-fic in firearms, and it will help to close another glaring loophole in our gun laws that allows terrorists and crimi-nals to easily acquire powerful fire-arms. I urge Senators to oppose the McCain amendment and to support these meas-ures that will actually help keep our country safe. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JUNE6, 2016. D
EARSENATOR : The undersigned civil soci-ety organizations, companies, and trade as-sociations strongly oppose an expansion of the National Security Letter (NSL) statute, such as the one that was reportedly included in the Senate’s Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 and the one filed by Senator C
ORNYN as an amendment to the ECPA reform bill. We would oppose any version of these bills that included such a propsal expanding the government’s ability to access private data without a court order. This expansion of the NSL statute has been characterized by some government offi-cials as merely fixing a ‘‘typo’’ in the law. In reality, however, it would dramatically ex-pand the ability of the FBI to get sensitive information about users’ online activities without court oversight. The provision would expand the categories of records, known as Electronic Communication Trans-actional Records (ECTRs), that the FBI can obtain using administrative subpoenas called NSLs, which do not require probable cause. Under these proposals, ECTRs would include a host of online information, such as IP ad-dresses, routing and transmission informa-tion, session data, and more. The new categories of information that could be collected using an NSL—and thus without any oversight from a judge—would paint an incredibly intimate picture of an in-dividual’s life. For example, ECTRs could in-clude a person’s browsing history, email metadata, location information, and the exact date and time a person signs in or out of a particular online account. This informa-tion could reveal details about a person’s po-litical affiliation, medical conditions, reli-gion, substance abuse history, sexual ori-entation, and, in spite of the exclusion of cell tower information in the Cornyn amend-ment, even his or her movements throughout the day. The civil liberties and human rights con-cerns associated with such an expansion are compounded by the government’s history of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.035 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4396 June 21, 2016 
abusing NSL authorities. In the past ten years, the FBI has issued over 300,000 NSLs, a vast majority of which included gag orders that prevented companies from disclosing that they received a request for information. An audit by the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral (IG) at the Department of Justice in 2007 found that the FBI illegally used NSLs to collect information that was not permitted by the NSL statutes. In addition, the IG found that data collected pursuant to NSLs was stored indefinitely, used to gain access to private information in cases that were not relevant to an FBI investigation, and that NSLs were used to conduct bulk collection of tens of thousands of records at a time. Given the sensitive nature of the informa-tion that could be swept up under the pro-posed expansion, and the documented past abuses of the underlying NSL statute, we urge the Senate to remove this provision from the Intelligence Authorization bill and oppose efforts to include such language in the ECPA reform bill, which has never in-cluded the proposed NSL expansion. Sincerely, Access Now, Advocacy for Principled Ac-tion in Government, American Association of Law Libraries, American Civil Liberties Union, American Library Association, Amer-ican-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, Amnesty International USA, Association of Research Libraries, Brennan Center for Jus-tice, Center for Democracy & Technology, Center for Financial Privacy and Human Rights, CompTIA, Computer & Communica-tions Industry Association, Constitutional Alliance, Demand Progress, Electronic Fron-tier Foundation, Engine. Facebook, Fight for the Future, Four-square, Free Press Action Fund, FreedomWorks, Google, Government Ac-countability Project, Human Rights Watch, Institute for Policy Innovation, Internet In-frastructure Coalition/I2Coalition, National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, New America’s Open Technology Institute, OpenTheGovernment.org, R Street, Reform Government Surveillance, Restore the Fourth, Tech Freedom, The Constitution Project, World Privacy Forum, Yahoo. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to continue the discussion as to the tragedy that occurred on June 12 in Orlando, FL. The shooting occurred at a popular LGBT club, Pulse. The club owner, Barbara Poma, lost her brother to the AIDS epidemic. The club was named to remember a pulse that faded from this world far too early. Pulse was not just a place to socialize, it was a refuge and a place of accept-ance and solidarity where members of the Orlando LGBT community could be themselves without judgment. The fact that an attacker would tar-get this venue, especially during Gay Pride Month, is a horrific tragedy and a senseless loss of human life. My deep-est sympathies are with those killed and injured in this terrorist attack, along with their families and loved ones. My thanks go out to the first re-sponders who saved lives in the midst of such danger. This attack, and others like it in re-cent years, tears at our hearts and leaves us angry, frustrated, and con-fused. We, as a nation, must resolve to stop those who wish to do harm to Americans from committing and en-couraging acts of terror. The Orlando shooter apparently sub-scribed to an extreme system of beliefs that led him to carry out this heinous attack. No religion condones or encour-ages such violence and killing. We must reject any ideology that leaves room for discrimination and dehuman-ization to a point where someone can commit these types of acts. No one should ever fear for their life simply for being themselves or expressing who they are as an individual. America’s values of tolerance, compassion, free-dom, and love for thy neighbor must win out over hate, intolerance, homophobia, and xenophobia. The time for talk is over. We, as a nation, as a community, and as an American family, must take actions to change minds, hearts, and, finally, change policies. The attack in Orlando was a terror attack and a hate crime. We can stop others and save lives by taking immediate action. I was disappointed we missed oppor-tunities to do that yesterday with sen-sible gun safety amendments. I cospon-sored the Murphy amendment, which would have created a system of uni-versal background checks for individ-uals trying to buy a gun. The amend-ment would have ensured that all indi-viduals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System and would require a background check for every firearm sale. We know there are loopholes today. Why do we allow those loopholes to continue? It should not matter whether you buy a gun at a local gun store or at a gun show or on the Inter-net, you should have to pass a back-ground check so we can make sure guns are kept out of the hands of peo-ple who should never have one. This amendment would have helped keep guns out of the hands of convicted fel-ons, domestic abusers, and the seri-ously mentally ill, who have no busi-ness buying a gun. Studies have shown that nearly half of all current gun sales are made by private sellers who are exempt from conducting background checks. It makes no sense that felons, fugi-tives, and others who are legally pro-hibited from having a gun can easily use a loophole to buy a gun. Once again, the use of a universal background check will have no impact on the legitimate needs of people who are entitled to have a weapon, but uni-versal background checks could and would help us keep our communities safe by helping us keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and those who have serious mental illness and domes-tic abusers. We need to stop their abil-ity to easily be able to obtain a weap-on. Universal background checks are strongly supported by the American people. Most background checks can be completed very quickly and do not in-convenience a purchaser at all. To my colleagues who have reserva-tions about this legislation, let me cite the Heller decision. In June 2008 the Supreme Court decided the case of Dis-trict of Columbia v. Heller. The Court held that the Second Amendment pro-tects an individual’s right to bear arms rather than a collective right to pos-sess a firearm. The Court also held that the Second Amendment right is not un-limited, and it is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner and for any purpose. Justice Scalia wrote for the Court in that case: Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on the longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the car-rying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of firearms. 
That was Justice Scalia for the Court. Justice Scalia recognized Congress’s right to make sure those who are not qualified to own a firearm do not get that firearm. We have an obligation to make sure that background checks are effective so as to keep out of the hands of criminals and those who have seri-ous mental illness the opportunity to easily be able to obtain a firearm. The legislation pending before us in the Senate is fully consistent with the Heller decision. That amendment would have been fully consistent with the Heller decision and Justice Scalia’s opinion. I know we can protect innocent Americans while still protecting the constitutional rights of legitimate hunters and existing gun owners. We should take that action on behalf of the American people. There was a second amendment I co-sponsored that unfortunately was re-jected yesterday—the Feinstein amendment—that would close the ter-ror gap. If you are not safe enough to fly on an airplane, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. The Feinstein amendment would give the Attorney General the authority to block the sale of guns to known or suspected terror-ists if the Attorney General has reason to believe the weapons would be used in connection with terrorism. The amend-ment would have ensured that anyone who had been subject to a Federal ter-rorism investigation in the past 5 years would have been automatically flagged with the existing background check system for further review by the De-partment of Justice. Note that under this amendment, being included on a terrorist watch list is not by itself a sufficient justification to deny a person the right to buy a firearm. The Attorney General may deny that weapon transfer only if she determines that the purchaser rep-resents a threat to public safety based on a reasonable suspicion that the pur-chaser is engaged or has engaged in conduct related to terrorism. So there is a standard there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.002 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4397 June 21, 2016 
A recent GAO report concluded that approximately 90 percent of individuals who were known or suspected terror-ists were able to pass background gun checks. This amendment would have closed this loophole and would have re-duced the risk of a terrorist being able to legally acquire a firearm. Under current law, individuals who are known or suspected terrorists and do not fall into one of the nine prohib-ited purchaser categories can legally purchase a weapon. While the FBI is notified when individuals on the ter-rorist watch list apply for a back-ground check through the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem, it does not have the authority to block the sale. The Feinstein amendment contains remedial procedures so that individuals get the reason for denial, the right to correct the record, and the right to bring action to challenge the denial. In other words, there is due process in the Feinstein amendment. So I was disappointed that the two amendment chances we had yesterday were not approved by the Senate. I think both would have helped in mak-ing our communities safer. Congress has an obligation to act. As I have indicated before, we need to act. Inaction is not an option. The Presi-dent of the United States has already acted to the extent he is permitted using his Executive authority. Many of our States have acted as well, includ-ing my own State of Maryland, but we need a national law that applies to all 50 States to stop criminals, terrorists, domestic abusers, and others who should not get their hands on a gun from simply driving to a nearby State with less restrictive gun laws and being able to legally acquire a weapon. I encourage my colleagues to con-tinue to work on compromise legisla-tion on the issue of universal back-ground checks and terror watch lists. Congress should also act to ban as-sault-type weapons, which have no le-gitimate civilian use, and we should ban the sale of high-capacity maga-zines which only increase the level of carnage in a mass shooting. The time for action is now. We can-not wait. Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
MINERS PROTECTION ACT  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise today to express the urgent need to take up and pass a piece of legislation which has great meaning for me and my fellow West Virginians and which is important to our Nation’s coal-mining community, and that is the Miners Protection Act. Seventy years ago, in 1946, President Harry Truman secured an agreement committing the Federal Government to protect lifetime health and pension benefits for our Nation’s miners. These men and women earned this care through their tireless and often very dangerous work to produce the coal that has powered our Nation and spurred economic growth for years. Over the course of seven decades, Congress has kept their promise. In 1992, a bipartisan effort in Congress led by my predecessor, Senator Rocke-feller, resulted in the passage of the Coal Act to address the health care needs of orphaned coal miners. Those are miners whose companies are no longer in existence. In 2006, I voted for legislation that built upon the Coal Act and continued the bipartisan congressional tradition, fulfilling our promise to coal miners and their families and retirees and pro-tecting their promised health care ben-efits. In 2012, the bankruptcy of Patriot Coal placed the health care of more than 12,000 retirees and dependents at risk. A temporary solution, which has been going on for a couple of years, has preserved health care for these individ-uals, but that short-term solution is nearing an end. Additional coal industry bank-ruptcies—and I feel like we hear about one a week, and they are major—have threatened health care benefits for more families. If we don’t act now, health care for more than 21,000 miners and families will be lost by the end of this year— just 6 months from now. West Virginians really know what mining has meant to our State and to our Nation, and our miners have de-pended on these benefits. Every day I am reminded of this. Char from Bob White, WV—and Bob White is the name of the little town he lives in—recently wrote to me: We are desperate. Our benefits are about to lapse unless we get this legislation passed. It cannot be ignored again. Many retired min-ers cannot afford to pay for their medica-tions if we lose our health care. 
Kenneth, who lives in Mullens, WV, said: 
It seems more and more that the attack on coal is no longer an industry attack but one that is personal on individuals. 
He went on to ask this question: ‘‘What about folks like me that worked hard their entire life?’’ Recognizing the significance of this problem, I joined with Congressman D
AVID MCKINLEY to introduce legisla-tion in 2013 that addressed both the re-tiree health care and the looming in-solvency of the mine workers’ multi-employer pension bill. Last year, Senator M
ANCHIN and I in-troduced the Miners Protection Act, a very similar bill. This bill demands im-mediate action. We need to follow through with our commitment to all the hard-working West Virginians and other coal miners across this country. In addition to addressing the health care needs of retirees through the same mechanisms supported by Congress in 1993 and 2006, the Miners Protection Act will ensure the solvency of the multiemployer pension plan that pro-vides benefits to almost 90,000 retirees and surviving spouses. More than 27,000 of those—nearly one-third—live in my home State of West Virginia. The Min-ers Protection Act uses unobligated funds authorized by the 2006 AML reau-thorization bill to support existing mine-working health and pension pro-grams. Let’s be clear. Mining retirees do not receive lavish benefits. The average pension payment is only $560 per month. But these funds are vital to our retirees who live on very small fixed incomes. They are a key part of a local economy in West Virginia and other States where these retirees live. If we fail to act, the pension plan will become insolvent, imposing projected liabilities of over $4 billion on the PBGC, known as the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. If we pass the Miners Protection Act, the pension plan will remain in good standing, ben-efiting taxpayers, beneficiaries, and coal communities. In May, the trustees of the UMWA Health and Retirement Funds an-nounced that contributions to the pen-sion fund have dropped by nearly two- thirds from last year’s level. This just shows you how devastated our coal communities are. The continued regulatory assault on the coal industry has hastened this de-cline and threatened the retirement se-curity of our miners. In 2001, the EPA finalized the mercury and air toxins rule for coal plants. Since that time, our Nation has lost more than 40,000 coal jobs, and 1,000 of those workers are West Virginians. Our State’s unem-ployment is among the highest in the country for this very reason. The im-pact of other EPA proposals, like the Clean Power Plan, which has been stayed by the Supreme Court, and the stream protection rule that is cur-rently being finalized, would make the situation even worse in our coal com-munities. As I have said many times before, the negative regulatory impact on coal ex-tends far beyond the tens of thousands of families who are most directly af-fected. A loss of coal severance tax rev-enue has triggered drastic budget prob-lems for our State, which we just got a 1-year solution for, and a lot of our local governments are having to lay off county workers and school workers and schoolteachers. The severe impact on the health care pensions of our miners is another con-sequence of the administration’s War on Coal. Given that Federal policies have played a major role in causing this problem, it is appropriate for the Fed-eral Government to fulfill its commit-ment to retiring miners who will lose their promised benefits unless we act. The Miners Protection Act is criti-cally important to so many people in my State and across this country. We need to keep the promise of lifetime health care for those retired coal min-ers whose companies have gone through bankruptcy, and we need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.038 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4398 June 21, 2016 
make sure our retirees receive the pen-sion benefits they have worked so hard for. The Miners Protection Act is a truly bipartisan effort. It is supported by Democrats and Republicans and Inde-pendents in the Senate. There are 72 cosponsors on the House bill, including 39 Republicans and 33 Democrats. West Virginians understand that this need not be a political football. As Thomas from Shady Spring, WV, put it, ‘‘This issue is not partisan; this is an easy fix to funding promised pen-sions.’’ It is important this bill be enacted this year before the temporary solution expires and ends the health care bene-fits for so many retirees and before the continued downturn takes an even greater toll on the pension fund. I will continue to work with my col-leagues in the West Virginia delega-tion, including Senator M
ANCHIN , Con-gressman M
CKINLEY , Congressman M
OONEY , and Congressman J ENKINS , and all of the other cosponsors of this legislation, to see it become law before it is too late. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, first of all, I thank my colleague, Senator C
AP-
ITO. We come from the same State, and we have known each other for a long time, and we basically represent the same people, who have given so much to this country. I want to thank her. This is truly bipartisan, and that is how it should be in this body. When you have something causing the people in your State and in the country to be hurting, you don’t worry about the pol-itics. Democrat or Republican, you reach across the aisle and do the right thing. I thank her so much. Everything she said is absolutely correct. This thing goes clear back to 1946 under President Harry Truman. At that point in time, John L. Lewis basically was going on strike for the MWA. Every miner back in the 1940s belonged to the United Mine Workers. This Miners Protection Act basically fulfills the promise that a President of the United States made by Executive order. And what we have asked for now is to fix this. We have a pathway forward. Demo-crats and Republicans on both sides of the aisle, as Senator C
APITO has said, have stepped forward, and I am so ap-preciative of that. If we don’t do some-thing quickly—by the end of this year—they will lose their health care, and in another year or two they are going to lose their pensions. We are mostly talking about widows. Most of their husbands have passed away from black lung disease or other causes. These are widows who don’t have much to begin with. These are sti-pends that assist with their medical and health care. This is something that should have been done a long time ago, but we are taking it right down to the end of the wire. That is what we are concerned about. We have asked everybody to look at the bill. We have found pay-fors. Here is a really good pay-for. The 1974 fund was solid until the collapse of 2008. The collapse didn’t happen be-cause the MWA did something wrong with the miners’ pensions. It happened because of Wall Street. Guess what. We have a $5 billion fine on Goldman Sachs. We said: Let’s take $3.5 billion of it. That is what caused the problem; that is a pay-for. We are also using abandoned mine land money excess— not any of the mitigation we are re-sponsible for. Senator CAPITO has laid this out to the point, and we have worked to-gether. Both of our staffs have worked closely together on this. This is the way things should have been done. We hope that all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle will encourage the leadership to take a position on this and put it up for a vote. We think it will pass. We know that it will pass if it gets its day in court. This is the body that will make it happen. I think on the House side they will do the same thing. With that, I thank Senator C
APITO  again for the hard work she has done. It is a pleasure working with her, and we will show that bipartisanship is alive and well in West Virginia and should be alive and well in the United States of America. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ENDING U .S. AID FOR PALESTINIAN ACTS OF  
TERRORISM  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, ter-rorist violence against civilians in Israel has been accelerating in recent years amounting to what is now called the silent intifada, the term meaning ‘‘violent uprising.’’ Perhaps it is called silent because we are not paying enough attention to the atrocities that are currently taking place in Israel. The first intifada lasted from Decem-ber 1987 to 1993, the second, from 2000 to 2005. This third uprising, the so-called silent intifada, began in Jerusalem in 2014. Last year, the latest intifada was characterized with a new name, ‘‘knife intifada.’’ Earlier, we witnessed media accounts of Palestinian terrorists slaughtering Israelis and others, in-cluding American citizens, by blowing up restaurants or schoolbuses or using automatic weapons. Breaking news on CNN or FOX, or whatever we were watching, showed us the scenes of body parts, pools of blood in the streets, am-bulances, with sirens screaming, rush-ing to the nearest hospital or aid sta-tion with mutilated and badly injured victims of these attacks. Lately, though, the weapons of choice seem to be increasingly the knife. Apparently, in some ways, the Palestinians think the direct face-to-face bloody slaughter of a teenager or a grandmother by a knife-wielding thug makes it even more personal and horrifying. Ameri-cans may know, through recent media reports, about this wave of violence in-jecting new poison into the region, but I think what most don’t know is that American taxpayers are supporting this with their tax dollars. Let me re-peat that. While we may be aware of some of what is going on in Israel through this knife intifada, through the continued horrors and the murders that are tak-ing place, what Americans don’t seem to know—in fact, what many of us have now learned—is that their tax dollars are supporting this effort. Since 1998, the Palestinian Authority has been en-couraging such attacks by honoring and supporting Palestinian terrorists serving criminal sentences in Israeli prisons and rewarding the families of those who were martyred by their own violent acts. Since then, the system of payments has been formalized and expanded by President Abbas in Presidential direc-tives. Palestinian terrorist prisoners are regarded by the Palestinian Au-thority as patriotic martyrs, fighters, heroes, and actually as employees of the Government of the Palestinian Au-thority. While in prison for their crimes, they and their families are paid premium salaries and given extra bene-fits as rewards for their service—their service being a criminal act, an as-sault, and even a murder. It is inter-esting that they use that word. Under release from custody, the terrorists then become civil service employees. Shockingly, monthly salaries for both incarcerated and released prisoners are on a sliding scale, depending on the se-verity of the crime and the length of the prison sentence. Thus, the more heinous the crime, carrying a longer sentence, enables the criminal or his family to receive a much higher pre-mium salary. For example, a prisoner with a 5-year sentence or his family re-ceives about $500 a month; whereas, a more serious criminal serving a 25-year sentence will receive $2,500 a month— six times the average income of the av-erage Palestinian worker. Where else in the world does a prisoner receive such benefits that actually increase with the severity and violence of the crime? In May 2014, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas issued a Presidential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.039 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4399 June 21, 2016 
decree that moved this payment sys-tem from the PA, Palestinian Author-ity, to the PLO, the Palestine Libera-tion Organization. The openly ac-knowledged reason for this shift was to sidestep the increasingly critical scru-tiny of this payment system by foreign governments—including the United States—which are contributing much of the money that is keeping the Pales-tinian Authority afloat. In 2014, I, along with Senators G
RA-
HAM and K IRK, cosponsored an amend-ment to the fiscal year 2015 appropria-tions bill providing for the reduction of budgetary support for the PA by an amount the Secretary of State deter-mines is equivalent to the amount ex-pended by the PA as payments for acts of terrorism by individuals who are im-prisoned after being fairly tried and convicted for acts of terrorism and by individuals who died committing acts of terrorism during the previous cal-endar year. That is something Senator K
IRK, Senator G RAHAM , and I worked on to try to address this issue. Subse-quent annual appropriations legisla-tion continues now to include this pro-vision. Once that prohibition was en-acted and became law, PA President Abbas formally ended the program and transferred that support function to the PLO, by transferring to the PLO the exact amount that had been budg-eted by the Palestinian Authority ac-counts for this prisoner support pur-pose; in other words, nothing but a shell game. Oh, we are getting a lot of criticism about providing support to these so-called martyrs, these crimi-nals who have been convicted in Israeli courts. We are getting criticized for doing that—actually, people are telling us it is an incentive to do this. The sickness of this is that families benefit by having one member of their family actually go out and commit a crime, including a murder, getting sentenced to prison for a number of years, and then the family or the criminal is being rewarded for that very act. So when criticism came and the lan-guage we passed in the Congress which enforced this came, Abbas simply pulled out a shell game and said: I will just shift the money and the authority over here, designating that the cutoff of aid by the United States and other countries now was going to a different authority. Now, the relationship be-tween the two organizations, while complex, is also very intertwined. While the PLO claims it is an inde-pendent body, the PA receives its legit-imacy and mandate from the PLO in agreements with Israel. In effect, the PA is subordinate to the PLO. I am speaking on the Senate floor be-cause I have become increasingly con-cerned that this payment issue is not receiving the public attention and crit-icism it deserves. People think, well, we have solved the problem through the language which we passed a couple of years ago but are now discovering that a shell game was simply in play and that money is simply fungible and then shifted over to another function under the PA called the PLO that is then now distributing the money to the families. It appears some pro-Israel organiza-tions may be hesitant to bring more pressure on the financially weak, de-pendent PA, believing it would deprive Abbas of what little remains of his au-thority and status as a negotiating partner, thus making a negotiated set-tlement with Israel less likely. It also appears that some Israeli officials have been reluctant to support the cutoff of aid to the PA, presumably to preserve the PA’s stability as a West Bank secu-rity provider. Our administration—the U.S. admin-istration—is similarly not eager to en-force this issue. The Department of State’s Bureau of Counterterrorism said in a report last month that this payment system was ‘‘an effort to re-integrate released prisoners into soci-ety and prevent recruitment by hostile political factions.’’ There is nothing in the PA Presidential directives estab-lishing this system that justifies such an absurdly positive view of its pur-poses. The U.S. Government should not see this payment program in such a positive light at all, nor does the Pales-tinian Authority deserve immunity be-cause of its fragility. These payments provide rewards and motivations for brutal terrorists, plain and simple. To provide U.S. taxpayer money to Abbas and his government so they can treat terrorists as heroes or glorious martyrs is morally unacceptable. To tolerate such an outrage because of concern for Abbas’s political future or preserving the PA’s security role for Israel amounts to self-imposed extortion. If the PA’s fragile financial condition re-quires U.S. assistance, then it is their policy—not ours—that must change. Let me be more specific as to why we need to take immediate action to stop the use of U.S. taxpayer dollars to re-ward the PLO for its barbaric acts. Since 2014, there have been at least 45 terrorist attacks in Israel killing 585 people, including Americans. Just this past March, Taylor Force, a U.S. Army veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, was stabbed to death by a Palestinian ter-rorist in Jaffa. Taylor was a graduate of the U.S. military academy, and as a former U.S. military officer, he was buried with full honors. His attacker was killed by the Israeli police. This terrorist then received the honors of his own community and a burial cere-mony that glorified him as a martyr, the highest religious achievement in Islam. The official Palestinian Author-ity spokesman said the celebration fu-neral was ‘‘a national wedding befit-ting of martyrs’’—a reference to the Is-lamic belief that a martyr marries 72 dark-eyed virgins in paradise. The family who presumably paid for this celebration received substantial rewards from the Palestinian Govern-ment and will now receive a permanent monthly stipend. Some of that money is paid into the U.S. Treasury by Amer-ican taxpayers and is given as assist-ance to the Palestinian Authority, which is then shell moved over to the PLO and then provided as a reward for killing an American soldier. I, for one—and I am sure I am speak-ing for the American taxpayer—am not interested in paying for a martyr’s fu-neral or his so-called wedding. I am also not interested in paying for what amounts to civil servant salaries for the two terrorists who shot four Israelis to death this past June in Tel Aviv or the two Palestinian boys who attacked customers in a supermarket in February or the 16-year-old terrorist who stabbed an Israeli mother of six to death in her own kitchen last January. I could go on and on about these atrocities and murders, and to think that American taxpayer dollars are paying the families and criminals of those who committed the crimes, with our tax dollars. As I said earlier, we need an imme-diate response to this outrage, and I am ready to lead the effort. First, I in-tend to work with my colleagues, par-ticularly Senator G
RAHAM and Senator K
IRK, who are on the relevant commit-tees and had joined me years ago to try to put a stop to this. I want to work with them to end American financial support for incarcerated terrorists or the families of these so-called martyrs who have earned that status by the brutal slaying of Jewish citizens, in-cluding some Americans. We will iden-tify the amount of money that flows from the PA to the PLO for this pur-pose and cut U.S. assistance by at least that amount. If that partial cutoff of U.S. aid is not sufficient to motivate the PA to end this immoral system of payments to terrorists, I propose a complete suspension of any financial assistance to the Palestinian Author-ity until their policy has changed. I am aware that suspending assist-ance to the Palestinians will have other consequences that we and Israel will have to address, but I believe the pressure that we and other like-minded governments could and should apply in this manner will bring President Abbas and other Palestinian officials to their senses. Whether or not this will occur, the moral imperative is clear: Pay-ments that reward and encourage ter-rorism must stop. We have a moral ob-ligation to do all that we can, as soon as we can, to stop financing the murder of innocent Israelis and Israel’s friends and supporters. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have taken the floor many times to call to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.041 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4400 June 21, 2016 
the attention of the Senate abuses by for-profit colleges, an industry that en-rolls 10 percent of all college students, receives 20 percent of all Federal aid to education, and accounts for 40 percent of all student loan defaults. That is 10 percent of the students and 40 percent of the student loan defaults. I have spo-ken about specific companies involved in this industry—for-profit colleges and universities—including Corinthian, the University of Phoenix, DeVry, ITT Tech, Westwood, and Ashford. It is a long list. I have spoken about Congress’s responsibility and the re-sponsibility of the Department of Edu-cation to reform higher education laws and be aggressive in overseeing these companies. Fortunately, things are starting to change at the Department of Education. Today, I wish to speak about the accreditors and one in particular—the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools, or ACICS. Accreditors are, according to the De-partment of Education, responsible for ensuring that education provided by in-stitutions meet acceptable levels of quality. In that role, they are, frankly, the gatekeepers of Federal dollars that flow to these colleges and universities. Without accreditation, the schools can’t receive the money through the students for Pell grants and Federal loans. But, by law, the Department of Education decides which accrediting agencies are ‘‘reliable authorities as to the quality of education or training provided by the institutions of higher education and the higher education programs they accredit.’’ In order to be a gatekeeper of Federal educational student aid funds like loans and grants, these accrediting agencies must be approved by the De-partment of Education. The Depart-ment performs periodic reviews of fed-erally recognized accrediting agencies to ensure that they are still ‘‘reliable authorities.’’ Here is where ACICS comes in. This outfit is currently undergoing one of those regular reviews by the Depart-ment and the Department’s advisory board. It is a group called NACIQI, the National Advisory Committee on Insti-tutional Quality and Integrity and they will hold a hearing on ACICS this Thursday. Last week, in the first part of this review process, the Department of Education staff made its initial rec-ommendation to NACIQI to revoke the recognition of ACICS, an accrediting agency responsible for about 25 percent of all for-profit colleges and univer-sities. This is the right decision. I commend the Department. I hope that NACIQI and ultimately the Secretary of Edu-cation, Mr. King, will follow the rec-ommendation. Last week, I joined Senators B
LUMENTHAL , M URRAY , B ROWN , and W
ARREN in writing to NACIQI to ex-press support for their recommenda-tion. For too long, this accrediting agency has acted as a rubberstamp for some of the worst for-profit colleges in America. Let’s take one example to start with: Corinthian. Some will re-member this company. It lied to the Federal Government and to the stu-dents who went to school there about its job placement rates. Listen to this. They used a scheme where they paid employers to hire recent graduates of Corinthian in temporary jobs so that Corinthian could report to the Federal Government that their graduates got employment. They were caught. The fraud was systemic at Corinthian and ultimately resulted in its bankruptcy. They were defrauding the government and, even worse, they were defrauding these students and their parents. I wrote to the Department of Edu-cation asking them to look into these allegations of fraud about Corinthian in December of 2013. That same day I wrote to Dr. Albert Gray. He was the CEO of ACICS, which was the agency which accredited Corinthian. That was the agency that said to the Federal Government: This is a real college; you should let Federal funds flow to this college. So I wrote to Dr. Gray and I said: What are you doing as an accrediting agency to hold Corinthian accountable and to ensure that they do not con-tinue their fraudulent practices? I received a response from Dr. Gray. His letter said the allegations were ‘‘a source of great concern’’ and that the council that he administered would re-view information submitted by Corin-thian and ‘‘make a determination of what actions to take regarding addi-tional inquiries, compliance hearings or more serious sanctions.’’ This so-called review of Corinthian by ACICS continued for more than a year, even as States like California, Massachusetts, and Wisconsin and Fed-eral agencies such as the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau filed suit against Corinthian for their corrupt practices. Meanwhile, their accrediting agency was ‘‘really looking into this’’—really looking hard. As the evidence of Corinthian’s fraud and abuse mounted, ACICS—this ac-crediting agency—continued its wishy- washy ‘‘monitoring’’ that never led to anything. In fact, up until the date that Corinthian Colleges declared bankruptcy in May of 2015, they were still fully accredited by this ACICS ac-crediting agency. That is disgraceful. But it wasn’t disgraceful to ACICS. In response to an effort by Senator CHRIS MURPHY of Connecticut in a 2015 Senate HELP Committee hearing to get Dr. Gray to admit that ACICS made a mistake by continuing to ac-credit Corinthian, Dr. Gray said: 
I will be the first to admit that accreditors like any other organization make mistakes. Corinthian was not one of those mistakes. 
Incredible—here is a group that has defrauded students, defrauded the Fed-eral Government, is being sued by at least three States and other Federal agencies, had declared bankruptcy, and the accrediting agency was still stand-ing firmly behind it. Is this an organi-zation that we can truly trust as tax-payers to be a reliable authority as to the quality of education? This is the gatekeeper—this agency, this accred-iting agency—the gatekeeper for mil-lions and sometimes billions of dollars to flow out of the Treasury from tax-payers through students and their fam-ilies to lots of CEOs at for-profit col-leges that are doing quite well, thank you. History tells us we can’t trust ACICS. Corinthian isn’t the only embarrass-ment on the ACICS resume. According to the Center for American Progress, more than half of the $5.7 billion in Federal student aid awarded to ACICS- accredited schools in the past 3 years went to institutions facing State and Federal investigations or lawsuits. Twenty percent of the students at these for-profit schools accredited by this discredited agency defaulted on their Federal student loans. Does this sound like an organization that is a re-liable authority when it comes to qual-ity education schools provide? In my home State of Illinois, Attor-ney General Lisa Madigan, who has been a real leader on this subject, set-tled a lawsuit last year against the no-torious Westwood College. Westwood’s practices were not all that different from Corinthian—lying to students about job prospects. I remember meeting a young girl in Chicago. She had been smitten by all of these criminal investigation shows on television. So she signed up at Westwood, and she signed up to take courses in criminal justice. It took her 5 years to finish, to get her so-called degree from Westwood College in Chi-cago. Do you know what she found afterwards? Not a single law enforce-ment agency would even recognize her diploma. She spent 5 years and, even worse, she went deeply in debt—almost $90,000 in debt—for a worthless diploma from Westwood College. She moved back into her parents’ home, living in the basement, and her dad came out of retirement to try to earn some money to help pay off the student loans at this worthless Westwood school. Guess who accredited Westwood Col-lege. ACICS, the same agency. In fact, in the course of their investigation, the attorney general’s office found that ACICS was not annually verifying even a sample of job placements reported by Westwood and other institutions they accredited. There are so many other examples of negligence by this accrediting agency. That is why 13 State attorneys general, including Lisa Madigan of Illinois, have written to the Department of Education asking them to revoke ACICS’ recognition. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the letter from the attorneys general be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.043 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4401 June 21, 2016 
THECOMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU -
SETTS , OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY  G
ENERAL , April 8, 2016. Re Opposing the Application for Renewal of Recognition of the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools (ACICS). Hon. J
OHNKING, Department of Education, Washington, DC. J
ENNIFER HONG, Executive Director/Designated Federal Official, National Advisory Committee on Institu-tional Quality and Integrity, U.S. Depart-ment of Education, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY KING AND MS. HONG: We write in response to the notice of intent to accept written comments on the application for renewal of accrediting agencies, specifi-cally, the Accrediting Council for Inde-pendent Colleges and Schools (ACICS), as published in the Federal Register on March 18, 2016. We have carefully reviewed the Cri-teria for the Recognition of Accrediting Agencies, including §§602.16(a)(1)(i), 602.19(a) & (b), and 602.20(a), that are of particular im-portance to our consumers. We believe that stronger oversight by accrediting agencies is necessary to protect vulnerable students from predatory schools, ensure account-ability to taxpayers, and level the playing field for career schools that are delivering quality, affordable programs. Given ACICS’ failure to ensure program quality at the in-stitutions it accredits, we oppose renewal of recognition and urge the Department to re-voke its status as a recognized accreditor. Because the Department of Education does not directly assess the quality of institu-tions of higher education, students depend on accreditors to ensure that schools provide an education that fleets at least minimum standards of quality. Accreditors, more than any other party charged with .he supervision of higher education, are responsible for pro-tecting students from profit-seeking institu-tions offering training of no educational value. Today, when millions of students are defaulting on the student loans they in-curred to attend subpar for-profit schools, it is clear that certain accreditors are failing to do the job. Even in the crowded field of accrediting failures, ACICS deserves special opprobrium. According to a recent analysis by ProPublica, only 35% of students enrolled at ACICS accredited schools graduate from their programs, ‘‘the lowest rate for any accreditor.’’ Of students who actually did graduate, more than one in five defaulted on their student loans within the first three years after graduation. A full 60% had not yet paid down a single dollar of the principal balance on their loans. As consumer advocates in our respective states, our offices have investigated many ACICS accredited schools based on com-plaints from students, and found a funda-mental lack of substantive oversight for stu-dent outcomes by the accreditor. Lapses that we have encountered include a failure to take action when improper job placement statistics are reported, inadequate job place-ment verification processes, and a lack of transparency and cooperation with inves-tigations into student outcomes. ACICS’ most spectacular failure was its de-cision to extend accreditation to several dozen schools operated by Corinthian Col-leges. Corinthian’s practice of offering ex-tremely expensive degrees of little value to low-income students has been the target of more than twenty state and federal law en-forcement agencies. Yet ACICS continued to provide accreditation to Corinthian’s schools until the day Corinthian declared bank-ruptcy. The U.S. taxpayer provided approxi-mately $3.5 billion to Corinthian, made pos-sible by ACICS’s accreditation. ACICS has failed repeatedly to take action in response to public enforcement actions by state and federal law enforcement. In the Il-linois Attorney General’s investigation and subsequent litigation with Westwood Col-lege, the office found that ACICS was not an-nually verifying even a sample of job place-ments reported by the institutions it accred-its. When asked by the attorney general’s of-fice, ACICS would not commit to formally outline their verification process in an affi-davit. This type of obfuscation hinders regu-latory cooperation between the ‘‘triad’’ that oversees higher education in the United States, the federal government, the states, and accreditors. There are other examples of ACICS’ failure to identify compliance problems and enforce its accreditation standards. In 2015, Edu-cation Management Company (EDMC), with campuses accredited by ACICS including The Art Institute and Brown Mackie College, set-tled with thirty-nine State Attorneys Gen-eral and agreed to forgive $102.8 million in outstanding loan debt. ITT Tech has been sued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Attorneys General of Massachu-setts and New Mexico and is under investiga-tion by 19 other states. Daymar College em-ployed dozens of unqualified faculty as deter-mined by the Kentucky Council on Postsec-ondary Education and the Kentucky Attor-ney General, yet ACICS took no action to re-buke the school or require remedies for stu-dents. Daymar subsequently settled with the Attorney General and agreed to provide $11 million in debt relief and pay $1.2 million in student redress. National College of Ken-tucky, Inc. was fined $147,000 by a Kentucky Court for failing to fully respond to a sub-poena from the Kentucky Attorney General. National College of Kentucky later admitted in litigation with the Kentucky Attorney General that it advertised false job place-ment rates yet ACICS has taken no action against the school. Career Education Corporation, whose San-ford Brown schools are ACICS-accredited, settled with the New York Attorney Gen-eral’s Office in 2013 for $10.25 million based on findings that CEC fabricated job place-ment rates. ACICS failed to identify the placement rate inaccuracies and, when CEC’s misconduct came to light, failed to termi-nate or suspend accreditation to any Sanford Brown Schools. In fact, ACICS did not even request that CEC recalculate inaccurate placement rates for several of the affected cohorts. It should be noted that ACICS has rep-resentatives of these problem schools on its board and committees, raising serious ques-tions about potential conflicts of interests and therefore ACICS’s ability to impartially evaluate those and other schools. For exam-ple, ITT, Corinthian Colleges, and National College all had representatives on the ACICS Board of Directors/Commissioners during the pendency of these enforcement actions or the events leading thereto. ACICS’s accreditation failures are both systemic and extreme. Its decisions to ac-credit low-quality for-profit schools have ru-ined the lives of hundreds of thousands of vulnerable students whom it was charged to protect. It has enabled a great fraud upon our students and taxpayers. ACICS has prov-en that it is not willing or capable of playing the essential gate-keeping role required of accreditors. It accordingly should no longer be allowed to do so. The state attorneys general appreciate this opportunity to comment and we urge the De-partment to exercise its appropriate discre-tion in refusing to renew recognition. Sincerely, Maura Healey, Massachusetts Attorney General; Brian E. Frosh, Maryland At-torney General; Thomas J. Miller, At-torney General of Iowa; Lisa Madigan, Illinois Attorney General; Andy Beshear, Kentucky Attorney General; Karl A. Racine, District of Columbia Attorney General; Janet Mills, Maine Attorney General; Stephen H. Levins, Executive Director, Hawaii Office of Consumer Protection; Lori Swanson, Minnesota Attorney General; Ellen F. Rosenblum, Oregon Attorney General; Eric T. Schneiderman, New York At-torney General; Hector Balderas, New Mexico Attorney General; Bob Fer-guson, Washington Attorney General. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, ACICS has shown time and again that it is not a reliable authority when it comes to the quality of an education. It is not a responsible steward of taxpayers’ dol-lars. Follow the money in this case. Think of schools like Corinthian that took billions of dollars out of the Federal Treasury through loans that are as-signed to students and paid into Corin-thian so they can maintain their oper-ations and pay handsome salaries to their CEO. Now they go bankrupt, and at that point the students of Corin-thian have a choice. They can keep their worthless semester hours from Corinthian and keep their debt or they can walk away from both. Well, many of them choose to walk away. When they walk away, they have wasted years of their lives, but even more im-portant, taxpayers have just taken a beating. These are corrupt capitalist ventures that rely, for 85 to 95 percent of their revenue, directly on the Federal Gov-ernment. These are not free market en-tities. These are not private corpora-tions. It is crony capitalism at its worst. So, today, I want to commend the Department of Education for making its recommendations to NACIQI to withdraw ACICS’ federal approval. I hope this is the beginning of the end for this awful organization that has been complicit in defrauding students and the fleecing of taxpayers by major for-profit education companies for way too long. I encourage the Department to con-tinue to remain steadfast in its current position and to ensure that the stu-dents and institutions that ACICS cur-rently accredits are well informed that this process is under way. Finally, I will say that ridding our higher education system of ACICS is a good first step, but more needs to be done to reform it. In the coming weeks, I will be introducing an accreditation reform bill with several of my col-leagues, and I hope this issue will be front and center during the Senate’s consideration of a Higher Education Act reauthorization in the next Con-gress. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.003 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4402 June 21, 2016 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here for the 141st time to urge my colleagues to wake up, in this case more specifically to the political influ-ence, particularly the dark money, that perpetuates the climate blockade in Congress. In 1831, Alexis de Tocqueville trav-eled to the United States to write his famous ‘‘Democracy in America.’’ De Touqueville described our American style of government as ‘‘quite excep-tional.’’ He wrote about it with affec-tion and with fascination. He may have been the first American exceptionalist. As the son and grandson of Foreign Service officers, I can personally attest to the importance of America as a par-agon of government across the globe, as an aspirational model of self-govern-ance, and as a country that others count on that comes to help, not to loot or conquer. The roots of our American exceptionalism are found in the three simple words that introduce our Con-stitution: ‘‘We the People.’’ The notion that the government belongs to the people seems unremarkable now, but in its day, it was literally revolutionary. Today, this proposition is under threat from few very well-heeled spe-cial interests and their shadowy front groups, all powered up by the Supreme Court’s disastrous 5-to-4 Citizens United decision. In that decision, the Court’s conservative bloc overturned long-standing laws of Congress, re-jected the common sense of the Amer-ican people, and gave wildly outsized influence over our elections to a little stable of Big Money interests, creating what one newspaper in Kentucky has aptly called a ‘‘tsunami of slime.’’ The evidence is in. The evidence is found in our elections, where the tsu-nami of outside cash has wiped out pre-vious campaign spending records and created whole new campaign spending categories that never existed before, like dark money. And the evidence is found in this Chamber, where before Citizens United we had a thriving bi-partisan debate on climate change. Now we have exactly the silence the polluters want from the Republican side. It wasn’t very long after de Tocqueville published his famous book on American democracy that the phys-icist John Tyndall wrote about excess heat trapped by the buildup of certain gases in the atmosphere. He wrote: 
[T]o account for different amounts of heat being preserved to the earth at different times, a slight change in [the atmosphere’s] variable constituents would suffice for this. Such changes in fact may have produced all the mutations of climate which the re-searches of geologists reveal. 
Those ‘‘variable constituents’’ to which Tyndall referred included carbon dioxide, methane, and water vapor; he was writing about what we now call the greenhouse effect. We have understood this greenhouse effect for a century and a half. Abraham Lincoln was Presi-dent when this was published. It is nothing new or controversial in real science, as I think every single one of our major State universities would at-test, and it is starting to have a pretty pronounced effect. NOAA just reported that the Earth passed what they call ‘‘another unfor-tunate milestone.’’ Carbon dioxide con-centrations passed 400 ppm at the South Pole last month. That was a first in 4 million years. NOAA also an-nounced that the globally averaged temperature over land and ocean sur-faces for May 2016 was the highest for any May in the NOAA global tempera-ture record. This marks the 13th con-secutive such month, breaking its monthly global temperature record— the longest streak in NOAA’s 137 years of keeping records. We understand what is going on. So why is Congress stuck, asleep at the wheel? Why? Because since the Su-preme Court’s decision in Citizens United, the big fossil fuel polluters and their network of front groups—a well- documented crowd now in academic lit-erature and in journalism—have poured money and threats into our politics. Just one group, the Koch brothers- backed front group Americans for Pros-perity, openly proclaimed that if Re-publicans support a carbon tax or cli-mate regulations, they would ‘‘be at a severe disadvantage in the Republican nomination process.’’ It would mean their ‘‘political peril.’’ The threat is plain. It is funded by the very deep pockets and the highly motivated schemes of the fossil fuel in-dustry, enabled by Citizens United, and much of it is largely hidden from pub-lic disclosure. Candidates get it; it is the public that doesn’t see what is going on behind the scenes. Every election since Citizens United has broken spending records, and this year is on track to do it again. Super PACs, anonymous so-called social wel-fare 501(c)(4) groups, and other outside groups have so far spent nearly $400 million in this election, and we are still nearly 5 months from election day. Politico has reported that dona-tions to super PACs are expected to ex-ceed $1 billion this election cycle. Gee, for $1 billion, what could they possibly want? We know where this money will go. It will fund an onslaught of the ugly, nox-ious, negative campaign ads that Americans hate. They hate the nega-tive messages smearing the ad’s tar-gets. But they also hate another mes-sage. They hate the message that this smear was paid for by some shadowy group that they know perfectly well has no role in their State or in their life and that they usually have never heard of but has suddenly com-mandeered their TV screen to deliver the smear attack. That secondary pay-load, which has delivered negative ad after negative ad, is piling up, and its message to the American viewer is clear: This has gotten weird. This has gotten out of hand, and you don’t count. Not surprisingly, Americans are be-coming more and more disillusioned with our politics. According to a Bloomberg poll, 72 percent of Ameri-cans report being fed up with politics and politicians, and 59 percent feel the ‘‘political system is broken.’’ Accord-ing to a recent Rasmussen poll, three- quarters of voters believe the wealthi-est individuals and companies have too much influence over elections, and 8 in 10 agree that wealthy special interest groups have too much power and influ-ence. They are not wrong. That Citi-zens United decision has even helped make Americans feel by a ratio of 9 to 1 that an ordinary American will not get a fair shot against a corporation in the U.S. Supreme Court. It is a dirty circle. The strength of America lies in its people. Stoking dis-trust and contempt for our political system breeds cynicism, and that cyni-cism gives special interests more influ-ence in their age-old battle to loot the public. That failure also jeopardizes the exceptionalism that has made America an example for good through-out the world—fat chance that we are an example for good on climate change when the fossil fuel industry has done what it has with its campaign spend-ing. It is a mess, and to clean it up a group of us have assembled a ‘‘we the people’’ suite of legislation. The ‘‘we the people’’ legislation is a collection of straightforward reforms designed to loosen the grip of big money on our elections, reduce the influence that wealthy special interests have over our government—often behind the scenes— and return America’s democracy to its true owners, the American people. How do we do this? Well, first, we bring transparency back to our elec-tions with an updated DISCLOSE Act, a bill I have introduced in the last three Congresses. DISCLOSE would re-quire every organization spending money in elections, including super PACs and tax-exempt 501(c)(4) groups, to promptly disclose donors who give $10,000 or more during an election cycle and to get the spending information online within 24 hours. It would pre-vent super PACs from acting as de facto extensions of a candidate’s cam-paign, and it would reform the Federal Election Commission to break the par-tisan deadlock that cripples enforce-ment of existing campaign finance laws. Second, we undo the Court’s dreadful Citizens United decision. Citizens United was wrong in treating corpora-tions as if they were people. It was wrong that corporate money will not corrupt. It was wrong not seeing that whatever special interests are allowed to do politically, they can threaten and promise to do, and those threats and promises are corrupting. Finally, it overlooked that a small class of special interests can actually make a bundle buying influence. The fossil fuel industry, for instance, even when it spends $750 million in one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.045 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4403 June 21, 2016 
election, is still making a bundle pro-tecting the massive subsidies that sup-port fossil fuel in this country. Accord-ing to the IMF, that number is about $700 billion every year in effective sub-sidies. So ‘‘we the people’’ includes Senator U
DALL ’s constitutional amendment to give Congress the power to once again pass commonsense measures regulating presently unlimited corporate cash in our elections. Finally, ‘‘we the people’’ includes proposals championed by Sen-ators B
ENNET and B ALDWIN to stop the spinning, revolving door that so often makes officials beholden to corporate special interests. It was not long after Alexis de Tocqueville described our unique American democracy and it was about the same time John Tyndall described the basic science of the greenhouse ef-fect that President Lincoln reminded a war-weary nation of the point of all that bloodshed—that ‘‘government of the people, by the people, and for the people shall not perish from the earth.’’ Allowing special interests to secretly buy elections and influence govern-ment officials gives away an American patrimony that was dearly bought. Make no mistake, without Citizens United, and without the maligned and dishonorable use of its weaponry by the fossil fuel industry, we would have had by now a bipartisan solution to climate change. A faction on the Court that un-leashed that new political weaponry, an industry that took shameful and re-morseless advantage of it, and a party that has willingly subordinated itself to that influence to keep the money flowing all share the blame for where we are today. We need to clean this up. The pol-luters don’t just pollute our planet; they are polluting our very democracy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, for months now I have been coming to the floor to talk about an issue that I know the American people want us to talk about, and that is the economy and the importance of growing our economy. I am highlighting what unfortunately has been a very anemic record of eco-nomic growth over the last 10 years, highlighting what is called the gross domestic product for the United States. I have been doing that because certainly the Obama administration doesn’t want to do that. When we look at these numbers, we know that these are some of the weakest economic numbers, certainly in the last 7 years— some of the weakest economic numbers in U.S. history. The media doesn’t want to talk about it, so I believe it is important that we come and have a de-bate on the economy because the American people want us to talk about this. I want to remind my colleagues that the gross domestic product—what we have here on this chart—is really a marker of the health of our economy. It is a marker of progress, a marker of the American dream. Right now we have a sick economy by any measure. Last quarter the U.S. economy grew at 0.8 percent GDP growth—barely grew. To put that in perspective, what has made our country great year after year, decade after decade, has been an economic growth rate of about 3.7 per-cent, almost 4 percent. If you look at this chart, it has many different administrations. This red line is the 3-percent GDP marker, which is considered OK, not great. Usually, most administrations are above that. Year after year, decade after dec-ade—Democratic administration, Re-publican administration—what has made the country great is economic growth. If you look at the Obama years right here, it never even hit 3 percent GDP growth. That is why they don’t want to talk about it. When the Presi-dent does talk about it, he doesn’t re-mind Americans that this is the slow-est, weakest recovery in over 70 years, but when he does talk about it, he still points fingers at those who came before him. After nearly 71⁄2years, two terms, this economy is his. He owns it, and he should take responsibility for it. As Michael Boskin, the well-re-spected Stanford economics professor, put it: ‘‘Mr. Obama will likely go down as having the worst economic-growth record of any president since the trough of the Great Depression in 1933.’’ Whether the President owns up to it, there is no doubt—just look at the charts. These are their numbers, by the way. These are the Obama administra-tion numbers. There is no doubt we have experienced a lost decade of growth that is harming not only the economic security of our country and the national security of our country but—most importantly—American families who are experiencing this. The great engine of our economic growth, driven by the American worker, the most productive worker in world his-tory, is now idle because we cannot grow our economy. We had more evidence of this last month with the abysmal May jobs re-port. Again, nobody talked about it. The media didn’t talk about it. Cer-tainly, the White House didn’t talk about it, but we should be talking about it, what happened in May. The report showed, in May, employers throughout the entire United States added 38,000 jobs. That is in an $18 tril-lion economy that employs 126 million Americans—38,000 jobs is nothing and everybody knows it. As a matter of fact, today, Fed Chair-man Janet Yellen talked about what a dismal report that was in May. In fact, that is the lowest monthly gain since 2010 in terms of jobs, and 2016 has seen the worst employment start since 2009, since the beginning of the Obama ad-ministration. All of this is very bad news for the country, the economy, American fami-lies, and American workers. Every economist, including the Fed Chairman today, every pundit, even politicians who understand this issue, know this is a big problem. Yet the President and Members of his administration refuse to level with the American people about what is going on. You didn’t hear anyone talking about the jobs report. In fact, right now they are calling our economy the strongest in the world. They are touting the fact that despite this economic jobs report, the unem-ployment rate actually ticked down. It went down from 5.1 percent to 4.7 per-cent. They are kind of bragging about that. That is normally good news. The unemployment rate going from 5.1 to 4.7 percent, they are talking that up. What is going on? What is the real story behind these numbers? Because the people who know these numbers know what is going on. I thought I would try to explain a little bit about why this administration is not leveling with the American people at all. First, having the strongest economy in the world right now is nothing to brag about. The President used to brag about how we were growing more than Europe. That was last quarter. We are not growing more than Europe now. The EU grew at about a 2-percent GDP growth last quarter. As I said, we grew at about 0.8 percent, so even that com-parison is not working. An economist recently stated that bragging about having a strong econ-omy right now globally is ‘‘like having the best-looking horse in the glue fac-tory.’’ There is not a lot to brag about there. Really, the only comparison that matters when the administration tries a spin, ‘‘Hey, we are doing better than Japan or better than Brazil’’—the only comparison that matters is this one: How are we doing relative to American history? That is all that really mat-ters, not the spin of how we are doing relative to another country. This is what matters. Again, by any measure, we have been performing very poorly for the last 10 years. Second, let’s unpack the unemploy-ment numbers. The 4.7-percent unem-ployment rate sounds pretty good, but what the President knows and what his administration knows but will not tell the American people, is that rate from the jobs report last year had numbers behind it that were very worrisome. If we only created 38,000 jobs, then how does the unemployment rate go down from 5.1 percent to 4.7 percent? This is how. The standard measure of unemployment in this country, the un-employment rate, includes only people who are actively looking for work. That is a term called the labor force participation rate. So if the labor force participation rate goes down, then the unemployment rate will also go down, even if we have a weak economy. So what happened in May? Why did the unemployment rate tick down to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.063 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4404 June 21, 2016 
4.7 percent? That is normally good news. Well, we know it is not because of robust job growth because there were only 38,000 jobs created. Nobody thinks that is robust. What happened in May—and the White House isn’t talking about it—the unemployment rate went down because almost 700,000 American workers quit working, quit looking for a job. Think about that. In 1 month, 664,000 Ameri-cans—in 1 month, almost 700,000 Amer-icans who had been looking for work got discouraged. They said there is nothing out there. This economy is so weak so I am quitting even looking for a job. That is why the unemployment rate went down—not a strong economy, not strong growth—discouraged Amer-ican workers saying: I am done. I am not even going to look anymore. Of course, that is nothing to celebrate, 700,000 Americans completely discour-aged who said: I have had enough, I am not even going to try. Think about the families. Think about the workers who made that decision. Unfortunately, this is one of the dis-mal, economic legacies of the Obama years. Year after year, as exhibited by this chart, millions of Americans have simply left the workforce. They just quit. This is a chart of the labor force participation rate at the beginning of the Obama administration and now. Year after year, you can see more Americans say: I have had it. I give up. The economy is too weak. I am quit-ting, quitting even looking. Again, they are not counted in the unemploy-ment rate. The labor force participation rate is a rather ungainly term, but what it really measures is the hope of the American worker and his or her family. So we should call it the American worker hope index. Here is the hope index for the American worker. As you can see by the chart, it has been crashing under this President with his economic policies year after year. Hope has been declining for American workers ever since the Presi-dent got into office. In fact, it has not been this low since the economic mal-aise years of President Jimmy Carter. If you see the right hand here, 62 per-cent—the Carter malaise years— Reagan, Clinton, Bush, and then the Obama administration years, back al-most on par with the Carter years. That is not a strong legacy. The last time we had an American worker hope index this low was in 1978, the height of the Carter stagflation, when so many Americans were discour-aged from even trying to work. That is the legacy we have right now. The most recent job numbers that came out in May was the day the Presi-dent gave a speech to a bunch of high school students. To the children, the high school kids, the President painted a rosy picture of the economy. He told them the economy was strong and that he had cut the unemployment rate in half. We know that is not a fully accu-rate statement. If we had the same labor force participation rate today that we had at the beginning of the Obama administration, our unemploy-ment rate would actually be 9.7 per-cent, almost unchanged from the be-ginning of 2009 when it was 10.1 per-cent. So the bottom line, the main rea-son—indeed, almost the sole reason the official unemployment rate has been, ‘‘cut in half,’’ as the President said, is because millions and millions of Amer-icans have left the workforce because the hope of the American worker has crashed, and it has now reached the same low levels it did during the Carter years. The President did also tell these high school students that to create a better, stronger economy, we have to be hon-est about what our real economic chal-lenges are. Here, I agree with him. Let’s start with an honest assessment made re-cently by former President Clinton. This is what he said about the Obama economy: ‘‘Millions and millions and millions and millions of people look at the pretty picture of America [Obama] painted and they cannot find them-selves in it to save their lives.’’ That was former Democratic Presi-dent Bill Clinton talking about the loss of hope over the last 8 years. President Clinton recently said: 
But the problem is, 80 percent of the Amer-ican people are still living on what they were living on the day before the [2008 financial] crash. And about half the American people, after you adjust for inflation, are living on what they were living on the last day I— 
Meaning President Clinton— 
was president 15 years ago. So that’s what’s the matter. 
That is President Clinton. He is talk-ing honestly about this economy. That is what honesty looks like. Family in-comes have declined during the Obama years, wages have been stagnant, and the economic hope of the American worker has crashed to levels not seen since Jimmy Carter. I close with a few words for the American people as we get to the final months of the Obama administration. The President is going to make the claim—and some of his supporters and maybe even Secretary Clinton are going to make the claim—that the un-employment rate during the Obama years went from 10.1 percent to 4.7 per-cent. They are going to talk about this. They are going to make people believe that somehow this is a great accom-plishment. While technically true, what the President is not going to do, what Sec-retary Clinton is not going to do, is un-pack the numbers to actually tell the whole truth because that unemploy-ment rate decline is due primarily to the fact that so many American work-ers have simply quit looking for work. That is the full truth. So when you hear this great num-ber—10.1 percent unemployment all the way down to 4.7 percent—the real num-ber is 9.7 percent. The real number is in this index. The real number is that the American workers’ hope over the last 8 years has crashed. So when the President and the White House continue to tell us that every-thing is fine, that jobs are plentiful, that the unemployment rate has been slashed in half, that our economy is strong relative to other countries, it is very important to look at what they are really saying. We shouldn’t believe that. And the vast majority of Ameri-cans don’t believe it because they are hurting. They are hurting because this economy is hurting. Millions of Ameri-cans want to work but can’t find a job. Millions of Americans have quit look-ing for a job. And, as the President says, we need to recognize that fact and to be honest about it. Only then can we do what is one of the most im-portant jobs this Senate can do, which is grow our economy again and create real job opportunities for the millions of American workers who want to work but have been so discouraged they have left the workforce. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session to consider individually either of the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 357 and 358; that there be 30 minutes for debate only on each nomination, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of time on the respective nominations, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate on the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FULBRIGHT PROGRAM Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am pleased to join my friend from Arkan-sas, Mr. B
OOZMAN , in cosponsoring a resolution recognizing the 70th Anni-versary of the Fulbright Program on August 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.065 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4405 June 21, 2016 
Seventy years ago, Senator William Fulbright established this program for the ‘‘promotion of international good-will through the exchange of students in the fields of education, culture and science.’’ The Fulbright Program re-ceives funding each year with strong bipartisan support from Congress and is also supported by 50 binational com-missions worldwide. Since its establishment, the Ful-bright Program has become the United States’ flagship educational exchange program. There have been more than 370,000 participants from around the world and all 50 States since the pro-gram was established. Fulbright alum-ni include 33 heads of state, 54 Nobel laureates, and 82 Pulitzer Prize win-ners. The Institute for International Edu-cation has administered the Fulbright Program since 1946 and has worked closely with the Department of State to ensure that the Fulbright Program is one of the most prestigious and ef-fective international exchange pro-grams in the world. The Fulbright Program makes a sig-nificant contribution to the exchange of ideas, knowledge, and understanding between Americans and people world-wide. It awards 8,000 grants annually, including to 1,600 U.S. students, 4,000 foreign students, 1,200 U.S. scholars, and 900 visiting scholars, in addition to several hundred teachers and profes-sionals. Increasingly, it seems as if the world is being torn apart by intolerance, ha-tred, violence, and isolationism. I am convinced that academic and cultural exchange programs, like Fulbright, are more relevant today than ever because they provide a strong antidote to these trends. Exchanges between individuals from around the world who share ideas and work together on issues and prob-lems confronting the world can build relationships that endure for a life-time. I congratulate the Fulbright Pro-gram, the alumni, and all who have supported the program for 70 years of promoting international goodwill, and I thank Senator B
OOZMAN for this reso-lution. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. WILLIAM GLEN HOWLAND Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, after 17 years spent protecting Lake Cham-plain, Dr. William Glen Howland—Bill, to most of us—will retire this month as the director of the Lake Champlain Basin Program. We should all thank him and recognize his contributions to the conservation and restoration of Vermont’s jewel, Lake Champlain, credit him for his many contributions to scientific research, and thank him for his commitment to the local com-munity in which he lives and works. Under Bill’s steady and thoughtful guidance, the Lake Champlain Basin Program, LCBP, has flourished in its mission to coordinate and fund work by Vermont, New York, and Quebec to protect Lake Champlain’s water qual-ity, fisheries, wetlands, wildlife, recre-ation, and cultural resources. At the Gordon Center House on Vermont’s Grand Isle, Bill has assembled and guided a team of exceptional scientists and dedicated public servants. Bill has led the Lake Champlain Basin Program to become nationally and internation-ally recognized in the fields of eco-system monitoring, prevention of the spread of invasive species, water pollu-tion control, cultural heritage resource interpretation and protection, and pub-lic education. It is a model to which other watershed and basin programs aspire. I have often looked to Bill for his ex-pert advice in developing and imple-menting Federal legislation and pro-grams. Bill worked with me on the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Lake Cham-plain Basin Program Act of 2002, the Champlain Valley National Heritage Partnership Act adopted in 2006, and the Lake Champlain Ecosystem Res-toration Authority, which was adopted as part of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act. Bill has testified more than once before Senate committees about the importance of environmental conservation programs and projects in the Lake Champlain and Great Lakes regions. I have been impressed by Bill’s abil-ity to bring all types of partners to the table, including local citizens, recre-ation organizations, heritage organiza-tions, county planning offices, the Gov-ernors of Vermont and New York, Fed-eral agencies, and even the Premier of Quebec. Bill’s greatest skill may be di-plomacy, considering he has confirmed trilateral Memoranda of Understanding with New York, Vermont, and Quebec in 2000, 2003, and 2010, has helped to guide two International Joint Commis-sion inquiries, and has contributed to international trans-boundary conserva-tion work through LAKENET, UNESCO HELP, and NANBO inter-national lake summits. Remarkably, year after year, he has been able to achieve consensus on the allocation of millions of dollars in Lake Champlain funds among multiple Federal agen-cies, Vermont, New York, many pri-vate organizations, and countless part-ners on the ground. Bill’s dedication to protecting Lake Champlain and the environment ex-tends well beyond his tenure as direc-tor of the LCBP. During his many years as a faculty member and as a member of the research staff at Middlebury College, the University of Vermont, and McGill University, Bill has advanced the field of geography, particularly biophysical remote sens-ing and terrain modeling of northern ecosystems, which are critical tools as we track global climate change. He has been a role model and adviser to many young scientists, helping to shape their studies and their careers. He also served as the executive director of the Green Mountain Audubon Society for 5 years, before taking the reins at the LCBP. Like so many great Vermonters, Bill’s service to his local and regional community has been remarkable. Many of Bill’s neighbors owe their health and well-being to his decades of service as an advanced emergency medical tech-nician on the Richmond and Grand Isle rescue squads. Bill has been an active board member of the Lake Champlain Committee and served on the Bur-lington Barge Canal Superfund panel, receiving a U.S. EPA Environmental Merit Award in 1997. Director Howland has my sincere gratitude for his years of dedicated service to his local community, to the Lake Champlain Basin, and all of Vermont, as well as to U.S. national and international conservation efforts and scientific research. I expect and hope that he will stay active on all of these fronts. Bill has much more to contribute. I wish him well in his re-tirement, and I hope that he and his wife, Betsy, will now get a chance to relax on the shores of Lake Champlain at their home in Isle La Motte. f 
TRIBUTE TO POLLY NICHOL Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to take a moment to recognize the achievements and contributions of a remarkable advocate and a celebrated leader in my home State of Vermont. Later this month, Polly Nichol will retire from her position as director of housing of the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board. For more than 35 years, Polly’s career in affordable housing and community development has stood as the gold standard of excel-lence to those in her field. Her effective leadership across Vermont has inspired countless new collaborations, new housing opportunities for our most vul-nerable, and the preservation of his-toric structures that make up Vermont’s unique character. It is not an exaggeration to say that the quality of life for many in the Green Moun-tains is greater as a result of Polly Nichol’s legacy. Polly joined the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board in 1988 as its first director of housing. There, she be-came known for establishing creative partnerships to bring together devel-opers, preservationists, and advocates alike. This work was grounded in her prior experience at the local commu-nity action agency, where she led the establishment of two neighborhood re-investment groups in nearby Barre and Randolph. These groups are now part of NeighborWorks America, a program I have long supported for its investments in rural communities across the coun-try. Polly’s career in advocacy and lead-ership has been vast and multifaceted. In Vermont, the challenge of securing safe, affordable housing is far too fa-miliar for many. Overcoming this chal-lenge requires a strong network of ad-vocates and experts ready and willing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.046 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4406 June 21, 2016 
to collaborate. During her tenure at the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board, Polly has channeled the organi-zation’s mission to improve the capac-ity of surrounding nonprofits dedicated to housing and conservation. Today Vermont’s landscape of nonprofit de-velopers and preservationists is unique-ly integrated, much thanks to Polly’s early efforts to instill value in the be-lief that building homes includes build-ing community. Polly’s vision has also had a direct impact on thousands of Vermonters in nearly every corner of the state. Her leadership has contributed to the suc-cess of the Vermont Housing and Con-servation Board as it has invested in and developed more than 12,000 homes and apartments. More than 1,300 homes with much-needed services and sup-ports have also been developed for our most vulnerable friends and neighbors. Throughout, the organization has also enabled more than 1,000 individuals to become homeowners, further enabling them to become integrated within their local communities. Polly’s leadership and advocacy may also be witnessed in the other vol-untary roles she has held throughout the last four decades. She is an active member of the city of Montpelier’s Housing Task Force, the Vermont Af-fordable Housing Coalition, and is well known for her role as a founding board member of the Vermont Community Loan Fund. Her reach also extends to other important causes, including a most recent appointment to serve as the vice president of the board of Vermont Works for Women, an organi-zation that supports disadvantaged women and those who pursue nontradi-tional careers. We have also been fortunate to have Polly as a delegate to our region and national affordable housing commu-nities, including the New England Housing Network and the Housing As-sistance Council. In 1994, Polly received the Skip Jason Community Service Award from the Housing Assistance Council after being nominated by a host of Vermonters. As a leading na-tional advocate for rural housing pol-icy in the country, this award recog-nizes those whose efforts have im-proved the housing conditions of the rural poor in their communities and whose work ‘‘in the trenches’’ often goes unrecognized in their commu-nities. Since then Polly’s leadership, has continued, as she has served as both president and chair of the board of the Housing Assistance Council. Polly has been well known to friends and colleagues as much for her gentle humor as her uncompromising dedica-tion to preserve the unique beauty and quality of life found at home in Vermont. Her work will leave a lasting impression on those of us who have been fortunate enough to learn from and work alongside her. As she transi-tions to retirement, I do hope she finds opportunity to revel in her accomplish-ments both near and far. HOLY AND GREAT COUNCIL OF THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN CHURCHES Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the historic events taking place in Crete, Greece. Ecu-menical Patriarch Bartholomew of Constantinople has called the first Holy and Great Council of the various Christian Orthodox churches around the world since 787 CE. The Holy and Great Council is the first meeting of its kind in over a mil-lennium. The 14 Orthodox Christian Churches together have over 300 mil-lion followers around the world, includ-ing over a million Americans. These churches are self-governing but united by common dogma, faith, liturgy, and moral conviction, with the Ecumenical Patriarch serving as the ‘‘first among equals.’’ This meeting began on Sunday, June 19 and will continue through June 26. Three hundred and fifty leaders are at-tending this meeting where they will promote unity among the world’s Or-thodox believers. They will discuss key issues facing Orthodox Christians, in-cluding the church’s mission in today’s world, the Orthodox diaspora, and the relationship of Christian Orthodoxy with the rest of the Christian world. The Patriarch has a record of reach-ing out and working for peace and rec-onciliation among all faiths and has fostered dialogue among Christians, Jews, and Muslims. His All-Holiness has received awards from the United Nations, the United States, and other nations for providing moral leadership throughout modern history’s greatest tests. His efforts to convene this Holy and Great Council is a testament to his continued leadership at a time when it is greatly needed. After the September 11, 2001, attacks, the Patriarch orga-nized a gathering of religious leaders, including Muslim imams, to condemn the attacks as an anti-religious act. He was also the first Ecumenical Patri-arch to attend the inauguration of a pope. With so much suffering taking place around the world, we need people to come together, like they are in this historic meeting, to work together to advance our shared values. I commend and thank Ecumenical Patriarch Bar-tholomew for convening this Holy and Great Council of the Orthodox Chris-tian Churches in Crete, Greece. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, once again, Greece, the home of democracy, the home of the fundamental principle of religious freedom that democracy has come to represent here in America, is making history, this time on the Is-land of Crete where Ecumenical Patri-arch Bartholomew of Constantinople is leading a meeting of Orthodox Chris-tian Churches, the Holy and Great Council, that occurs only once in a mil-lennium. In fact, it has not happened since 787 CE, but it is happening now. The 3 million Orthodox Christians across America, from all 14 national ju-risdictions around the world with the largest number affiliated with the Greek Orthodox Church—the Church of the convener of the Council—Ecumeni-cal Patriarch Bartholomew, are fol-lowing this historic gathering with great anticipation. It is the charge of the Holy and Great Council to deal with internal church matters, but Orthodox Christians are also deeply concerned with the oppor-tunity this historic event presents for a wider ranging conversation about not only process within the confines of reli-gion, but the prospects for peace and prosperity it represents for all mem-bers of the church and for all people around the world. Orthodox Christians in America come from all walks of life and represent all opinions and points of view. They in-clude personalities well-known to all of us in this Chamber and beyond: ABC journalist and host of ‘‘Good Morning America,’’ George Stephanopoulos; Huffington Post creator Arianna Huff-ington; and sportscaster Bob Costas. In the political world, they include former Governor of Massachusetts and Democratic nominee for President Mike Dukakis; Hillary Clinton’s cam-paign chairman and former chief of staff to President Bill Clinton, John Podesta; and current Members of Con-gress—Representative D
INA TITUS of Nevada and N
IKITSONGAS of Massachu-setts, as well as Congressmen J
OHN S
ARBANES of Maryland and G USBILI-
RAKIS of Florida. These are all respected, talented, ac-complished Orthodox Christians whose faith and opinions are represented at the historic convocation of the Holy and Great Council. They are among the more than 1 million Greek Orthodox Americans who are led by their spir-itual head, Archbishop Demetrios, who presides over seven metropolitans with regional jurisdictions that serve on the local Holy Synod. The archbishop and his predecessors have played a promi-nent role in American life, culture, and history that has been part of the fabric of this Nation. We all remember the fa-mous civil rights march in Selma, AL, led by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., but we may not remember that at the march was also the late Archbishop Lakovos, marching shoulder-to-shoul-der with Dr. King. Greek Americans, hailing from 500 churches across this Nation, including many in my home State of New Jersey, believe deeply that this Holy and Great Council is a fateful gathering that can have a dramatic impact on their reli-gion and civilization for 1,000 more years, that the council’s deliberations will hold great meaning and great promise for a better life for all of us, for peace on this planet, and for the greater good of generations to come. They know and we in this Chamber know that the importance of Orthodox Christians will be measured not by the history made in Crete at this meeting, but the history Orthodox Christians around the world have already made. I join all of my colleagues in hoping for a successful and productive once in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.058 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4407 June 21, 2016 
a millennium session of the Holy and Great Council. I join with all of my Or-thodox Christian friends in New Jersey and around the world in celebrating this historic meeting. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. BEVERLY ‘‘JO’’ HARRIS Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and commend the outstanding career of Dr. Beverly ‘‘Jo’’ Harris, one of the State of West Vir-ginia’s most respected educators, on the occasion of her retirement. During her tenure as the first president of BridgeValley Community and Tech-nical College, Dr. Harris has shown tre-mendous passion and dedication to her students, colleagues, and her commu-nity. Her commitment to education has been an inspiration to many citi-zens of our State. Dr. Harris obtained her under-graduate degree from Concord College and a master’s degree from Marshall University. She then received a doc-toral degree in educational administra-tion from West Virginia University. Dr. Harris began her career in education at a proprietary school in Morgantown be-fore being hired by West Virginia Insti-tute of Technology in 1975 as an in-structor in the school’s newly created associate degree business program. She has continued to work in the same building in Montgomery throughout many changes to both the school and her role. Under Dr. Harris’s leadership, the school, formerly known as Bridgemont Community and Technical College, was nationally recognized as the fourth fastest growing small public 2-year col-lege of 2010, was a finalist for the 2011 Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence, and selected as one of 2013’s Top 50 Community Colleges in America according to ‘‘Washington Monthly.’’ Her efforts were later recognized when she received the WVCCA Leadership Award, the WVBEA Business Teacher of the Year award, and she was jointly named Upper Kanawha Valley Citizen of the Year, along with her husband, Carl. In addition to her official role as president, Dr. Harris has also served on the boards of the SMART 529 College Savings Program, WV Workforce De-velopment Council, New River Gorge Regional Development Authority, the Upper Kanawha Valley Economic De-velopment Corporation, Region 4 Plan-ning and Development Council, South Charleston Rotary, and the Fayette County and South Charleston cham-bers of commerce. I have had the pleasure of working with Jo throughout my time rep-resenting the state of West Virginia in Congress. I am proud to call her my friend and trusted colleague whose counsel will be missed. I am thankful for Dr. Harris’s dedication to West Vir-ginia’s higher education system and the many students she taught and mentored. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Beverly ‘‘Jo’’ Harris for her service. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF MOUNTAIN VIEW ELECTRIC ASSOCIATION ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Mountain View Elec-tric Association’s 75th anniversary. On December 6, 1940, Mountain View Elec-tric’s 249 original members filed for in-corporation of the cooperative. Since then, the company has provided power to Arapahoe, Crowley, Douglas, Elbert, El Paso, Lincoln, Pueblo, and Wash-ington counties in Colorado. Its terri-tory covers 5,000 square miles, powering homes, schools, churches, small businesses, and hospitals. For more than seven decades, Moun-tain View Electric has been an impor-tant source of electricity for many of Colorado’s rural counties. In par-ticular, the company has worked dili-gently to help the residents who lost their homes in the Black Forest Fire in 2013. In the wake of this devastation, Mountain View Electric worked to quickly restore service to the area, at no additional cost to the property own-ers. Rural electric cooperatives play an important role in communities around the United States, serving an esti-mated 42 million Americans. This busi-ness structure connects consumers di-rectly to the operations of the com-pany, keeping electricity prices afford-able. Electric cooperatives also con-tribute to development and growth across the country’s rural areas. I commend Mountain View Electric for its decades of service to rural Colo-rado. Congratulations again on this significant anniversary.∑ 
f 
TRICENTENNIAL OF GEORGETOWN, MAINE ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the town of George-town, ME, which is celebrating its 300th anniversary this month. This small, coastal town, with just over 1,000 inhabitants, has a long and proud history dating back to the 18th cen-tury, and I am pleased to join them in celebrating their tricentennial and honoring the town’s cherished place in the State of Maine. Nestled among one of the many in-lets of Maine’s rugged coastline near the mouth of the Kennebec River, Georgetown has a long and storied past dating back to the end of the 17th cen-tury. During the King Philip’s and King William’s wars in the late 1600s, the Kennebec River Valley was a war- torn and volatile area, but a small set-tlement emerged after the conflicts. In 1716, the town of Georgetown-on- Arrowsic was incorporated and has re-mained an iconic landmark on the Maine coast ever since. Today Georgetown is known for its picturesque landscape and quaint, smalltown feel. It is home to boat builders, fishermen, retirees, summer residents, and artists alike. Summer visitors can enjoy the town’s famous Reid State Park, historic lighthouses, and the many land preserves protected through the community’s dedication to preservation and environmental sus-tainability. Even when the winter comes and the summer residents leave, a cohesive and engaged year-round pop-ulation remains. The town and its citi-zens represent the best of Maine’s his-toric coastal villages: a close-knit and hard-working community surrounded by striking natural beauty. Led by its dedicated tricentennial committee, Georgetown will com-memorate its 300th anniversary with an all-day celebration on June 23. Scheduled events include the burying of a time capsule, a town parade, and presentation of special tricentennial products from local businesses and or-ganizations. These events mark the culmination of over a year of collabo-ration between local government, non-profits, and local businesses who have worked together to create a truly amazing celebration fitting of this tre-mendous milestone. I commend all that the people of Georgetown have done to make their town such a special place to live and visit. Their shared love for their home-town and commitment to its success has made Georgetown one of Maine’s greatest communities. I am proud to recognize this historic milestone and wish the town many more years of suc-cess.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES L. RICE ∑Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I wish to recognize a great American who has honorably served our country as presi-dent of the Uniformed Services Univer-sity of the Health Sciences, USU, in Bethesda, MD, on the campus of the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. Dr. Rice began his service at USU in 2005. During the past 11 years as presi-dent of the University, he also served for 6 months as Acting Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Health Affairs, March to August 2010. During his tenure, Dr. Rice has worked to improve the USU’s cur-riculum, research portfolio, external relationships, board, and physical plant. The results of these efforts are exhibited by the recent full accredita-tion of the School of Medicine and the Graduate School of Nursing. Dr. Rice recognizes the institution’s unique military and public health care mis-sions and has worked to ensure that lessons learned in a decade of conflict were incorporated into the curriculum and the fabric of the institution, along with the Department’s fundamental humanitarian mission. These impor-tant lessons include advances in trau-ma care, developing strong leadership skills among Military Health System officers, and increasing diversity in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.056 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4408 June 21, 2016 
medical corps of the three military services. Dr. Rice has collaborated closely with the leadership of the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and the leadership throughout the Military Health System. He has reached out to provide more support to the national network of Military Treatment Facili-ties to forge a ‘‘unity of effort.’’ Dr. Rice has also worked with the National Institutes of Health and other Federal agencies to advance education, re-search, and health care for our Na-tion’s military beneficiaries and civil-ian communities. As president, Dr. Rice founded the Post Graduate Dental College and cre-ated several new graduate degree pro-grams, including public health edu-cational activities. Through these ef-forts, Dr. Rice has helped USU to be-come a multidimensional health sciences university dedicated to ad-vancing the mission of the Military Health System. Prior to USU, Dr. Rice had a distin-guished career in academic medicine and public service. He served as vice chancellor for Health Affairs and vice dean of the College of Medicine, Uni-versity of Illinois at Chicago. Pre-viously, he was professor and chairman of surgery at University of Texas Southwestern. Dr. Rice also was a Rob-ert Woods Johnson Fellow for former majority leader Senator Tom Daschle from 1991 to 1992. Dr. Rice was professor and vice chair-man, University of Washington Depart-ment of Surgery. Before that, he was director of the intensive care unit at Michael Reese Hospital and Medical Center in Chicago. Prior to Michael Reese Hospital, Dr. Rice was assistant professor of surgery at the Pritzker School of Medicine, University of Chi-cago. Dr. Rice has had extensive train-ing with the U.S. Navy Medical Corps in Bethesda and in San Diego. Dr. Rice has deep experience with the Nation’s civilian academic health com-munity and the Military Health Sys-tem. He has brought this knowledge to benefit the USU, and he leaves it a bet-ter place. I wish to commend Dr. Rice for his service to the Uniformed Serv-ices University and to the Nation. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN DONNELLY ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Ryan Donnelly, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Ryan is a graduate of South Dakota State University in Brookings, SD, having earned a degree in agricultural business. This fall, Ryan will attend the University of South Dakota to pur-sue a master’s degree in business ad-ministration. Ryan is a dedicated worker who has been committed to get-ting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Ryan Donnelly for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO LANE HASKELL ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Lane Haskell, an intern in my Rapid City, SD, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Lane is a graduate of St. Thomas More High School in Rapid City, SD. Currently, Lane is attending the Uni-versity of Notre Dame where he is ma-joring in Spanish and political science. Lane is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Lane Haskell for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GRAYSON KIELHOLD ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Grayson Kielhold, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Grayson is a graduate of O’Gorman High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Cur-rently, Grayson is attending the Uni-versity of Nebraska-Lincoln where he is majoring in marketing. Grayson is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Grayson Kielhold for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STERLING NIELSEN ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Sterling Nielsen, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Sterling is a graduate of St. Olaf Col-lege in Northfield, MN, having earned a degree in economics. Currently, Ster-ling is attending the University of South Dakota School of Law. Sterling is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Sterling Nielsen for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BEN ROGERS ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Ben Rogers, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Ben is a graduate of O’Gorman High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Currently, Ben is attending Creighton University where he is majoring in economics and political science. Ben is a dedicated worker who has been committed to get-ting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Ben Rogers for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING BOBBY JOHNSON EQUIPMENT COMPANY, INC. ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small businesses and entrepreneurs are known for their toughness and can-do attitude, understanding full well the importance of quality equipment and services to get jobs done right the first time. For their commitment to pro-viding north Louisiana and the sur-rounding Ark-La-Tex region with the heavy machinery to keep the region moving, this week I am glad to an-nounce Bobby Johnson Equipment Company, Inc., of Oil City, LA, as Small Business of the Week. In 1973, Bobby Johnson opened his namesake equipment company in Oil City, LA, with the goal of serving the tristate Ark-La-Tex region with qual-ity heavy equipment products and serv-ices. With a staff boasting over 100 combined years of engine and mechan-ical experience, Bobby Johnson Equip-ment quickly grew in sales and cus-tomer satisfaction. As a family-owned and operated truck dealer, Mr. Johnson and his employees work directly with Ark-La-Tex companies to provide heavy duty trucks, truck parts, trail-ers, and equipment. Today Bobby Johnson Equipment Company has become one of north Lou-isiana’s largest suppliers of new and used parts and services, servicing the transportation, construction, and oil and natural gas industries. Conven-iently located in Louisiana’s northwest region, Bobby Johnson Equipment Company provides services to folks in and around Little Rock, AR, Tulsa, OK, Jackson, MS, and Dallas, Fort Worth, and Houston, TX, in addition to their far-reaching online sales operation. Congratulations again to Bobby Johnson Equipment Company, Inc., for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and I look forward to your con-tinued growth and success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING H2O, INC. ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-isiana is blessed to have an abundance of natural resources, and as a result, many folks work in the energy indus-try. In terms of creating jobs and sup-plying oil and gas, offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico provides a lot for families and businesses across the State, as well as the Nation. For those working on the offshore rigs, safety is always a priority. As we approach the sixth anniversary of the Deepwater Ho-rizon oil spill that took the lives of 11 men and devastated our coasts, we must absolutely make sure the workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.055 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4409 June 21, 2016 
out there are taken care of. One impor-tant aspect is ensuring they have reli-able clean drinking water and sewage systems. This week, I would like to recognize H2O, Inc., from Lafayette, LA, as Small Business of the Week, for supporting Louisiana’s offshore and marine industries by providing them with crucial water treatment solu-tions. One of the key issues facing the crews on offshore oil rigs is access to clean and safe potable water, and in 1980, H2O used their southwest Lou-isiana ties to provide desalination units to the offshore and gas market. H2O grew considerably when it started producing marine and offshore potable water, sewage, and electrochlorination systems for companies all around the world. With this new range of products, H2O was able to provide more job op-portunities and currently has many employees on staff. In 2013, H2O ac-quired Owens Manufacturing and Spe-cialty Company, which allowed them to venture into the offshore waste-water treatment market. Just last fall, H2O brought in PEPCON systems in order to strengthen their electrochlorination services. Today H2O is known as the region’s leading water system equipment provider and even holds patents. Congratulations again to H2O for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and thank you for your commit-ment to providing clean water treat-ment solutions to folks in the Gulf of Mexico and around the world. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING JESCO ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, it is no secret that, among the many pressing issues facing our Nation, updating our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure is one of the most important. Roads and bridges are quite literally the founda-tion of our daily lives, and those of us in Louisiana certainly recognize the importance of upgrading and maintain-ing our highways and levees. One small business based out of Jennings, LA, has been working to improve our State’s infrastructure, and I would like to rec-ognize JESCO as Small Business of the Week for their important progress sup-porting some of Louisiana’s biggest in-frastructure and environmental projects. In 1994, a group of Louisiana-based professional engineers and scientists established JESCO to provide engineer-ing, construction, disaster preparation and response, and environmental serv-ices to local and State governments along the Gulf Coast, as well as Federal agencies. Lead by Ms. Alvinette Teal, an experienced geologist and graduate of Louisiana State University, JESCO is a federally certified, woman-owned small business. Over the last 22 years, JESCO has worked on some of Louisiana’s vitally important water infrastructure projects, including necessary coastal restoration efforts. Louisiana’s coast-line play an important role in pro-tecting our coastal communities from natural disasters, and coastal restora-tion is among our State’s highest pri-orities. The engineers and scientists at JESCO have also worked on projects testing the salinity for levee construc-tion materials, which in Louisiana is vital to building levees that will pro-tect families, businesses, and homes during a storm. Additionally, JESCO has been contracted for soil and ground water remediation efforts in Breaux Bridge, LA, and hurricane and disaster management for Hurricane Ike. Small businesses like JECSO are leading the way to improve our infra-structure and better protect our fami-lies, homes, and businesses. Congratu-lations to JESCO of Jennings, LA, for being selected as this week’s Small Business of the Week, and I look for-ward to your continued growth and success.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the president of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13466 OF JUNE 26, 2008, WITH RE-SPECT TO NORTH KOREA—PM 52 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, expanded in scope in Executive Order 13551 of Au-gust 30, 2010, addressed further in Exec-utive Order 13570 of April 18, 2011, fur-ther expanded in scope in Executive Order 13687 of January 2, 2015, and under which additional steps were taken in Executive Order 13722 of March 15, 2016, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2016. The existence and risk of prolifera-tion of weapons-usable fissile material on the Korean Peninsula; the actions and policies of the Government of North Korea that destabilize the Ko-rean Peninsula and imperil U.S. Armed Forces, allies, and trading partners in the region, including its pursuit of nu-clear and missile programs; and other provocative, destabilizing, and repres-sive actions and policies of the Govern-ment of North Korea, continue to con-stitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. For this reason, I have deter-mined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to North Korea. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 21, 2016. 
f 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13219 OF JUNE 26, 2001, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE WESTERN BAL-KANS—PM 53 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2016. The threat constituted by the actions of persons engaged in, or assisting, sponsoring, or supporting (i) extremist violence in the Republic of Macedonia and elsewhere in the Western Balkans region, or (ii) acts obstructing imple-mentation of the Dayton Accords in Bosnia and Herzegovina or United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 1244 of June 10, 1999, in Kosovo, has not been resolved. In addition, Executive Order 13219 was amended by Executive Order 13304 of May 28, 2003, to take ad-ditional steps with respect to acts ob-structing implementation of the Ohrid Framework Agreement of 2001 relating to Macedonia. Because the acts of extremist vio-lence and obstructionist activity out-lined in these Executive Orders are hostile to U.S. interests and continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States, I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.052 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4410 June 21, 2016 
determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared with respect to the Western Balkans. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 21, 2016. 
f 
PRIVILEGED NOMINATIONS REFERRED TO COMMITTEE On request by Senator H
ATCH , under the authority of S. Res. 116, 112th Con-gress, the following nominations were referred to the Committee on Finance: 
Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Fed-eral Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. (Reappoint-ment) Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. (Re-appointment) Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Fed-eral Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. (Reappointment) 
The following requests for referral were submitted on Monday, June 20, 2016. On request by Senator S
CHUMER , Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE , and Senator W AR-
REN, under the authority of S. Res. 116, 112th Congress, the following nomina-tions were referred to the Committee on Finance: 
Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. (Re-appointment) Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for a term of four years. (Reappointment) Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. (Reappointment) f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 2816. A bill to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program (Rept. No. 114– 284). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 3078. A bill to increase portability of and access to retirement savings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. TESTER: S. 3079. A bill to improve the management of the Federal coal leasing program; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 3080. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain ex-changed non-public lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. KIRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. J OHN-
SON): S. 3081. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide certain employees of members of Congress with access to case- tracking information of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. Res. 504. A resolution recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Fulbright Program; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. C OTTON ): S. Res. 505. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding compliance en-forcement of Russian violations of the Open Skies Treaty; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Res. 506. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the NATO summit to be held in Warsaw, Poland from July 8–9, 2016, and in support of committing NATO to a security posture capable of deter-ring threats to the Alliance; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 507. A resolution designating July 8, 2016, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and res-toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 122, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from approved pharmacies in Canada. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physi-cian assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Se-curity Policy and Campus Crime Sta-tistics Act to combat campus sexual vi-olence, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans dur-ing World War II. 
S. 1735 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1735, a bill to modernize the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1766, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the dis-charge characterization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2230 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2230, a bill to require the Secretary of State to submit a report to Congress on the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist or-ganization, and for other purposes. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early de-tection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.006 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4411 June 21, 2016 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2622 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2622, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide comprehensive mental health reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 2854 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2854, a bill to reauthorize the Em-mett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-en-abled collaborative learning and capac-ity building models to improve pro-grams of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2890 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2890, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of Christa McAuliffe. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ac-countability of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to im-prove health care and benefits for vet-erans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3023 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3023, a bill to provide for the reconsideration of claims for dis-ability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experiments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on people, and for other purposes. S. 3032 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3032, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2016, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. M
CCAIN, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3032, supra. 
S. 3056 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3056, a bill to provide for certain causes of action relating to delays of generic drugs and biosimilar biological products. 
S. 3060 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3060, a bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan require-ments for qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangements. 
S. CON. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 35, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regard-ing the Israeli-Palestinian peace proc-ess. 
S. CON. RES. 38 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 38, a concurrent resolution reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan relations. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 432, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 482 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 482, a resolution urging the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and to increase pressure on the organi-zation and its members to the fullest extent possible. At the request of Mrs. S
HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 482, supra. S. RES. 503 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 503, a resolution recognizing June 20, 2016, as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 4689 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4689 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appro-priations for the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4732 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4732 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4762 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4762 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4783 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4783 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4787 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 4787 proposed to H.R. 2578, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.010 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4412 June 21, 2016 
Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4787 proposed to H.R. 2578, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 3078. A bill to increase portability of and access to retirement savings, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today Senator W
ARREN and I have joined to-gether to introduce the Retirement Savings Lost and Found Act. This im-portant piece of legislation is critical to addressing key issues that exist in the regulatory framework for retire-ment plans. Montanans are conservative folks who know the value of a hard-earned dollar. With the poor economic recov-ery and slow wage growth, working Montanans cannot afford to have money withheld from their paychecks and placed into retirement accounts, only to lose track of those accounts or have their retirement plans decline over time due to limitations placed on investment options. Now more than ever, our country needs the best laws to usher everyday Americans into a sound retirement. Working Americans are losing hard- earned dollars up until the time when they need it most—their retirement. When an employee leaves a job, it is often hard for them to keep track of their retirement accounts during these transitional times. Our bill is a com-monsense approach that will empower individuals to take control of their re-tirement futures. The Retirement Sav-ings Lost and Found Act will allow Montanans to be that much more pre-pared to spend their golden years well with friends and family by providing a means to locate lost retirement ac-counts and allow better investment op-tions to ensure those investments grow rather than erode over time. I appreciate the work of Senator W
ARREN on completion of this impor-tant bill. Together, we can help indi-viduals make the most of their retire-ment options by providing sound policy that has the potential to save billions over the years for those among us who need it most. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 3080. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, Cali-fornia, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to ac-cept in return certain exchanged non- public lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce the Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act. This legislation directs the transfer of land between the San Bernardino Val-ley Water Conservation District, the District, and the Bureau of Land Man-agement in San Bernardino, California, BLM. The bill is the culmination of years of collaboration between numerous fed-eral and state agencies, private indus-try and municipalities representing mining, flood control, water supply and wildlife conservation, among other in-terests. Included among the supporters of this land exchange are: County of San Bernardino; City of Redlands; City of Highland; San Bernardino Water Con-servation District; San Bernardino Val-ley Municipal Water District; East Val-ley Water District; Endangered Habi-tats League; CEMEX Construction Ma-terials Pacific; Robertson’s Ready Mix; and Inland Action. In 1993, representatives from this di-verse group formed the ‘‘Wash Com-mittee’’ to address mining issues in the upper Santa Ana River wash area. The role of the Committee subse-quently expanded in 1997 to consider the broad range of land uses in the area, including natural resource con-servation. The Wash Committee developed a strategy that focused on ‘‘best uses’’ for more comprehensive planning and not focusing on private property boundaries that would segment the area. The result is a project expected to produce a Land Management and Habitat Conservation Plan covering 4,500 acres. The land exchange takes place in a designated region within the Santa Ana Wash, at the junction of the Santa Ana River and Mill Creek. Currently, land within the Santa Ana Wash is owned by both the District and BLM. The land parcels owned by the Dis-trict are currently used for recharging the local groundwater aquifer through the use of more than 77 basins, and also provide rare Riversidian sage scrub habitat for a number of State and fed-erally listed species. In addition, under this plan, new land would be set aside for conservation purposes near land al-ready managed by BLM. The exchange of land between the District and BLM will connect a cur-rent patchwork of separately owned land parcels into a consolidated open space for conservation purposes and will optimize mining efficiency and water conservation efforts. The land transfer resulting from this legislation will lead to more protection efforts for habitat, improved connectivity in the wildlife corridor, expanded groundwater recharge for water supply, and the future establish-ment of public access and trails. Additionally, the legislation will allow the continued use of land and mineral resources while maintaining the biological and hydrological re-sources of the area in an environ-mentally sensitive manner. I want to applaud diverse members of the Wash Committee that worked to-gether, including the Cities of Highland and Redlands, East Valley Water Dis-trict, the County of San Bernardino, Robertson’s Ready Mix, CEMEX, the San Bernardino Valley Municipal Water District, and the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, along with the Federal, State and local stakeholders for their continued work on the Wash Plan. This group has demonstrated that while it takes significant time, funding and cooperation, it is possible to simul-taneously protect the environment and support local jobs, business and com-munity interests. I would also like to thank my col-leagues, Representatives PETEAGUILAR  and P
AULCOOK, for introducing similar legislation in the House. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass the Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 504—RECOG-NIZING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FULBRIGHT PROGRAM Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 504 Whereas August 1, 2016, marks the 70th an-niversary of President Harry S. Truman signing into law the Act of August 1, 1946 (60 Stat. 754, chapter 723) (commonly known as the ‘‘Fulbright Act of 1946’’); Whereas the Fulbright Program was estab-lished by Senator James William Fulbright of Arkansas for the ‘‘promotion of inter-national good will through the exchange of students in the fields of education, culture, and science’’; Whereas the Fulbright Program is spon-sored by the Bureau of Educational and Cul-tural Affairs of the Department of State; Whereas the Fulbright Program provides approximately 8,000 grants annually and, as of 2016, operates in more than 160 countries, including 50 that have established cost-shar-ing binational commissions; Whereas approximately 1,300 institutions of higher education in the United States, both public and private, host students at home and send scholars abroad; Whereas current Fulbright students and scholars hail from all 50 States and 2 United States territories, and approximately a quar-ter are from minority or underrepresented populations; Whereas more than 370,000 individuals from across the globe have benefitted from this unique opportunity; Whereas alumni of the Fulbright Program include 54 Nobel Prize laureates, 82 recipi-ents of the Pulitzer Prize, 33 heads of state, 16 Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients, 8 members of the United States Congress, and a former Secretary-General of the United Nations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.011 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4413 June 21, 2016 
Whereas, on April 21, 2016, an American Elm was planted on the grounds of the United States Capitol in recognition of the 70th anniversary of the Fulbright Program; and Whereas the Fulbright Program promotes United States higher education abroad and remains a valuable diplomatic tool: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 70th anniversary of the Fulbright Program; (2) encourages the President and the Sec-retary of State to work with the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs of the De-partment of State to support the work of the Fulbright Program; (3) congratulates all past and present re-cipients of Fulbright awards; and (4) calls on students, scholars, and profes-sionals around the world to seek out oppor-tunities to engage with each other and pro-mote international good will. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today, along with Senator L
EAHY , I submit a resolution recognizing the 70th Anni-versary of the Fulbright Program. On August 1, 1946, President Harry S. Truman signed into law legislation au-thored by Senator James William Ful-bright of Arkansas, creating a program that used the proceeds from selling sur-plus war property to fund international exchanges between the United States and other countries. Senator Fulbright’s program has gone on to be-come the largest education exchange program in history, and still works to ‘‘promote peace and mutual under-standing’’ around the world. Counted among its more than 370,000 alumni are 82 Pulitzer Prize recipients, 54 Nobel Prize laureates, and 33 heads of states. In the aftermath of World War II, Senator Fulbright understood that in-dividual exchanges and person to per-son interactions are the best way to build a deep abiding understanding of other cultures and to promote peace. Today, as violence and intolerance grow across the globe, I believe the Fulbright program remains a beacon of hope for a better future. The academic and cultural opportunities provided to participants in the program ensure that ‘‘international good will through the exchange of students in the fields of education, culture, and science’’ con-tinues to grow when it is so sorely needed. I believe that you change the world through personal relationships, and am very proud as an Arkansan and an American of the success of the Ful-bright exchange. I would like to thank the Fulbright Program, the staff at the Institute of International Education who administer the program, the Ful-bright Association, and the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs at the State Department for their incredible work over the last 70 years. SENATE RESOLUTION 505—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING COMPLI-ANCE ENFORCEMENT OF RUS-SIAN VIOLATIONS OF THE OPEN SKIES TREATY Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. CARDIN , and Mr. C OTTON ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 505 Whereas the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002 (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’), which established a regime for unarmed aerial ob-servation flights over the entire territory of its participants, is one of the most wide- ranging international efforts to date to pro-mote openness and transparency of military forces and activities; Whereas the United States Government has declared that strengthening and main-taining European security is a top priority for the United States, that the Open Skies Treaty is a key element of the Euro-Atlantic security architecture, and that arms control is a key part of that effort because robust multilateral conventional arms control ar-rangements contribute to a more stable and secure European continent; Whereas, according to Secretary of State James Baker, addressing the Open Skies Conference in 1990, the end of the Cold War gave the Open Skies Treaty new importance as a stabilizing factor in East-West relations, openness and transparency in military mat-ters offered ‘‘the most direct path to greater predictability and reduced risk of inad-vertent war,’’ and Open Skies Treaty was thus ‘‘potentially the most ambitious meas-ure to build confidence ever undertaken’’; Whereas, according to the President’s let-ter of submittal for the Open Skies Treaty provided to Congress by the Secretary of State on August 12, 1992, it is the purpose of the Open Skies Treaty to promote openness and transparency of military forces and ac-tivities and to enhance mutual under-standing and confidence by giving States Party a direct role in gathering information about military forces and activities of con-cern to them; Whereas, according to the Report on Ad-herence to and Compliance with Arms Con-trol, Nonproliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments published by the Department of State on April 11, 2016 (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘2016 Com-pliance Report’’), the Russian Federation ‘‘continues not to meet its obligations [under the Open Skies Treaty] to allow effec-tive observation of its entire territory, rais-ing serious compliance concerns’’; Whereas, according to the 2016 Compliance Report, Russian conduct giving rise to com-pliance concerns has continued since the Open Skies Treaty entered into force in 2002 and worsened in 2010, 2014, and 2015; and Whereas, according to the 2016 Compliance Report, ongoing efforts by the United States and other States Party to the Open Skies Treaty to address these concerns through dialogue with the Russian Federation ‘‘have not resolved any of the compliance con-cerns.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) restrictions upon the ability of Open Skies Treaty aircraft to overfly all portions of the territory of a State Party impede openness and transparency of military forces and activities and undermine mutual under-standing and confidence, especially when coupled with an ongoing refusal to address compliance concerns raised by other States Party subject to such restrictions; (2) it is essential to the accomplishment of the purpose of the Open Skies Treaty that Open Skies Treaty aircraft be able to observe the entire territory of a State Party in a timely and reciprocal manner as provided for under the Open Skies Treaty; (3) the Russian Federation’s restrictions upon the ability of Open Skies Treaty air-craft to overfly all portions of the territory of the Russian Federation constitute viola-tions of the Open Skies Treaty; and (4) for so long as the Russian Federation remains in noncompliance with the Open Skies Treaty, the United States should take such measures as are necessary to bring about the Russian Federation’s return to full compliance with its treaty obligations, in-cluding, as appropriate, through the imposi-tion of restrictions upon Russian overflights of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 506—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE IN SUPPORT OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY OR-GANIZATION AND THE NATO SUMMIT TO BE HELD IN WAR-SAW, POLAND FROM JULY 8–9, 2016, AND IN SUPPORT OF COM-MITTING NATO TO A SECURITY POSTURE CAPABLE OF DETER-RING THREATS TO THE ALLI-ANCE Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 506 Whereas the North Atlantic Treaty, signed April 4, 1949, in Washington, District of Co-lumbia, which created the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (‘‘NATO’’), proclaims: ‘‘[Members] are determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage and civilisation of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law. They seek to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area. They are resolved to unite their efforts for collec-tive defence and for the preservation of peace and security.’’; Whereas NATO has been the backbone of the European security architecture for 67 years, evolving to meet the changing trans-atlantic geopolitical and security environ-ment; Whereas NATO continues its mission in Af-ghanistan following the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States; Whereas, at the NATO Wales Summit in September 2014, NATO reaffirmed the Alli-ance’s role in transatlantic security and its ability to respond to emerging security threats and challenges; Whereas Alliance members at the NATO Wales Summit defined the new security par-adigm when they stated, ‘‘Russia’s aggres-sive actions against Ukraine have fundamen-tally challenged our vision of a Europe whole, free, and at peace. Growing insta-bility in our southern neighborhood, from the Middle East to North Africa, as well as transnational and multi-dimensional threats, are also challenging our security. These can all have long-term consequences for peace and security in the Euro-Atlantic region and stability across the globe.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.016 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4414 June 21, 2016 
Whereas, at the 2014 NATO Wales Summit, Alliance members addressed this changed se-curity environment by committing to en-hancing readiness and collective defense; in-creasing defense spending and boosting mili-tary capabilities; and improving NATO sup-port for partner countries through the De-fense Capacity Building Initiative; Whereas, although Article 14 of the Wales Declaration calls on all members of the alli-ance to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on de-fense within a decade, currently only five members are achieving that target; Whereas, after the 2014 Wales Summit, the Russian military invaded Ukraine, adding Crimea to the list of areas illegally con-trolled by Moscow, including Georgia’s Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions; Whereas Russian-backed separatists in Eastern Ukraine continue to destabilize the region with support from the Government of the Russian Federation; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues to undertake provoca-tive, unprofessional, and dangerous actions towards NATO air and naval forces and con-tinues to exercise hybrid warfare capabilities against member and nonmember states along its western borders; Whereas Poland and the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are on the frontlines of renewed Russian aggression and hybrid warfare, including disinformation campaigns, cyber threats, and snap military exercises along the Alliance’s eastern flank; Whereas President Barack Obama proposed a quadrupling of the European Reassurance Initiative in fiscal year 2017 to $3,400,000,000 in order to enhance the United States com-mitment to NATO, to support Europe’s de-fense, and to deter further Russian aggres-sion; Whereas the cornerstone of NATO’s collec-tive defense initiative is the Readiness Ac-tion Plan, intended to enable a continuous NATO military presence on the Alliance’s periphery, especially its easternmost states, which includes enhanced troop rotations, military exercises, and the establishment of a Very High Readiness Task Force; Whereas, in follow-up to commitments made at the NATO Wales Summit, NATO and the Government of Georgia agreed on a ‘‘Substantial Package’’ of cooperation and defense reform initiatives to strengthen Georgia’s resilience and self-defense capa-bilities and develop closer security coopera-tion and interoperability with NATO mem-bers, including through the establishment of the Joint Training and Evaluation Center, which was inaugurated in 2015; Whereas the threat of transnational ter-rorism has resulted in attacks in Turkey, France, Belgium, and the United States, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) continues to pose a real and evolving threat to member states, other countries in Europe, and the broader international com-munity; Whereas the migration crisis from the Syr-ian civil war, the conflict in Afghanistan, and economic and humanitarian crises in Af-rica have placed a great strain on member states; Whereas the NATO summit in Warsaw, Po-land, is an opportunity to enhance and more deeply entrench those principles and build on our collective security, which continue to bind the Alliance together and guide our ef-forts today; and Whereas, on May 19, 2016, Foreign Min-isters of NATO member states signed an Ac-cession Protocol to officially endorse and le-gally move forward Montenegro’s member-ship in the Alliance, which, consistent with NATO’s ‘‘Open Door policy’’, would indeed further the principles of the North Atlantic Treaty and contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the service of the brave men and women who have served to safeguard the freedom and security of the United States and the whole of the transatlantic alliance; (2) encourages Alliance members at the NATO Warsaw Summit to promote unity and solidarity, and to ensure a robust security posture capable of deterring any potential adversary, in the face of the complex and changing security environment confronting the Alliance on its eastern, northern, and southern fronts; (3) urges all NATO members to invest at least two percent of GDP in defense spending and carry an equitable burden in supporting the resource requirements and defense capa-bilities of the Alliance; (4) reaffirms its commitment to NATO’s collective security as guaranteed by Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty; (5) recognizes Georgia’s troop contribu-tions to missions abroad, its robust defense spending, and its ongoing efforts to strength-en its democratic and military institutions for NATO accession; and (6) recognizes the ongoing work of NATO’s Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan, with 12,000 troops advising and assisting Af-ghanistan’s security ministries, and army and police commands across the country. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 507—DESIG-NATING JULY 8, 2016, AS COL-LECTOR CAR APPRECIATION DAY AND RECOGNIZING THAT THE COLLECTION AND RESTORATION OF HISTORIC AND CLASSIC CARS IS AN IMPORTANT PART OF PRE-SERVING THE TECHNOLOGICAL ACHIEVEMENTS AND CULTURAL HERITAGE OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 507 Whereas many people in the United States maintain classic automobiles as a pastime and do so with great passion and as a means of individual expression; Whereas the Senate recognizes the effect that the more than 100-year history of the automobile has had on the economic progress of the United States and supports wholeheartedly all activities involved in the restoration and exhibition of classic auto-mobiles; Whereas the collection, restoration, and preservation of automobiles is an activity shared across generations and across all seg-ments of society; Whereas thousands of local car clubs and related businesses have been instrumental in preserving a historic part of the heritage of the United States by encouraging the res-toration and exhibition of such vintage works of art; Whereas automotive restoration provides well-paying, high-skilled jobs for people in all 50 States; and Whereas automobiles have provided the in-spiration for music, photography, cinema, fashion, and other artistic pursuits that have become part of the popular culture of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 8, 2016, as ‘‘Collector Car Appreciation Day’’; (2) recognizes that the collection and res-toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to engage in events and commemora-tions of Collector Car Appreciation Day that create opportunities for collector car owners to educate young people about the impor-tance of preserving the cultural heritage of the United States, including through the col-lection and restoration of collector cars. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4791. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4792. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4793. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4794. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4795. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4796. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4797. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4798. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4799. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4800. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4801. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4802. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4803. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.019 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4415 June 21, 2016 
SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4804. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4805. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4806. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4807. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4808. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4809. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4810. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4811. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4812. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4813. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4814. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K ING, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4815. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4816. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4815 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4817. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4818. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4817 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4819. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4820. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4819 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4821. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4822. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4821 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4823. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4824. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4823 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4825. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4826. Mr. REID submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4825 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4827. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4828. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4829. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4830. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4831. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4832. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4833. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4834. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4688 submitted by Mr. W
YDEN and in- tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4835. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4836. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4837. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4838. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4839. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4840. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4841. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4842. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4843. Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4844. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4845. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4846. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4847. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4848. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4849. Mr. BURR (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4850. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4851. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.021 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4416 June 21, 2016 
SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4852. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mrs. E
RNST ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1777, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, com-monly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. SA 4853. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2736, to improve access to durable medical equip-ment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4791. Mr. COATS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 80, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated or made available under the heading ‘‘N
ATIONAL  S
CIENCE FOUNDATION ’’ under the heading ‘‘SCIENCE’’ under this title to award re-search grants may be made available to in-crease the transparency, to the maximum extent practicable, of any grant application submitted by a recipient of such grant, pro-vided that doing so does not compromise in-tellectual property, competitive advantage, or the privacy of such recipients or other in-dividuals associated with the grant. 
SA 4792. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a fully docu-mented report that includes the following: (1) A list of the specific actions the Admin-istrator will implement through 2021 to pro-mote the recovery of the Sacramento River winter-run Chinook salmon and the basis for such actions. (2) An evaluation of the causes of salmon mortality rates in 2014 and 2015 in the Sac-ramento River and a description of activities to be carried out to address such mortality. (3) An evaluation of the reliability of data from rotary-screw traps and other facilities at Red Bluff Diversion Dam used to evaluate the year-class strength of Sacramento River winter-run Chinook salmon and an assess-ment of the potential benefits of increasing data collection further upstream on the Sac-ramento River and during high flow events. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Commis-sioner of the Bureau of Reclamation a fully documented plan to carry out the actions and activities described in subsection (a). SA 4793. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ADDITION OF RHODE ISLAND TO THE MID-ATLANTIC FISHERY MANAGE-MENT COUNCIL. 
Section 302(a)(1)(B) of the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Rhode Island,’’ after ‘‘States of’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘Rhode Island,’’ after ‘‘ex-cept North Carolina,’’; (3) by striking ‘‘21’’ and inserting ‘‘23’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘13’’ and inserting ‘‘14’’. 
SA 4794. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds in this Act shall be provided to the Mid-Atlantic Fish-ery Management Council to prepare a fishery management plan or amendment or to take other action that does not include the full participation, including in votes of the Coun-cil, of the principal official with marine fish-ery management responsibility (or a des-ignee) for the State of Rhode Island and one additional representative designated by the Secretary of Commerce from among at least three qualified individuals recommended by Governor of the State of Rhode Island. 
SA 4795. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5, line 13, insert ‘‘: Provided, That of the grants awarded through such section 27, funds shall be awarded to university incu-bators eligible to participate in the Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research of the National Science Founda-tion’’ after ‘‘27’’. 
SA 4796. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. SHELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 80, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. (a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) conducting deep space exploration re-quires radioisotope power systems, such as thermoelectric and Stirling generators and converters; (2) establishing continuity in the produc-tion of the material needed to power such ra-dioisotope power systems is paramount to the success of future deep space missions; and (3) Federal agencies supporting the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion through the production of the material described in paragraph (2) should do so in a cost effective manner so as not to impose ex-cessive reimbursement requirements on the Administration. (b) A
NALYSIS OF REQUIREMENTS AND  R
ISKS.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, in consultation with the heads of other Federal agencies, shall con-duct an analysis of— (1) the requirements of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration for radio-isotope power system material that is needed to carry out planned, high priority robotic missions in the solar system and other sur-face exploration activities beyond low-Earth orbit; and (2) the risks to missions of the Administra-tion in meeting those requirements, or any additional requirements, due to a lack of adequate radioisotope power system mate-rial. (c) C
ONTENTS OF ANALYSIS .—The analysis conducted under subsection (b) shall— (1) detail the current projected mission re-quirements and associated timeframes for radioisotope power systems and radioisotope power system material; (2) explain the assumptions used to deter-mine the requirements of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration for the material, including— (A) the planned use of advanced thermal conversion technology, such as advanced thermocouples and Stirling generators and converters; and (B) the risks and implications of, and con-tingencies for, any delays or unanticipated technical challenges affecting or related to the mission plans of the Administration for the anticipated use of advanced thermal con-version technology; (3) assess the risk to the programs of the Administration of any potential delays in achieving the schedule and milestones for planned domestic production of radioisotope power system material; (4) outline a process for meeting any addi-tional Administration requirements for the material; (5) estimate the incremental costs required to increase the amount of material produced each year, if such an increase is needed to support additional Administration require-ments for the material; (6) detail how the Administration and other Federal agencies will manage, operate, and fund production facilities and the design 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.022 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4417 June 21, 2016 
and development of all radioisotope power systems used by the Administration and other Federal agencies as necessary; (7) specify the steps the Administrator will take, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, to preserve the infrastructure and workforce necessary for production of radio-isotope power systems and ensure that Ad-ministration reimbursements to the Depart-ment of Energy associated with such preser-vation are equitable and justified; (8) identify the steps the Administrator will take to preserve taxpayer investment to date in Advanced Stirling Convertor tech-nology; and (9) detail how the Administrator has imple-mented or rejected the recommendations of the National Research Council in the 2009 re-port titled ‘‘Radioisotope Power Systems: An Imperative for Maintaining U.S. Leadership in Space Exploration’’. (d) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration shall transmit the results of the analysis con-ducted under subsection (b) to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4797. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) The Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shall ensure that the Administration re-sponds in a timely manner to a request from Congress or the Congressional Budget Office, including a response to questions for the record, a letter from a Member of Congress, a request for technical assistance, or views on legislation. (b) The Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit to Congress an annual report on the requests for information submitted to the Administration during the previous year and the timeliness of responses to such requests. Each such report shall include— (1) the number of such requests made by members of Congress or the Congressional Budget Office and the response time for each such request; and (2) the number of such requests made under section 552 of title 5 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’) and the response time for each such request. 
SA 4798. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 68, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: S
EC. 218. (a) I NGENERAL .— None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Tax Division of the Department of Justice to investigate, liti-gate, or pursue any other tax enforcement action against any person found to be delin-quent in paying a tax on any amount income which would be includible in gross income by reasons of the discharge (in whole or in part) of any loan described in the subsection (b) if such discharge was — (1) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan liability), (2) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or (3) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. (b) LOANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subsection if such loan is— (1) a student loan (as defined in section 108(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), or (2) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protec-tion Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))). 
SA 4799. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. No funds made available by this Act may be expended from the amounts appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, to pay final judgments, awards, compromise settlements, or interest or costs specified in the judgments or other-wise authorized by law if such payment is otherwise provided for, including expendi-tures that Congress has otherwise limited or restricted. 
SA 4800. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF SUNSET OF TITLE VII OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 403 of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 122 Stat. 2474) is amended by striking sub-section (b). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 404 of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking subsection (b). 
SA 4801. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY FOR ROVING SURVEIL-LANCE UNDER THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 102(b)(1) of the USA PATRIOT Im-provement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 50 U.S.C. 1805 note, 50 U.S.C. 1861 note, and 50 U.S.C. 1862 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and section 105(c)(2) read as they’’ and inserting ‘‘reads as it’’. 
SA 4802. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ACCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS RECORDS COLLECTED UNDER THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEIL-LANCE ACT OF 1978 PRIOR TO NO-VEMBER 29, 2015. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of the National Security Agency shall have access to all business records collected under sec-tion 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861) prior to No-vember 29, 2015, in the same manner and for the same purposes that the Director had ac-cess to such records prior to such date. (b) R
EQUIREMENT TOMAINTAIN BUSINESS  R
ECORDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Director of the National Se-curity Agency shall maintain each business record referred to in subsection (a) for the 5- year period beginning on the date that such record was acquired under section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861). (c) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—The authority for access to business records under subsection (a) shall be in effect during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4803. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 11, strike line 9 and all that follows through ‘‘$119,000,000’’ on page 12, line 8, and insert the following For necessary expenses of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $680,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’: Provided, That not to exceed $5,000 shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further, That NIST may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.026 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4418 June 21, 2016 
INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES  For necessary expenses for industrial tech-nology services, $135,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $130,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership, and of which $5,000,000 shall be for the National Network for Manu-facturing Innovation. 
CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES  For construction of new research facilities, including architectural and engineering de-sign, and for renovation and maintenance of existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278c–278e), $50,000,000 
SA 4804. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR INDI-VIDUAL TERRORIST TO BE TREATED AS AGENTS OF FOREIGN POWERS UNDER THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 6001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking subsection (b). 
SA 4805. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used in the seizure of funds through civil or criminal forfeiture based on a violation of paragraph (1) or (3) of section 5324(a) of title 31, United States Code, unless the seizure satisfies the requirements de-scribed in conditions set forth in the Depart-ment of Justice Policy Directive 15–3 (March 31, 2015). 
SA 4806. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used for litigation defending the legality of any final rule based on the pro-posed rule of the Federal Communications Commission entitled ‘‘Protecting the Pri-vacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 23359 (April 20, 2016)) or for assisting in such litigation in any other way. SA 4807. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used by the De-partment of Justice to seek enforcement of any forfeiture obtained by consent decree pursuant to any final rule based on the pro-posed rule of the Federal Communications Commission entitled ‘‘Protecting the Pri-vacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 23359 (April 20, 2016)). 
SA 4808. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5lll. STUDY ON DRUG TRAFFICKING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit a report to Congress on the im-pact that the trafficking of narcotics, spe-cifically opioids and methamphetamine, through States that border Mexico has on substance abuse of narcotics by the residents of such States. 
SA 4809. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 158, line 12, strike ‘‘$68,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$62,500,000’’. On page 159, line 3, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,500,000’’. 
SA 4810. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OPERATION STREAMLINE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Border Patrol’s Yuma Sector has long grappled with the crossing of undocu-mented aliens and has seen illegal traffic de-cline precipitously from the early 2000s to the present. (2) A combination of increased manpower, technology implementation, and the delivery of appropriate consequences have resulted in gains in border security in the Yuma Sector. (3) A key to the success in the Yuma Sec-tor has been the implementation of Oper-ation Streamline, a program established in 2005 that was described by former Depart-ment of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano as ‘‘a DHS partnership with the Department of Justice, . . . a geographically focused operation that aims to increase the consequences for illegally crossing the bor-der by criminally prosecuting illegal border- crossers.’’. (4) The Yuma County Sheriff’s Office, which is known for its ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ ap-proach, cites 100 percent prosecution of ille-gal border crossers as a shared goal of a part-nership including Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies. (5) Among the various consequences deliv-ered to illegal crossers by the Department of Homeland Security, Operation Streamline is associated with a recidivism rate that is well below average and has seen a steady decrease in recidivism in recent years. (6) The United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Arizona will reportedly no longer be prosecuting those apprehended crossing the border illegally for the first time. (7) According to the Sheriff of Yuma Coun-ty, Operation Streamline ‘‘had a deterrent effect in Yuma County, which gained a rep-utation as an area to avoid crossing into be-cause if caught, you were assured to go to court and possibly face penalties’’, but now the program ‘‘has been severely diluted.’’. (b) SENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) gains made in border security in the Yuma Sector and positive trends in recidi-vism rates are of critical importance to those living and working in the border re-gion and to the Nation as a whole; (2) refusing to prosecute first time illegal border crossers under Operation Streamline will jeopardize border security gains; (3) the border security steps that have led to some measure of improvement on the bor-der, such as the historical implementation of Operation Streamline, should be preserved; and (4) the Executive Branch should imme-diately remove any issued or related prohibi-tion, policy, guidance, or direction to cease prosecuting first time illegal border crossers under Operation Streamline. 
SA 4811. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to purchase information from the National Technical Information Service. 
SA 4812. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.027 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4419 June 21, 2016 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 70, line 1, strike ‘‘$5,395,000,000’’ and all that follows through ‘‘That the for-mulation’’ and insert ‘‘$5,375,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018; Pro- vided, That the amount available under this paragraph for the Near-Earth Object pro-gram may not exceed $40,000,000; Provided further, That the formulation’’. 
SA 4813. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 80, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: G
ENERAL PROVISION  S
EC. 301. The unclassified version of any study conducted using funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this title shall include the following: (1) The name of each Agency that provided funds for the conduct of the study. (2) The project or award number of the study. (3) An estimate of the total cost of the study. 
SA 4814. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. K ING, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY TO DENY TRANSFERS OF FIREARMS OR EXPLOSIVES TO TERRORISTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On and after the date of enactment of this Act, in accordance with the procedures under this section, and with-out regard to section 842, 843, section 922(g) or (n), or section 923 of title 18, United States Code, the Attorney General may deny the transfer of a firearm, not later than 3 busi-ness days after a licensee under chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, contacts the na-tional instant criminal background check system established under section 103 of Pub-lic Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), deny the transfer of an explosive, or deny the issuance of a Federal firearms or explosives license or permit, if either of the following are met: (A) N
O FLY LIST .—The Attorney General determines that transferee or applicant— (i) based on the totality of the cir-cumstances, represents a threat to public safety based on a reasonable suspicion that the transferee or applicant is engaged, or has been engaged, in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism, or providing material support or re-sources therefor; and (ii) based on credible information, poses— (I) a threat of committing an act of inter-national terrorism or domestic terrorism with respect to an aircraft (including a threat of piracy, or a threat to airline, pas-senger, or civil aviation security); (II) a threat of committing an act of do-mestic terrorism with respect to the home-land; (III) a threat of committing an act of inter-national terrorism against any United States Government facility abroad and asso-ciated or supporting personnel, including United States embassies, consulates and mis-sions, military installations, United States ships, United States aircraft, or other auxil-iary craft owned or leased by the United States Government; or (IV) a threat of engaging in or conducting a violent act of terrorism and who is oper-ationally capable of doing so. (B) SELECTEE LIST .—The Attorney General determines that transferee or applicant meets the standard for inclusion on the Se-lectee List, which is the subset list of the Terrorist Screening Database, maintained by the Terrorist Screening Center of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, of individuals who are selected for enhanced security screening when attempting to board a United States commercial aircraft or fly into, out of, or over United States airspace, based on the standard to be on such Selectee List on June 16, 2016. (2) NICS.—Solely for purposes of sections 922(t) (1), (2), (5), and (6) of title 18, United States Code, and section 103(g) of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), a denial by the Attorney General under paragraph (1) shall be treated as equivalent to a determination that receipt of a firearm would violate sub-section (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. During the 3-business- day period beginning when a licensee under chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, contacts the national instant criminal back-ground check system established under sec-tion 103 of Public Law 103–159 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), and notwithstanding section 922(t)(2) of title 18, United States Code, the Attorney General may delay assigning a unique identi-fication number to a transfer of a firearm in order to determine whether the transferee or applicant meets the requirements under paragraph (1). (b) N
OTIFICATION OF PROSPECTIVE FIREARM  T
RANSFERS TO KNOWN OR SUSPECTED TER-
RORIST .—The Attorney General and Federal, State, and local law enforcement shall be immediately notified, as appropriate, of any request to transfer a firearm or explosive to a person who is, or with in the previous 5 years was, identified in the Terrorist Screen-ing Database maintained by the Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (c) P
ETITION FOR REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who is a cit-izen or lawful permanent resident of the United States who seeks to challenge a de-nial by the Attorney General under sub-section (a)(1) may file a petition for review and any claims related to that petition in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or in the court of appeals of the United States for the judi-cial circuit in which the individual resides. (2) D
EADLINES FOR FILING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a petition for review under paragraph (1), and any claims related to that petition, shall be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner receives actual notice of the denial by the Attorney General. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The court of appeals in which a petition for review is to be filed under paragraph (1) may allow the petition to be filed after the deadline specified in sub-paragraph (A) only if there are reasonable grounds for not filing by that deadline. (3) AUTHORITY OF COURTS OF APPEALS .—The court of appeals in which a petition for re-view is filed under paragraph (1)— (A) shall have— (i) jurisdiction to decide all relevant ques-tions of law and fact; and (ii) exclusive jurisdiction to affirm, amend, modify, or set aside any part of the denial of the Attorney General that is the subject of the petition for review; and (B) may order the Attorney General to conduct further proceedings. (4) E
XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No district court of the United States shall have jurisdiction to con-sider any claim related to or arising out of facts and circumstances that could have been included in a petition filed under para-graph (1), including any constitutional claim. (B) L
AWFULNESS AND CONSTITUTIONALITY .— No district court of the United States or court of appeals of the United States shall have jurisdiction to consider the lawfulness or constitutionality of this section except pursuant to a petition for review under sec-tion. (C) N
ONCITIZENS .—No district court of the United States or court of appeals of the United States shall have jurisdiction to hear any claim by an individual who is not a cit-izen or lawful permanent resident of the United States related to or arising out a de-nial by the Attorney General under sub-section (a)(1). (d) R
EQUIREMENT FOR AN ADMINISTRATIVE  R
ECORD AND PROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL RE-
VIEW.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the following procedures shall apply with respect to a petition for review filed in a court of appeals under subsection (c): (1) The United States shall file with the court an administrative record, which shall consist of— (A) the information the Attorney General relied upon in denying the transfer or appli-cation; (B) any information the petitioner has sub-mitted pursuant to any administrative proc-ess; (C) any information determined relevant by the United States; and (D) any information that is exculpatory. (2)(A) The petitioner may file with the court any information determined relevant by the petitioner. (B) With leave of the court, the United States may supplement the administrative record with additional information. (3) All information in the administrative record that is not classified and is not other-wise privileged or subject to statutory pro-tections shall be provided to the petitioner. (4) No discovery shall be permitted, unless the court shall determine extraordinary cir-cumstances requires discovery in the inter-ests of justice. (5) Sensitive security information con-tained in the administrative record may only be provided pursuant to a protective order. (6)(A) The administrative record may in-clude classified information, which the United States shall submit to the court in camera and ex parte. (B) The United States shall notify the peti-tioner if the administrative record filed under paragraph (1) contains classified infor-mation. (C) The court may enter an order, after no-tice and a hearing, allowing disclosure to the petitioner, counsel for the petitioner, or both, of— (i) an unclassified summary of some or all classified information in the administrative record; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.029 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4420 June 21, 2016 
(ii) a statement admitting relevant facts that some or all classified information in the administrative record would tend to prove; (iii) some or all classified information, if counsel for the petitioner possess the appro-priate security clearance; or (iv) any combination thereof. (D)(i) If the court enters an order under subparagraph (C) providing for the disclosure of classified information and the United States files with the court an affidavit of the Attorney General objecting to the disclo-sure, the court shall order that the classified information not be disclosed. (ii) If classified information is not dis-closed under clause (i), the court shall enter such an order as the interests of justice re-quire, which may include an order quashing the denial by the Attorney General under subsection (a)(1). (iii) An order under subparagraph (C) or clause (ii) of this subparagraph shall be sub-ject to review pursuant to section 1254 of title 28, United States Code. (iv) An order under clause (ii) shall be ad-ministratively stayed for 7 days. (v) The functions and duties of the Attor-ney General under this subparagraph— (I) may be exercised by the Deputy Attor-ney General, the Associate Attorney Gen-eral, or by an Assistant Attorney General designated by the Attorney General for such purpose; and (II) may not be delegated to any other offi-cial. (E) Any information disclosed under sub-paragraph (C) shall be subject to an appro-priate protective order. (7) Any classified information, sensitive se-curity information, law enforcement sen-sitive information, or information that is otherwise privileged or subject to statutory protections, that is part of the administra-tive record, or cited by the court or the par-ties, shall be treated by the court and the parties consistent with the provisions of this subsection, and shall be sealed and preserved in the records of the court to be made avail-able in the event of further proceedings. In no event shall such information be released as part of the public record. (8) The court shall award reasonable attor-ney fees to a petitioner who is a prevailing party in an action under this section. (9) After the expiration of the time to seek further review, or the conclusion of further proceedings, the court shall return the ad-ministrative record, including any and all copies, to the United States. All privileged information or other information in the pos-session of counsel for the petitioner that was provided by the United States under a pro-tective order shall be returned to the United States, or the counsel for the petitioner shall certify its destruction, including any and all copies. (e) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The court of appeals shall quash any denial by the Attorney Gen-eral under subsection (a)(1), unless the United States demonstrates, on a de novo re-view of fact and law— (1) that— (A) based on the totality of the cir-cumstances, the transferee or applicant rep-resents a threat to public safety based on a reasonable suspicion that the transferee or applicant is engaged, or has been engaged, in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources therefor; and (B) based on credible information, the transferee or applicant poses— (i) a threat of committing an act of inter-national terrorism or domestic terrorism with respect to an aircraft (including a threat of piracy, or a threat to airline, pas-senger, or civil aviation security); (ii) a threat of committing an act of do-mestic terrorism with respect to the home-land; (iii) a threat of committing an act of inter-national terrorism against any United States Government facility abroad and asso-ciated or supporting personnel, including United States embassies, consulates and mis-sions, military installations, United States ships, United States aircraft, or other auxil-iary craft owned or leased by the United States Government; or (iv) a threat of engaging in or conducting a violent act of terrorism and who is oper-ationally capable of doing so; or (2) that the standard has been met for in-cluding the transferee or applicant on the Selectee List, which is the subset list of the Terrorist Screening Database, maintained by the Terrorist Screening Center of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, of individuals who are selected for enhanced security screening when attempting to board a United States commercial aircraft or fly into, out of, or over United States airspace, based on the standard to be on such Selectee List on June 16, 2016. (f) EFFECT OF QUASHING .—If the court of appeals quashes a denial by the Attorney General under subsection (e), notwith-standing any other provision of law, the At-torney General shall— (1) for a denial of the transfer of a firearm, cause a unique identifier to issue pursuant to section 922(t)(2) of title 18, United States Code, not later than 3 days after the issuance of the order under subsection (e); and (2) for a denial of a license or permit, expe-ditiously issue a license or permit under chapter 40 or 44 of title 18, United States Code, as applicable. (g) S
UPREME COURT REVIEW .—A decision by a court of appeals under this section may be reviewed by the Supreme Court under sec-tion 1254 of title 28, United States Code. (h) E
XCLUSIVE REMEDY .—The judicial re-view under a petition for review filed under subsection (c) shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for a claim by an individual who challenges a denial under subsection (a)(1). (i) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION .— (1) C
OURTS .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which a petition is filed chal-lenging a denial under subsection (a)(1), a court of appeals shall determine whether to quash the denial, unless the petitioner con-sents to a longer period. (2) O
F QUASHING .—If the court of appeals quashes a denial by the Attorney General under subsection (e), a petitioner may sub-mit the order quashing the denial to the De-partment of Homeland Security for expe-dited review, as appropriate. (j) T
RANSPARENCY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter— (1) the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report pro-viding— (A) the number of persons denied a firearm transfer or a license or permit under sub-section (a)(1) during the reporting period; (B) the number of petitions for review filed under subsection (d); and (C) the number of instances in which a court of appeals quashed a denial by the At-torney General under subsection (e); and (2) the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate and the Homeland Security Committee the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives a re-port providing— (A) the number individuals— (i) with respect to whom a court of appeals quashed a denial by the Attorney General under subsection (e); and (ii) who submitted the order quashing the denial to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity under subsection (i)(2); and (B) a description of the actions taken and final determinations made by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security with regard to submissions described in subparagraph (A)(ii) respecting the status of individuals on the No Fly List or Selectee List, including the length of time taken to reach a final de-termination. (k) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘classified information’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1(a) of the Classi-fied Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.). (2) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘do-mestic terrorism’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2331(5) of title 18, United States Code. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘international terrorism’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2331(1) of title 18, United States Code. (4) M
ILITARY INSTALLATION .—The term ‘‘military installation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2801(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code. (5) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The term ‘‘na-tional security’’ has the meaning given that term in section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (6) S
ENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘sensitive security information’’ has the meaning given that term by sections 114(r) and 40119 of title 49, United States Code, and the regulations and orders issued pursuant to those sections. (l) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize the Attorney General to modify the length of pe-riod before a firearm may be transferred under section 922(t) of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 4815. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 1 day after enactment. 
SA 4816. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4815 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 4817. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.029 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4421 June 21, 2016 
amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 3 days after enactment. 
SA 4818. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4817 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘4’’. 
SA 4819. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 5 days after enactment. 
SA 4820. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4819 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
SA 4821. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 7 days after enactment. 
SA 4822. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4821 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’. 
SA 4823. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 9 days after enactment. 
SA 4824. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4823 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘9’’ and insert ‘‘10’’. 
SA 4825. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 11 days after enactment. 
SA 4826. Mr. REID submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4825 submitted by Mr. R
EIDand intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M I-
KULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 1, strike ‘‘11’’ and insert ‘‘12’’. 
SA 4827. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 71, line 3, insert before the period the following: ‘‘; Provided, That $10,000,000 shall be for research by the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, in col-laboration with the Unmanned Aircraft Sys-tems Center of Excellence of the Federal Aviation Administration, at the six test sites of the Federal Aviation Administration on the use of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for a broad range of public safety pur-poses over land and maritime environ-ments’’. 
SA 4828. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 71, line 3, insert before the period the following: ‘‘; Provided, That $25,000,000 shall be for the Advanced Composites Part-nership within the Advanced Air Vehicles program’’. 
SA 4829. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) In this section— (1) the term ‘‘eligible nonprofit organiza-tion’’ means a nonprofit organization that has experience providing rapid telephone and cellular alert calls on behalf of Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies to find missing children and elderly adults; and (2) the term ‘‘rapid telephone and cellular alert call system’’ means an automated sys-tem with the ability to place at least 1,000 telephone and cellular calls in 60 seconds to a specific geographic area determined by law enforcement— (A) based on the last known whereabouts of a missing individual; or (B) based on other evidence and determined by such law enforcement agency to be nec-essary to the search for the missing indi-vidual. (b) The Attorney General may use unobli-gated balances made available to the Depart-ment of Justice under this title to make grants to eligible nonprofit organizations to assist Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies in the rapid recovery of missing children, elderly individuals, and disabled individuals through the use of a rapid telephone and cellular alert call sys-tem. Such grants shall be used to— (1) provide services to Federal, State, trib-al, and local law enforcement agencies, in re-sponse to a request from such agencies, to promote the rapid recovery of a missing child, an elderly individual, or a disabled in-dividual by utilizing rapid telephone and cel-lular alert calls; (2) maintain and expand technologies and techniques to ensure the highest level of per-formance of such services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.033 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4422 June 21, 2016 
(3) provide both centralized and on-site training and distribute information to Fed-eral, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agency officials about missing children, el-derly individuals, and disabled individuals and use of a rapid telephone and cellular alert call system; (4) provide services to Federal, State, trib-al, and local Child Abduction Response Teams; (5) assist Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking through the use of rapid tele-phone and cellular alert calls; (6) share appropriate information on cases with the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children, the AMBER Alert, Silver Alert, and Blue Alert programs, and appro-priate Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies; and (7) assist appropriate organizations, includ-ing Federal, State, tribal, and local law en-forcement agencies, with education and pre-vention programs related to missing chil-dren, elderly individuals, and disabled indi-viduals. 
SA 4830. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. llllll. (a) The matter under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , T OBACCO , F
IREARMS AND EXPLOSIVES ’’ under title II of division B of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (18 U.S.C. 923 note; Public Law 112–55; 125 Stat. 609) is amended by striking the sixth proviso. (b) The sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS  
ANDEXPLOSIVES ’’ under title II of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010 (18 U.S.C. 923 note; Public Law 111–117; 123 Stat. 3128) is amended by striking ‘‘begin-ning in fiscal year 2010 and thereafter’’, and inserting ‘‘in fiscal year 2010’’. (c) The sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS  
ANDEXPLOSIVES ’’ under title II of division B of the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (18 U.S.C. 923 note; Public Law 111–8; 123 Stat. 575) is amended by striking ‘‘beginning in fis-cal year 2009 and thereafter’’, and inserting ‘‘in fiscal year 2009’’. (d) The sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS  
ANDEXPLOSIVES ’’ under title II of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008 (18 U.S.C. 923 note; Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 1903) is amended by striking ‘‘begin-ning in fiscal year 2009 and thereafter’’, and inserting ‘‘in fiscal year 2009’’. (e) The sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS  
AND EXPLOSIVES ’’ under title I of the Science, State, Justice, Commerce, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (18 U.S.C. 923 note; Public Law 109–108; 119 Stat. 2295) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or any other’’; (2) by striking ‘‘with respect to any fiscal year’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘, and all such data shall be immune from legal process’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘a review of such an action or proceeding’’. (f) The sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS  
ANDEXPLOSIVES ’’ under title I of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (18 U.S.C. 923 note; Public Law 108–447; 118 Stat 2859) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or any other’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘with respect to any fiscal year’’. (g) The sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B
UREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS  
ANDEXPLOSIVES ’’ under title I of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–199; 118 Stat. 53) is amended by inserting after ‘‘1998’’ the following: ‘‘, and before October 1, 2004’’. (h) No Federal department or agency or State, local, or tribal government shall knowingly and publically disclose covered firearms information that will— (1) compromise the identity of any under-cover law enforcement officer or confidential informant; (2) interfere with any case under investiga-tion; or (3) include the name, address, or any other uniquely identifying information of the law-ful purchaser of any firearm. (i) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to limit the disclosure for use in, or the use, reliance on, disclosure, admissi-bility, or permissibility of using, covered firearms information in any action or pro-ceeding that is— (1) commenced by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to en-force the provisions of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code; (2) instituted by a government agency and relating to a license or similar authoriza-tion; or (3) a review of an action or proceeding de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (2). (j) For purposes of this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered firearms informa-tion’’ means any information— (A) contained in the Firearms Trace Sys-tem database maintained by the National Trace Center of the Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms, and Explosives; (B) required to be kept by a licensee under section 923(g) of title 18, United States Code; or (C) required to be reported under para-graph (3) or (7) of section 923(g) of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘firearm’’ has the meaning given that term in section 921 of title 18, United States Code; and (3) the term ‘‘licensee’’ means a person li-censed under chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 4831. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) In this section— (1) the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) a partnership between a State edu-cational agency and 1 or more local edu-cational agencies (as those terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)) of the State; (B) a local educational agency; (C) a nonprofit organization; or (D) a consortium of elementary schools or secondary schools (as those terms are de-fined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)) collaborating with an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); (2) the term ‘‘Internet safety education program’’ means an age-appropriate, re-search-based program that— (A) encourages safe, ethical, and respon-sible use of the Internet; (B) promotes an informed, critical under-standing of the Internet; and (C) educates children and communities about how to prevent or respond to problems or dangers related to the Internet or new media; (3) the term ‘‘new media’’— (A) means emerging digital, computerized, or networked information and communica-tion technologies that often have interactive capabilities; and (B) includes e-mail, instant messaging, text messaging, websites, blogs, interactive gaming, social media, cell phones, and mo-bile devices; and (4) the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organization that is— (A) described in section 501(c) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986; and (B) exempt from tax under section 501(a) of that Code. (b) The Attorney General may use unobli-gated balances made available to the Depart-ment of Justice under this title to make grants to eligible entities to carry out an Internet safety education program and other activities relating to Internet safety, includ-ing to— (1) identify, develop, and implement Inter-net safety education programs, including educational technology, multimedia and interactive applications, online resources, and lesson plans; (2) provide professional training to elemen-tary and secondary school teachers, adminis-trators, and other staff on Internet safety and new media literacy; (3) develop online-risk prevention pro-grams for children; (4) train and support peer-driven Internet safety education initiatives; (5) coordinate and fund research initiatives that investigate online risks to children and Internet safety education; (6) develop and implement public education campaigns to promote awareness of online risks to children and Internet safety edu-cation; (7) educate parents about teaching their children how to use the Internet and new media safely, responsibly, and ethically and help parents identify and protect their chil-dren from risks relating to use of the Inter-net and new media; or (8) carry out any other activity approved by the Attorney General. SA 4832. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.034 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4423 June 21, 2016 
On page 107, between lines 9 and 10, insert the following: TITLE VI—LARGE CAPACITY AMMUNITION FEEDING DEVICE ACT 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Large Ca-pacity Ammunition Feeding Device Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 602. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after para-graph (29) the following: ‘‘(30) The term ‘large capacity ammunition feeding device’— ‘‘(A) means a magazine, belt, drum, feed strip, helical feeding device, or similar de-vice, including any such device joined or coupled with another in any manner, that has an overall capacity of, or that can be readily restored, changed, or converted to accept, more than 10 rounds of ammunition; and ‘‘(B) does not include an attached tubular device designed to accept, and capable of op-erating only with, .22 caliber rimfire ammu-nition. ‘‘(31) The term ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ has the meaning given the term in section 926B.’’. 
SEC. 603. RESTRICTIONS ON LARGE CAPACITY AMMUNITION FEEDING DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (u) the following: ‘‘(v)(1) It shall be unlawful for a person to import, sell, manufacture, transfer, or pos-sess, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, a large capacity ammunition feeding device. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the possession of any large capacity ammunition feeding device otherwise lawfully possessed on or before the date of enactment of the Large Capacity Ammunition Feeding Device Act of 2016. ‘‘(3) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) the importation for, manufacture for, sale to, transfer to, or possession by the United States or a department or agency of the United States or a State or a depart-ment, agency, or political subdivision of a State, or a sale or transfer to or possession by a qualified law enforcement officer em-ployed by the United States or a department or agency of the United States or a State or a department, agency, or political subdivi-sion of a State for purposes of law enforce-ment (whether on or off-duty), or a sale or transfer to or possession by a campus law en-forcement officer for purposes of law enforce-ment (whether on or off-duty); ‘‘(B) the importation for, or sale or trans-fer to a licensee under title I of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 for purposes of estab-lishing and maintaining an on-site physical protection system and security organization required by Federal law, or possession by an employee or contractor of such licensee on- site for such purposes or off-site for purposes of licensee-authorized training or transpor-tation of nuclear materials; ‘‘(C) the possession, by an individual who is retired in good standing from service with a law enforcement agency and is not otherwise prohibited from receiving ammunition, of a large capacity ammunition feeding device— ‘‘(i) sold or transferred to the individual by the agency upon such retirement; or ‘‘(ii) that the individual purchased, or oth-erwise obtained, for official use before such retirement; or ‘‘(D) the importation, sale, manufacture, transfer, or possession of any large capacity ammunition feeding device by a licensed manufacturer or licensed importer for the purposes of testing or experimentation au-thorized by the Attorney General. ‘‘(4) For purposes of paragraph (3)(A), the term ‘campus law enforcement officer’ means an individual who is— ‘‘(A) employed by a private institution of higher education that is eligible for funding under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.); ‘‘(B) responsible for the prevention or in-vestigation of crime involving injury to per-sons or property, including apprehension or detention of persons for such crimes; ‘‘(C) authorized by Federal, State, or local law to carry a firearm, execute search war-rants, and make arrests; and ‘‘(D) recognized, commissioned, or certified by a government entity as a law enforcement officer.’’. (b) IDENTIFICATION MARKINGS FOR LARGE  C
APACITY AMMUNITION FEEDING DEVICES .— Section 923(i) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘A large capacity ammunition feed-ing device manufactured after the date of en-actment of the Large Capacity Ammunition Feeding Device Act of 2016 shall be identified by a serial number and the date on which the device was manufactured or made, legibly and conspicuously engraved or cast on the device, and such other identification as the Attorney General shall by regulations pre-scribe.’’. (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF LARGE CA-
PACITY AMMUNITION FEEDING DEVICES .—Sec- tion 924(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or large capacity ammu-nition feeding device’’ after ‘‘firearm or am-munition’’ each place the term appears; (B) by inserting ‘‘or large capacity ammu-nition feeding device’’ after ‘‘firearms or am-munition’’ each place the term appears; and (C) by striking ‘‘or (k)’’ and inserting ‘‘(k), or (v)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(C), by inserting ‘‘or large capacity ammunition feeding devices’’ after ‘‘firearms or quantities of ammuni-tion’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)(E), by inserting ‘‘922(v),’’ after ‘‘922(n),’’. 
SEC. 604. PENALTIES. 
Section 924(a)(1)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or (q)’’ and inserting ‘‘(q), or (v)’’. 
SEC. 605. USE OF BYRNE GRANTS FOR BUY-BACK PROGRAMS FOR LARGE CAPACITY AMMUNITION FEEDING DEVICES. 
Section 501(a)(1) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3751(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) Compensation for surrendered large capacity ammunition feeding devices, as that term is defined in section 921 of title 18, United States Code, under buy-back pro-grams for large capacity ammunition feeding devices.’’. 
SEC. 606. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this title, an amend-ment made by this title, or the application of such provision or amendment to any per-son or circumstance is held to be unconstitu-tional, the remainder of this title, the amendments made by this title, and the ap-plication of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance shall not be af-fected thereby. 
SA 4833. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. CRIMINAL STREET GANG RICO PROS-ECUTION ACT. 
Section 1961 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘As used’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘any criminal street gang,’’ after ‘‘other legal en-tity,’’; (3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (10), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(11) ‘criminal street gang’— ‘‘(A) means any organization, association, or group of 3 or more individuals associated in fact, whether formal or informal, that en-gages in criminal gang activity; and ‘‘(B) does not include 3 or more individuals, associated in fact, whether formal or infor-mal, who are not engaged in criminal gang activity; and ‘‘(12) ‘criminal gang activity’ means the commission, attempted commission, con-spiracy to commit, or solicitation, coercion, or intimidation of another person to commit a racketeering activity.’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter, the exist-ence of a criminal street gang may be estab-lished by 1 or more identifying characteris-tics, including— ‘‘(1) evidence of a common name or com-mon identifying signs, symbols, tattoos, graffiti, attire, aliases, nicknames, or social media posts; and ‘‘(2) other distinguishing characteristics, including, common activities, rules, codes, customs, or behaviors.’’. 
SA 4834. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4688 submitted by Mr. W
YDEN and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, insert the following: ‘‘This sec-tion shall not apply to a corporation, asso-ciation, educational institution or institu-tion of learning, or society that is exempt from the discrimination provisions of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) pursuant to section 702(a) or 703(e)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 2000e–1(a), 2000e–2(e)(2)).’’. 
SA 4835. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. CIVIL RIGHTS PROTECTIONS AND EX-EMPTIONS. 
Any agency or office of any branch of the Federal Government receiving funds under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.034 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4424 June 21, 2016 
this Act shall, with respect to any religious corporation, religious association, religious educational institution, or religious society that is a recipient of or offeror for a Federal Government contract, subcontract, grant, purchase order, or cooperative agreement, provide protections and exemptions con-sistent with sections 702(a) and 703(e)(2) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e– 1(a) and 42 U.S.C. 2000e–2(e)(2)) and section 103(d) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12113(d)). 
SA 4836. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Jus-tice to settle, with payments out of amounts appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, any lawsuit brought by a health plan or health insurance issuer re-lated to section 1342 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18062) or any other provision of such Act (Public Law 111–148). 
SA 4837. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Jus-tice to make payments out of amounts ap-propriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, with respect to any law-suit related to section 1341, 1342, or 1343 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18061, 18062, 18063). The Depart-ment of Justice shall pay any amounts owed as a result of any such lawsuit with funds ap-propriated under the heading of this title ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading of this title ‘‘G
ENERAL ADMINISTRATION ’’ for human resources purposes. 
SA 4838. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by a Depart-ment of Justice lawyer to lie to, willfully de-ceive, or intentionally misrepresent facts be-fore any Federal judge. SA 4839. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. (a) Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On May 19, 2016, United States district court judge Andrew Hanen issued an order finding that Department of Justice lawyers made a number of intentionally false state-ments to defend the Accountability Immi-gration Executive Action of the President. (2) Judge Hanen stated the lawyers lied to the court 3 distinct times: (A) L
IE#1.—On December 19, 2014, Depart-ment of Justice lawyers asked to push a hearing back to January, assuring the court that no applications to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘DACA’’) program would be approved. (‘‘This was not a curve ball thrown by the Government; this was a spitball which neither the Plaintiff States nor the Court would learn of until March 3, 2015.’’. Texas v. United States, Civil No. B– 14–254, 2016 WL 3211803, at *5 (S.D. Tex. May 19, 2016).) (B) L
IE#2.—In January 2015, Department of Justice lawyers told the court no applica-tions for DACA would be accepted until Feb-ruary 18, 2015, and no action would be taken on them until March 4—meanwhile 100,000 applications had already been approved. (C) L
IE#3.—On February 23, 2015, a week after an injunction was issued, Department of Justice lawyers filed a brief stating that DACA applications were set to begin on March 3, despite the fact that the Depart-ment of Homeland Security started proc-essing them in late November 2014. (‘‘Yet counsel, who knew of the DHS activity, were not only silent, but their motion was cer-tainly calculated to give the impression that nothing was happening or had happened pur-suant to the 2014 DHS Directive—when, in fact, by that time over 100,000 applications had already been granted.’’ Id. at *7.) (3) Judge Hanen drew the following conclu-sions: (A) ‘‘[T]he Justice Department lawyers knew the true facts and misrepresented those facts to the citizens of the 26 Plaintiff States, their lawyers and this Court on mul-tiple occasions. . . . Such conduct is cer-tainly not worthy of any department whose name includes the word ‘Justice.’’’. Id. at *3. (B) ‘‘The United States Department of Jus-tice . . . has now admitted making state-ments that clearly did not match the facts. It has admitted that the lawyers who made these statements had knowledge of the truth when they made these misstatements.’’. Id. at *1. (C) ‘‘These misrepresentations will be dis-cussed in more detail below; but suffice it to say the Government’s attorneys effectively misled the Plaintiff States into foregoing a request for a temporary restraining order or an earlier injunction hearing. Further, these misrepresentations may have caused more damage in the intervening time period and may cause additional damage in the future. Counsel’s misrepresentations also mis-directed the Court as to the timeline in-volved in the implementation of the 2014 DHS Directive, which included the amend-ments to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (‘DACA’)program.’’. Id. at *2. (D) ‘‘The Government’s attorneys knew since late-November of 2014 that the DHS was issuing three-year deferrals under the 2014 DHS Directive. Whether it was one per-son or one hundred thousand persons, the magnitude does not change a lawyer’s eth-ical obligations. The duties of a Government lawyer, and in fact of any lawyer, are three-fold: (1) tell the truth; (2) do not mislead the Court; and (3) do not allow the Court to be misled. The Government’s lawyers failed on all three fronts. The actions of the DHS should have been brought to the attention of the opposing counsel and the Court as early as December 19, 2014. The failure of counsel to do that constituted more than mere inad-vertent omissions—it was intentionally de-ceptive. There is no de minimis rule that ap-plies to a lawyer’s ethical obligation to tell the truth.’’. Id. at *7 (citation omitted). (E) ‘‘The failure of counsel to inform the counsel for the Plaintiff States and the Court of the DHS activity—activity the Jus-tice Department admittedly knew about— was clearly unethical and clearly misled both counsel for the Plaintiff States and the Court.’’. Id. at *9. (F) ‘‘This Court finds that the misrepresen-tations detailed above: (1) were false; (2) were made in bad faith; and (3) misled both the Court and the Plaintiff States.’’. Id. at *10. (G) ‘‘In fact, it is hard to imagine a more serious, more calculated plan of unethical conduct.’’. Id. at *11. (b) It is the sense of Congress that the con-duct of the Department of Justice lawyers is unbecoming of representatives of the high-est-ranking law enforcement officer in the United States. SA 4840. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by an officer or employee of a department or agency funded under this Act to enter into an agreement related to resolv-ing a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohib-ited from disclosure by Federal law or re-quired by Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. 
SA 4841. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.035 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4425 June 21, 2016 
On page 80, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. (a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that conducting deep space exploration requires radioisotope power sys-tems, such as thermoelectric and Stirling generators and converters. (b) A
NALYSIS OF REQUIREMENTS AND  R
ISKS.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, in consultation with the heads of other Federal agencies, shall con-duct an analysis of— (1) the requirements of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration for radio-isotope power system material that is needed to carry out planned, high priority robotic missions in the solar system and other sur-face exploration activities beyond low-Earth orbit; and (2) the risks to missions of the Administra-tion in meeting those requirements, or any additional requirements, due to a lack of adequate radioisotope power system mate-rial. 
SA 4842. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 68, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: S
EC. 218. (a) With respect to funds appro-priated under this title under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSIST -
ANCE ’’ the Attorney General shall award grants, not exceed an aggregate amount of $4,000,000, to county, municipal, or tribal governments in States along the Southwest border of the United States, for costs, or re-imbursement of costs, associated with the transportation and processing of unidentified alien remains that have been transferred to an official medical examiner’s office or an area university with the capacity to analyze human remains using forensic best practices where such expenses may contribute to the collection and analysis of information per-taining to missing and unidentified persons. (b) The restriction under section 1001(c) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(c)) shall not apply to amounts made available under subsection (a): Provided, that the Attorney General shall otherwise award amounts made available under subsection (a) in a manner and form consistent with amounts made available under paragraph (1) under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSIST -
ANCE ’’. 
SA 4843. Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement any change relating to the status of the People’s Republic of China under section 771(18) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(18)). SA 4844. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 3, strike ‘‘$65,000,000,’’ and insert ‘‘$80,000,000,’’. 
SA 4845. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2578, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to enforce any contraceptive man-date under title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.) or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148). 
SA 4846. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. W YDEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 3, strike ‘‘$65,000,000,’’ and insert ‘‘$80,000,000, of which $15,000,000 is des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)),’’. 
SA 4847. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 80, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: G
ENERAL PROVISION  S
EC. 301. It is the sense of Congress that the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration should not continue to implement the consolidation of procurement and human resource services, as recommended by the Technical Capabilities Assessment Team, until the Comptroller General of the United States completes— (1) an analysis of the business case result-ing in the relocation of procurement services under the consolidation; and (2) an assessment whether the relocation of procurement services would enable the Field Centers of the Administration to leverage for research full-time employees who would re-vert to the Centers under the consolidation. SA 4848. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. ADDITIONAL RESOURCES AND FIRE-ARMS TRAFFICKING. 
(a) A DEQUATE RESOURCES FOR FEDERAL BU-
REAU OF INVESTIGATION .—In addition to the amounts provided under the heading ‘‘
SALA -
RIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘F ED-
ERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION ’’ under this title, $175,000,000 for personnel, training, and equipment needed to counter both foreign and domestic terrorism, including lone wolf actors: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). (b) A
DEQUATE RESOURCES FOR VALOR.—In addition to the amounts provided under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
ASSISTANCE ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under this title, $15,000,000 for an Officer Robert Wilson III memorial initiative on Preventing Violence Against Law Enforcement Officer Resilience and Survivability (VALOR): Provided, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). (c) A
DEQUATE RESOURCES FOR CIVILRIGHTS  D
IVISION .—In addition to the amounts pro-vided under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EX -
PENSES , GENERAL LEGAL ACTIVITIES ’’ under the heading ‘‘L
EGAL ACTIVITIES ’’ under this title, $30,000,000 for the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice: Provided, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). (d) A
DEQUATE RESOURCES FOR COMMUNITY  R
ELATIONS SERVICE .—In addition to the amounts provided under the heading ‘‘
SALA -
RIES AND EXPENSES , COMMUNITY RELATIONS  
SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘L EGAL ACTIVI -
TIES’’ under this title, $11,000,000 for the Community Relations Service of the Depart-ment of Justice for personnel and training to respond to hate crimes: Provided, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). (e) S
TRENGTHENING FIREARMS TRAFFICKING  I
NVESTIGATIONS AND PROSECUTIONS .—Section 924 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking subsection (h) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.036 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4426 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(h) Whoever knowingly transfers or re-ceives a firearm, knowing or having reason-able cause to believe that such firearm will be used to commit a Federal crime of ter-rorism (as defined in section 2332b(g)(5)), a crime of violence (as defined in subsection (c)(3)), or a drug trafficking crime (as defined in subsection (c)(2)) shall be imprisoned not more than 15 years, fined in accordance with this title, or both.’’. 
SA 4849. Mr. BURR (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON GAPS IN NEXRAD COVERAGE AND REQUIREMENT FOR PLAN TO ADDRESS SUCH GAPS. 
(a) S TUDY ON GAPS IN NEXRAD C OV-
ERAGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall complete a study on gaps in the coverage of the Next Generation Weather Radar of the National Weather Service (referred to in this section as ‘‘NEXRAD’’). (2) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-quired under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) identify areas in the United States with limited or no NEXRAD coverage below 6,000 feet above ground level of the sur-rounding terrain; (B) for the areas identified under subpara-graph (A)— (i) identify the key weather effects for which prediction would improve with im-proved radar detection; (ii) identify additional sources of observa-tions for high impact weather that were available and operational for such areas on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including Terminal Doppler Weath-er Radar (commonly known as ‘‘TDWR’’), air surveillance radars of the Federal Aviation Administration, and cooperative network ob-servers; and (iii) assess the feasibility and advisability of efforts to integrate and upgrade Federal radar capabilities that are not owned or con-trolled by the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, including radar capa-bilities of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Department of Defense; (C) assess the feasibility and advisability of incorporating State-operated and other non-Federal radars into the operations of the National Weather Service; (D) identify options to improve radar cov-erage in the areas identified under subpara-graph (A); and (E) estimate the cost of, and develop a timeline for, carrying out each of the options identified under subparagraph (D). (3) R
EPORT .—Upon the completion of the study required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives that includes the findings of the Secretary with respect to the study. (b) PLAN TO IMPROVE RADAR COVERAGE .— Not later than 30 days after the completion of the study under subsection (a)(1), the Sec-retary of Commerce shall submit a plan to the congressional committees referred to in subsection (a)(3) for improving radar cov-erage in the areas identified under sub-section (a)(2)(A) by integrating and upgrad-ing, to the extent practicable, additional ob-servation solutions to improve hazardous weather detection and forecasting. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR THIRD-PARTY REVIEWS  R
EGARDING PLAN TO IMPROVE RADAR COV-
ERAGE .—The Secretary of Commerce shall seek third-party reviews on scientific meth-odology relating to, and the feasibility and advisability of, implementing the plan sub-mitted under subsection (b), including the extent to which warning and forecast serv-ices of the National Weather Service would be improved by additional NEXRAD cov-erage. 
SA 4850. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place , insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Justice under this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to defend the constitutionality of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. 
SA 4851. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4685 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY (for himself and Ms. M IKULSKI ) to the bill H.R. 2578, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to enforce the contraceptive, abor-tifacient, and sterilization coverage man-dates under title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.). 
SA 4852. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. E
RNST ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1777, to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance pay-able to a former President, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide retire-ment, clerical assistants, and free mailing privileges to former Presidents of the United States, and for other purposes’’, approved August 25, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’) (3 U.S.C. 102 note), is amended by striking the matter preceding subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Each former President shall be entitled for the remainder of his or her life to receive from the United States— ‘‘(1) an annuity at the rate of $200,000 per year, subject to subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) a monetary allowance at the rate of $200,000 per year, subject to subsections (c) and (d). ‘‘(b) D
URATION ; FREQUENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The annuity and allow-ance under subsection (a) shall each— ‘‘(A) commence on the day after the date on which an individual becomes a former President; ‘‘(B) terminate on the date on which the former President dies; and ‘‘(C) be payable by the Secretary of the Treasury on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTIVE OR ELECTIVE POSITIONS .— The annuity and allowance under subsection (a) shall not be payable for any period during which a former President holds an appoint-ive or elective position in or under the Fed-eral Government to which is attached a rate of pay other than a nominal rate. ‘‘(c) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—Effective December 1 of each year, each annuity and allowance under subsection (a) that com-menced before that date shall be increased by the same percentage by which benefit amounts under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are increased, ef-fective as of that date, as a result of a deter-mination under section 215(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY ALLOW -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the monetary allowance payable under subsection (a)(2) to a former President for any 12-month period— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), may not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the monetary allowance that (but for this subsection) would otherwise be so pay-able for such 12-month period, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) the applicable reduction amount for such 12-month period; and ‘‘(B) shall not be less than the amount de-termined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘applicable reduction amount’ means, with respect to any former President and in connection with any 12- month period, the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the adjusted gross income (as defined in section 62 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the former President for the most re-cent taxable year for which a tax return is available; and ‘‘(II) any interest excluded from the gross income of the former President under section 103 of such Code for such taxable year, ex-ceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) $400,000, subject to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, subclauses (I) and (II) of subpara-graph (A)(i) shall be applied by taking into account both the amounts properly allocable to the former President and the amounts properly allocable to the spouse of the former President. ‘‘(C) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—The dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, the mone-tary allowance of the former President is in-creased under subsection (c) (disregarding this subsection). ‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.037 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4427 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(i) the terms ‘return’ and ‘return informa-tion’ have the meanings given those terms in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of the Treasury’s delegate. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—A former President may not receive a monetary allowance under subsection (a)(2) unless the former President discloses to the Secretary, upon the request of the Secretary, any return or return infor-mation of the former President or spouse of the former President that the Secretary de-termines is necessary for purposes of calcu-lating the applicable reduction amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(C) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Except as provided in section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may not, with re-spect to a return or return information dis-closed to the Secretary under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) disclose the return or return informa-tion to any entity or person; or ‘‘(ii) use the return or return information for any purpose other than to calculate the applicable reduction amount under para-graph (2). ‘‘(4) I
NCREASED COSTS DUE TO SECURITY  
NEEDS .—With respect to the monetary allow-ance that would be payable to a former President under subsection (a)(2) for any 12- month period but for the limitation under paragraph (1), the Administrator of General Services, in coordination with the Director of the United States Secret Service, shall de-termine the amount of the allowance that is needed to pay the increased cost of doing business that is attributable to the security needs of the former President.’’. (b) S
URVIVING SPOUSES OF FORMER PRESI-
DENTS .— (1) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF MONETARY AL -
LOWANCE .—Subsection (e) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$20,000 per annum,’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000 per year (subject to paragraph (4)),’’; and (B) in the second sentence— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘or the government of the District of Columbia’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) shall, after its commencement date, be increased at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, annuities of former Presidents are increased under sub-section (c).’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF WIDOWER OF A FORMER  
PRESIDENT .—Subsection (e) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘widow’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘widow or widower’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘she’’ and inserting ‘‘she or he’’. (c) S
UBSECTION HEADINGS .—The first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘W
ID-
OWS AND WIDOWERS .—’’; (2) in subsection (f), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘D
EFI-
NITION .—’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘A
U-
THORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’. SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to af-fect— (1) any provision of law relating to the se-curity or protection of a former President or a member of the family of a former Presi-dent; or (2) funding, under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 or any other law, to carry out any provision of law described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4. TRANSITION RULES. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendment made by section 2(a) shall be ap-plied as if the commencement date referred in subsection (b)(1)(A) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amend-ed by section 2(a), coincided with such date of enactment. (b) W
IDOWS .—In the case of any individual who is the widow of a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by section 2(b)(1) shall be applied as if the commencement date re-ferred to in subsection (e)(1) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by section 2(b)(1), coincided with such date of enactment. 
SEC. 5. APPLICABILITY. 
For a former President receiving a mone-tary allowance under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, the limitation under subsection (d)(1) of the first section of that Act, as amended by section 2(a), shall apply to the monetary allowance of the former President, except to the extent that the ap-plication of the limitation would prevent the former President from being able to pay the cost of a lease or other contract that is in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act and under which the former President makes payments using the mone-tary allowance, as determined by the Admin-istrator of General Services. 
SA 4853. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2736, to improve access to dura-ble medical equipment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Ac-cess to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF THE TRANSITION TO NEW PAYMENT RATES FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall extend the transition period de-scribed in clause (i) of section 414.210(g)(9) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, from June 30, 2016, to June 30, 2017 (with the full implementation described in clause (ii) of such section applying to items and services furnished with dates of service on or after July 1, 2017). 
SEC. 3. FLOOR ON BID CEILING FOR COMPETI-TIVE ACQUISITION FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1847(b)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3(b)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, subject to subparagraph (E),’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, subject to subparagraph (E),’’ after ‘‘Based on such bids’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) FLOOR ON BID CEILING FOR DURABLE  
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The ceiling for a bid sub-mitted for applicable covered items may not be less than the fee schedule amount that would otherwise be determined under section 1834(a), section 1834(h), or section 1842(s) for such items furnished on July 1, 2016 (deter-mined as if section 2 of the Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016 had not been enacted). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABLE COVERED ITEMS DEFINED .— For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘applicable covered items’ means competi-tively priced items and services described in subsection (a)(2) that are furnished with re-spect to rounds of competition that begin on or after January 1, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 4. REQUIREMENTS IN DETERMINING AD-JUSTMENTS USING INFORMATION FROM COMPETITIVE BIDDING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1834(a)(1)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(1)(G)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In the case of items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, in making any adjustments under clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (F), under subsection (h)(1)(H)(ii), or under sec-tion 1842(s)(3)(B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) solicit and take into account stake-holder input; and ‘‘(ii) take into account the highest amount bid by a winning supplier in a competitive acquisition area and a comparison of each of the following with respect to non-competi-tive acquisition areas and competitive acqui-sition areas: ‘‘(I) The average travel distance and cost associated with furnishing items and serv-ices in the area. ‘‘(II) Any barriers to access for items and services in the area. ‘‘(III) The average delivery time in fur-nishing items and services in the area. ‘‘(IV) The average volume of items and services furnished by suppliers in the area. ‘‘(V) The number of suppliers in the area.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 1834(h)(1)(H)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(h)(1)(H)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-ject to subsection (a)(1)(G), the Secretary’’. (2) Section 1842(s)(3)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(s)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to section 1834(a)(1)(G), the Sec-retary’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORTS ON THE RESULTS OF THE MONI-TORING OF ACCESS OF MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES TO DURABLE MED-ICAL EQUIPMENT AND OF HEALTH OUTCOMES. 
Not later than October 1, 2016, January 1, 2017, April 1, 2017, and July 1, 2017, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall publish on the Internet website of the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services the re-sults of the monitoring of access of Medicare beneficiaries to durable medical equipment and of health outcomes, as described on page 66228 in the final rule published by the Cen-ter for Medicare & Medicaid Services on No-vember 6, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Medicare Pro-gram; End-Stage Renal Disease Prospective Payment System, Quality Incentive Pro-gram, and Durable Medical Equipment, Pros-thetics, Orthotics, and Supplies’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 66120-66265). 
SEC. 6. REVISION OF EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROVI-SION LIMITING FEDERAL MEDICAID REIMBURSEMENT TO STATES FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (DME) TO MEDICARE PAYMENT RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1903(i)(27) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(i)(27)) is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.038 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4428 June 21, 2016 
amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 503 of division O of Public Law 114–113. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Con-gress.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘FirstNet Oversight: An Up-date on the Status of the Public Safety Broadband Network.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH– 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Retirement Pooling: Exam-ining Open Multiple Employer Plans.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Ideology of ISIS.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Nominations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY , AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The CREATES Act: Ending Regulatory Abuse, Protecting Con-sumers, and Ensuring Drug Price Com-petition.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 21, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COLLECTOR CAR APPRECIATION DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 507, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 507) designating July 8, 2016, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and res-toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 507) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1777 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1777) to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958,’’ with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Ernst substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4852) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide retire-ment, clerical assistants, and free mailing privileges to former Presidents of the United States, and for other purposes’’, approved August 25, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’) (3 U.S.C. 102 note), is amended by striking the matter preceding subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each former President shall be entitled for the remainder of his or her life to receive from the United States— ‘‘(1) an annuity at the rate of $200,000 per year, subject to subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) a monetary allowance at the rate of $200,000 per year, subject to subsections (c) and (d). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.038 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4429 June 21, 2016 
‘‘(b) D URATION ; FREQUENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The annuity and allow-ance under subsection (a) shall each— ‘‘(A) commence on the day after the date on which an individual becomes a former President; ‘‘(B) terminate on the date on which the former President dies; and ‘‘(C) be payable by the Secretary of the Treasury on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTIVE OR ELECTIVE POSITIONS .— The annuity and allowance under subsection (a) shall not be payable for any period during which a former President holds an appoint-ive or elective position in or under the Fed-eral Government to which is attached a rate of pay other than a nominal rate. ‘‘(c) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—Effective December 1 of each year, each annuity and allowance under subsection (a) that com-menced before that date shall be increased by the same percentage by which benefit amounts under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are increased, ef-fective as of that date, as a result of a deter-mination under section 215(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY ALLOW -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the monetary allowance payable under subsection (a)(2) to a former President for any 12-month period— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), may not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the monetary allowance that (but for this subsection) would otherwise be so pay-able for such 12-month period, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) the applicable reduction amount for such 12-month period; and ‘‘(B) shall not be less than the amount de-termined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘applicable reduction amount’ means, with respect to any former President and in connection with any 12- month period, the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the adjusted gross income (as defined in section 62 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the former President for the most re-cent taxable year for which a tax return is available; and ‘‘(II) any interest excluded from the gross income of the former President under section 103 of such Code for such taxable year, ex-ceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) $400,000, subject to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, subclauses (I) and (II) of subpara-graph (A)(i) shall be applied by taking into account both the amounts properly allocable to the former President and the amounts properly allocable to the spouse of the former President. ‘‘(C) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—The dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, the mone-tary allowance of the former President is in-creased under subsection (c) (disregarding this subsection). ‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘return’ and ‘return informa-tion’ have the meanings given those terms in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of the Treasury’s delegate. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—A former President may not receive a monetary allowance under subsection (a)(2) unless the former President discloses to the Secretary, upon the request of the Secretary, any return or return infor-mation of the former President or spouse of the former President that the Secretary de-termines is necessary for purposes of calcu-lating the applicable reduction amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(C) CONFIDENTIALITY .—Except as provided in section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may not, with re-spect to a return or return information dis-closed to the Secretary under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) disclose the return or return informa-tion to any entity or person; or ‘‘(ii) use the return or return information for any purpose other than to calculate the applicable reduction amount under para-graph (2). ‘‘(4) I
NCREASED COSTS DUE TO SECURITY  
NEEDS .—With respect to the monetary allow-ance that would be payable to a former President under subsection (a)(2) for any 12- month period but for the limitation under paragraph (1), the Administrator of General Services, in coordination with the Director of the United States Secret Service, shall de-termine the amount of the allowance that is needed to pay the increased cost of doing business that is attributable to the security needs of the former President.’’. (b) S
URVIVING SPOUSES OF FORMER PRESI-
DENTS .— (1) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF MONETARY AL -
LOWANCE .—Subsection (e) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$20,000 per annum,’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000 per year (subject to paragraph (4)),’’; and (B) in the second sentence— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘or the government of the District of Columbia’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) shall, after its commencement date, be increased at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, annuities of former Presidents are increased under sub-section (c).’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF WIDOWER OF A FORMER  
PRESIDENT .—Subsection (e) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘widow’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘widow or widower’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘she’’ and inserting ‘‘she or he’’. (c) S
UBSECTION HEADINGS .—The first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘W
ID-
OWS AND WIDOWERS .—’’; (2) in subsection (f), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘D
EFI-
NITION .—’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘A
U-
THORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to af-fect— (1) any provision of law relating to the se-curity or protection of a former President or a member of the family of a former Presi-dent; or (2) funding, under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 or any other law, to carry out any provision of law described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4. TRANSITION RULES. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendment made by section 2(a) shall be ap-plied as if the commencement date referred in subsection (b)(1)(A) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amend-ed by section 2(a), coincided with such date of enactment. (b) WIDOWS .—In the case of any individual who is the widow of a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by section 2(b)(1) shall be applied as if the commencement date re-ferred to in subsection (e)(1) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by section 2(b)(1), coincided with such date of enactment. 
SEC. 5. APPLICABILITY. 
For a former President receiving a mone-tary allowance under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, the limitation under subsection (d)(1) of the first section of that Act, as amended by section 2(a), shall apply to the monetary allowance of the former President, except to the extent that the ap-plication of the limitation would prevent the former President from being able to pay the cost of a lease or other contract that is in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act and under which the former President makes payments using the mone-tary allowance, as determined by the Admin-istrator of General Services. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1777), as amended, was passed. 
f 
PATIENT ACCESS TO DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Fi-nance Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 2736. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2736) to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Thune amendment be agreed to, and that the bill, as amended, be considered to be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4853) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Ac-cess to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF THE TRANSITION TO NEW PAYMENT RATES FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall extend the transition period de-scribed in clause (i) of section 414.210(g)(9) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.024 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4430 June 21, 2016 
title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, from June 30, 2016, to June 30, 2017 (with the full implementation described in clause (ii) of such section applying to items and services furnished with dates of service on or after July 1, 2017). 
SEC. 3. FLOOR ON BID CEILING FOR COMPETI-TIVE ACQUISITION FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1847(b)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3(b)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, subject to subparagraph (E),’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, subject to subparagraph (E),’’ after ‘‘Based on such bids’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) F
LOOR ON BID CEILING FOR DURABLE  
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The ceiling for a bid sub-mitted for applicable covered items may not be less than the fee schedule amount that would otherwise be determined under section 1834(a), section 1834(h), or section 1842(s) for such items furnished on July 1, 2016 (deter-mined as if section 2 of the Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act of 2016 had not been enacted). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABLE COVERED ITEMS DEFINED .— For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘applicable covered items’ means competi-tively priced items and services described in subsection (a)(2) that are furnished with re-spect to rounds of competition that begin on or after January 1, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 4. REQUIREMENTS IN DETERMINING AD-JUSTMENTS USING INFORMATION FROM COMPETITIVE BIDDING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1834(a)(1)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(1)(G)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In the case of items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, in making any adjustments under clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (F), under subsection (h)(1)(H)(ii), or under sec-tion 1842(s)(3)(B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) solicit and take into account stake-holder input; and ‘‘(ii) take into account the highest amount bid by a winning supplier in a competitive acquisition area and a comparison of each of the following with respect to non-competi-tive acquisition areas and competitive acqui-sition areas: ‘‘(I) The average travel distance and cost associated with furnishing items and serv-ices in the area. ‘‘(II) Any barriers to access for items and services in the area. ‘‘(III) The average delivery time in fur-nishing items and services in the area. ‘‘(IV) The average volume of items and services furnished by suppliers in the area. ‘‘(V) The number of suppliers in the area.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 1834(h)(1)(H)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(h)(1)(H)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-ject to subsection (a)(1)(G), the Secretary’’. (2) Section 1842(s)(3)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(s)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to section 1834(a)(1)(G), the Sec-retary’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORTS ON THE RESULTS OF THE MONI-TORING OF ACCESS OF MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES TO DURABLE MED-ICAL EQUIPMENT AND OF HEALTH OUTCOMES. 
Not later than October 1, 2016, January 1, 2017, April 1, 2017, and July 1, 2017, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall publish on the Internet website of the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services the re-sults of the monitoring of access of Medicare beneficiaries to durable medical equipment and of health outcomes, as described on page 66228 in the final rule published by the Cen-ter for Medicare & Medicaid Services on No-vember 6, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Medicare Pro-gram; End-Stage Renal Disease Prospective Payment System, Quality Incentive Pro-gram, and Durable Medical Equipment, Pros-thetics, Orthotics, and Supplies’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 66120-66265). 
SEC. 6. REVISION OF EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROVI-SION LIMITING FEDERAL MEDICAID REIMBURSEMENT TO STATES FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (DME) TO MEDICARE PAYMENT RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1903(i)(27) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(i)(27)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 503 of division O of Public Law 114–113. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 2736), as amended, was passed. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR PRINTING—S. 2943 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the en-grossed version of S. 2943 be printed as passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The bill, S. 2943, as passed by the Senate, is printed in the R
ECORD of Wednesday, June 15, 2016.) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 2578, with the time until the cloture vote equally di-vided between the managers or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:46 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 22, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.025 S21JNPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE959 June 21, 2016 
IN HONOR OF CARL E. FITCHETT, JR. 
HON. RENEE L. ELLMERS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to seek to honor the life of Carl E. Fitchett, Jr., who passed away May 29, 2016 in Smithfield, North Carolina at the age of 93. Mr. Fitchett had a fierce passion for serving his community, as made apparent through his past roles as director of the N.C. Oil Jobbers Association, president of the Dunn Chamber of Commerce, and Commander of the Amer-ican Legion. He also served as president of the Dunn Rotary Club which awarded him the Man of the Year award in 1958, and was a deacon, elder, and trustee at First Pres-byterian Church of Dunn. In addition to his vol-unteer leadership roles in the Dunn commu-nity, Carl served in World War II and owned and operated Fitchett Oil Co., retiring in 1991. Mr. Fitchett is survived by his wife, Vivian; two children, Carl and Jeanette; and four grandchildren, Duncan, Margaret, Austin and Katherine. Carl Fitchett, like so many of our community leaders, sacrificed time to better the lives of those around him. He spent his entire life helping those in Harnett County, and we are forever indebted to him for his dedication in serving the local community, especially his hometown of Dunn. He truly embodied the role of the local hero. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the centennial of the Farm Credit System. One hundred years ago the Farm Credit System began its mission to provide American agriculture with a steady hand and depend-ability, which they needed to provide for our nation. Throughout its history the Farm Credit Sys-tem has helped our farmers through the Great Depression, the agriculture crisis of the 1980’s, and even the market collapse of 2008. This deep rooted understanding of our na-tion’s complex agribusiness industry—and the people that work tirelessly to send products to market—is what makes the Farm Credit Sys-tem so critical to our producers and their fu-ture success. And this dedication, to my district in Upstate New York and to American agriculture across this great nation, is why I am proud to stand on the House Floor today and honor the Farm Credit System on its centennial. f 
TRIBUTE TO RUNELL FOSTER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, one hundred ten years ago a vir-tuous woman of God, Runell ‘‘Nell’’ Brooks Foster was born in Gwinnett, Georgia on March 27, 1906 to George B. and Emma Palmer Brooks; and Whereas, she grew up on the family farm in Gwinnett County, Georgia and married Mr. Clyde Foster on February 12, 1928; their union has blessed our district and nation ever since; and Whereas, this phenomenal Proverbs 31 woman, who is the oldest living graduate of Grayson High School, has shared her time and talents as a wife, mother, educator and motivator, becoming a Georgia citizen of great worth, a fearless leader and a servant to all by always advancing the lives of others; and Whereas, Mrs. Foster has been blessed with a long, happy life, devoted to God, Com-munity and Family; and Whereas, Mrs. Foster along with her family and friends are celebrating a remarkable mile-stone, her 110th Birthday, we pause to ac-knowledge a woman who is a cornerstone in Gwinnett County, Georgia; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Foster on her birthday and to wish her well and recognize her for an exemplary life which is an inspira-tion to all; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim March 27, 2016 as Mrs. Runell ‘‘Nell’’ Brooks Foster Day in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 27th day of March, 2016. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE DAN WINN 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Judge Dan Winn, a good friend and dedicated public servant who passed away on May 10th. Judge Winn served the people of Georgia as Polk County Solicitor, and Solicitor General and Superior Court Judge in the Tallapoosa Judicial Circuit, as well as Senior Judge for the State of Georgia. Judge Winn was a resident of Cedartown, Georgia. He selflessly risked his life for our country as a Marine fighter pilot during World War II and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. After the war, he went on to study law, and had a long and distinguished legal career. His lifetime achievements include serving as Georgia’s Assistant Attorney General, a mem-ber of the Georgia Constitution Revision Com-mission and President of the World Jurist Foundation. Judge Winn was the embodiment of a serv-ant leader and was well respected by every-one who knew him. Like his family and many friends, I will miss Judge Winn dearly but I know he lived life to the fullest and made a real difference in our community, state and country. He will not be forgotten. f 
HONORING CAPTAIN JAMES ARCH FOULKS JR. 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-ognition of the life of U.S. Air Force Captain James Arch Foulks Jr. and his service as a B– 29 pilot in the 372nd Bomber Squadron. On Friday, June 17, 2016, surrounded by his fam-ily, Captain Foulks was presented with nothing less than full military honors and a customary fly-over in Arlington Cemetery. A native of Union City, Tennessee, Captain Foulks made the ultimate sacrifice for our free-dom on October 23, 1951 during the Korean War, when his plane was shot down near the Yellow Sea. Though some of his crew sur-vived, including a handful of Prisoners of War, he and others on his crew were listed as Miss-ing in Action. I sincerely express my gratitude to Captain James Foulks for his service and his member-ship in the ranks of those who have sacrificed their lives in the name of freedom. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WALTER AND MIRIAM HENDERSON 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, Walter and Miriam Henderson are celebrating fifty (50) years in marriage today in Rockdale County, Georgia; and Whereas, their union on March 26, 1966 blessed our community with a family that has enhanced our district; and Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious man of God and this phenomenal and virtuous Proverbs 31 woman are beacons of light to those in need, their church and the many friends from across the state of Georgia; and Whereas, Mr. and Mrs. Henderson are dis-tinguished citizens of our state; they are spir-itual warriors, persons of compassion, fearless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.001 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE960 June 21, 2016 
leaders and servants to all; they are vision-aries who have shared with their family and our community their passion to improve the lives of others; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mr. Walter and Mrs. Miriam Henderson as they celebrate their 50th Anniversary, fifty (50) years in marital bliss; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim March 26, 2016 as Mr. Walter and Mrs. Miriam Hender-son Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 26th day of March, 2016. 
f 
HONORING MARY DUBOIS IN CELE-BRATION OF HER 90TH BIRTH-DAY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my congratulations to Mary Dubois in celebration of her reaching the milestone 90th birthday. As she reflects on the great memories and milestones that have highlighted the past nine-ty years, I know she will think fondly on all that she’s accomplished and the positive impact she’s had on New Hampshire. It is with great admiration that I congratulate Ms. Dubois on achieving this wonderful mile-stone, and wish her the best on all future en-deavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PASTOR MICHAEL SHINN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, Pastor Michael A. Shinn is cele-brating twenty-five (25) years in Pastoral lead-ership this year at New World Harvest Church and has provided stellar leadership to the church on an international level; and Whereas, Pastor Michael A. Shinn under the guidance of God has pioneered and sus-tained New World Harvest Church as an in-strument in our community that uplifts the spir-itual, physical and mental welfare of our citi-zens; and Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious man of God has given hope to the hopeless, fed the hungry and is a beacon of light to those in need; and Whereas, Pastor Shinn is a spiritual warrior, a man of compassion, a fearless leader and a servant to all, but most of all a visionary who has shared with his Church, our District and the world his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Pastor Michael A. Shinn as he celebrates twenty-five years on his Pastoral Anniversary; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby pro-claim March 18, 2016 as Pastor Michael A. Shinn Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 18th day of March, 2016. f 
SUPPORT FOR S. 2133, H.R. 4902, AND H.R. 4639 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support the bipartisan legislation reported from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for consideration today by the full House. I urge my colleagues to support the Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act (S. 2133). I joined Chairman M
EADOWS of the Government Operations Subcommittee to introduce the House companion, H.R. 4180. Our bipartisan, bicameral legislation will prompt agencies to become more pro-active in deploying best practices to continuously monitor their financial data to better detect and deter fraudulent ac-tivities. The fight against fraud and improper pay-ments is a long-standing challenge tran-scending Presidential administrations and af-fecting all federal agencies. Our Committee has investigated this issue in depth, and when it comes to rooting out fraud, we would be wise to heed Benjamin Franklin’s famous axiom that, ‘‘An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.’’ As my colleagues will recall, GAO earlier this year reported that improper payments made by the federal government totaled nearly $137 billion in fiscal year 2015. Over a 10- year period, that’s more than $1.2 trillion dol-lars, or the equivalent of the spending cuts re-quired under sequestration. Federal agencies ought to be doing more to stop these improper payments on the front end, and this should be considered low-hanging fruit in our ongoing ef-fort to curb government waste. In addition, I was pleased to collaborate with Chairman H
URD of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform IT Subcommittee to introduce the Air and Marine Officers Pay Reform Act (H.R. 4902) to improve the efficiency of the pay system for law enforcement officers of the Customs and Border Protections’ Air and Ma-rine Operations. These officers are currently compensated for their overtime through a variety of systems including Administratively Uncontrollable Over-time, which according to the U.S. Office of Special Counsel has a troubling history of mis-use. Our legislation harmonizes the pay sys-tems to avoid situations in which employees of CBP are working side-by-side yet subject to different overtime calculations. This bipartisan legislation addresses that issue and clarifies agent payroll procedures. It is imperative that Congress create a new pay system for Border Patrol agents because there are still hundreds of officers and Internal Affairs employees op-erating under an older, abused system. In addition to addressing inequities and sav-ing the agency $1.6 million in the first year, this legislation continues our effort to improve efficiency and interoperability across the fed-eral government. Our bill reflects a collabo-rative effort with the majority and minority, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in sup-port of H.R. 4902. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to sup-port the legislation introduced by Reps. B
LUM and MEADOWS (H.R. 4639) to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel. Mr. M
EADOWS and I held a Government Operations Sub-committee hearing on this subject in Decem-ber. At that time, we looked at the peculiar sit-uation of the Office of Special Counsel, along with the Merit Systems Protection Board and the Office of Government Ethics. These three agencies are some of the smallest agencies in the federal government, but their work has a tremendous impact on the integrity of the fed-eral civil service. Unfortunately, the authoriza-tions for these agencies expired in 2007, yet they’ve been sustained by annual appropria-tions, so Congressional action is long overdue. The Office of Special Counsel’s primary mission is to protect federal employees from prohibited personnel practices, enforce the Hatch Act, and enforce employment rights under the Uniform Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act for federal employ-ees who have served in the uniformed serv-ices. It also serves as the front line of defense for whistleblowers who disclose government wrong doing. The bill would reauthorize the OSC through fiscal year 2020. It would make several changes to OSC’s statutory authority that would, among other things, enhance its ac-cess to federal agency information, increase agency accountability in whistleblower disclo-sure cases, and modify procedural require-ments for certain prohibited personnel practice cases. For example, it would provide OSC with statutory authority to access agency infor-mation for the purposes of its investigations in a manner similar to Inspectors General. An-other provision would require agencies to pro-vide a description of the actions they have taken when OSC substantiates misconduct on the part of an employee. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipartisan spirit in which our Committee has worked to advance these bills, and I hope we can sus-tain this momentum to continue improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the federal gov-ernment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO YULINDA COOK 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, twenty-eight years ago a virtuous woman of God accepted her calling to serve in the Social Security Administration; and Whereas, Mrs. Yulinda Cook begun her ca-reer as a Teleservice Representative in Bir-mingham, Alabama with the Social Security Administration, where she educated and mentored throughout her many years of serv-ice as a Technical Expert, providing stellar leadership and outstanding service to our community and ending her tenure as an Oper-ations Supervisor in the Gwinnett Field Office in November, 2015; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman has shared her time and talents, giving the citizens of our District a friend to help those in need as a fearless leader and servant to all, who ensured that the system worked for everyone; and Whereas, Mrs. Yulinda Cook is a wife, mother and grandmother; she is also a corner-stone in our community who has enhanced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.002 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE961 June 21, 2016 
the lives of thousands for the betterment of our District and Nation; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Yulinda Cook on her retirement and to wish her well in her new endeavors; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim Feb-ruary 27, 2016 as Mrs. Yulinda Cook Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 27th day of February, 2016. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF FIRE AND RESCUE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the Prince William County Depart-ment of Fire and Rescue on its 50th anniver-sary and to commend the men and women who have selflessly served in the Department during its history. What is now the third largest career fire de-partment in the Commonwealth of Virginia began in 1966 with the hiring of Phil Ponder from Dumfries as the first paid firefighter and Shelby Jones of Williamsburg as the first fire marshal in the county. Later that year, Mr. Jones was appointed Director of Fire and Res-cue Services, the equivalent of today’s Depart-ment Chief. Prior to 1966, the local community relied solely upon the Occoquan-Woodbridge- Lorton Volunteer Fire Department that was formed in approximately 1938 out of necessity because there were no fire and rescue serv-ices offered between the cities of Alexandria and Fredericksburg. Since its inception, the Prince William De-partment of Fire and Rescue has led the way. In 1967, Prince William County became the first jurisdiction on the East Coast to imple-ment the 911 System. That same year, Prince William became the first county in the Com-monwealth and the National Capital Region to implement a physical ability exam for career firefighters. In 1994, Mary Beth Michos was hired as Chief; and became the first female fire and rescue chief of a metro-sized depart-ment. The Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue continues to maintain one of the most progressive combination fire de-partments in the country and its legacy of ‘‘firsts’’ continues. It is one of only three juris-dictions in the Commonwealth of Virginia with delegated training authority granted by the Vir-ginia Department of Fire Programs. Always on the front lines, the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue came to the aid of those directly impacted by the tragic events of September 11th in New York City and at the Pentagon. When tragedy struck again in 2005, Prince William fire pro-tection personnel swung into action to provide assistance to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. The Department of Fire and Rescue is com-prised of three sections: community safety, op-erations, and support systems. At the time of the Department’s founding, approximately 50,000 people lived in Prince William County. Today, the Department of Fire and Rescue ef-fectively serves a population of 432,000 with a staff of 555 uniformed and 60 civilian per-sonnel providing around the clock services from 21 fire stations in a county spanning 348 square miles. In 2015, the Department re-sponded to approximately 48,000 calls, and it recently broke ground for Station 26, which is expected to open in mid-2017. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue as it celebrates 50 years of serv-ice to the residents of the county. I thank the brave men and women of the Department as well as its leadership for their tireless commit-ment to public safety and the protection of lives and property in Prince William County. f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN WEST 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the Native Daughters of the Golden West non-profit organization by proclaiming June 21, 2016 as Native Daugh-ters of the Golden West Day. The Native Daughters of the Golden West was founded on September 11, 1886 in Jack-son, California by Lilly O’Reichling. The non- profit Mutual Benefit Corporation of Women was established on the principles of love of the home, devotion to the flag of our country, veneration of the pioneers of California, and an abiding faith in the existence of God. The Native Daughters of the Golden West will be celebrating its 130th year of admirable work for our great State of California. They have grown to over 4,500 dedicated members and 80 Parlors throughout the Golden State. The society remains true visionaries and con-tinues to be one of many stable and thriving women’s non-profit organizations. The Native Daughters of the Golden West offers its members a variety of valuable chari-table organizations including, but not limited to, children’s foundations, veterans’ welfare, education and scholarships, and mission res-toration. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the Native Daughters of the Golden West upon this important milestone and for their exuberance and dedication to our State of California. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO POLICE CHIEF WILLIS D. BOOTH 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize a man who served his community of Clearwater, Florida for many years, former Clearwater Police Chief Willis D. Booth. Former Chief Booth is being inducted into the Florida Law Enforcement Officers Hall of Fame. Chief Booth was born November 12, 1924 in Safety Harbor, Florida and is the great grandson of the man credited to be the first settler of Pinellas County peninsula, Mr. Count Odet Phillipe. Chief Booth graduated from Clearwater High School in 1942 and started his career in law enforcement September 6th, 1947. It did not take long for Chief Booth to rise through the ranks. He was promoted to Ser-geant on August 16th, 1949 and subsequently enrolled and graduated from the Southern Po-lice Institute in 1953. Four years later, on July 28th, 1953, he advanced to the status of Cap-tain. During this time, Booth was the man ev-eryone could rely on filling in for any position when necessary, including as Senior Captain and Acting Chief when the acting officers were unavailable. Finally, when his predecessor, Chief Irving Dribben retired, Chief Booth was chosen to succeed him and became Chief on November 4th, 1957. While Chief Booth was the Chief of Police for 11 years, he was a member of numerous groups and committees. He was a member of the International Association of Chiefs of Po-lice and was a part of the Public Relations Committee in 1963. Additionally, he served on the Membership Committee and on the Re-gional Committee on Education and Training for Florida, Georgia, and Alabama. He was also on the Board of Directors of the Florida Police Chiefs Association, Tampa Bay Area Chiefs of Police Association, and served as president for both. In 1968, Chief Booth retired from his role in the Clearwater Police Department to accept the position of Assistant Director of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and to con-tinue making a difference in communities around the state. I want to thank Former Chief Willis Booth for his years of service to our community as a member of Florida Law En-forcement. I ask that this body join me in rec-ognizing his service and congratulating him on a distinguished career. He is an important part of the history of Pinellas County and is most deserving of his induction into the Florida Law Enforcement Officers Hall of Fame. f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. JULIA AARON HUMBLES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I present the following U.S. Citizen of Distinc-tion: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the life of Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles, who gave of herself in order for others to stand; and Whereas, her dedicated service is present in New Orleans, Louisiana and Metropolitan Atlanta, for all to see her as an unwavering advocate of justice for the youth, the elderly, the poor and the downtrodden; and Whereas, this remarkable, positive woman with a beautiful smile gave of herself, her time and her talent; never asking for fame or for-tune but only to uplift those in need; and Whereas, she led by example from behind the scenes, and was on the frontline for our nation; she was an original Freedom Rider in the 1960s, an active member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), a member of the Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.004 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE962 June 21, 2016 
of Racial Equality (CORE), a Goodwill Ambas-sador for her community, a charter member of her beloved church, New Beginning Full Gos-pel Baptist Church of Decatur, Georgia; and Whereas, this virtuous Proverbs 31 woman was a mother, a grandmother, a great-grand-mother, a wife, a daughter, a friend, a warrior, a matriarch, and a woman of great integrity; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles for her leadership, friendship and service to all of the citizens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; now there-fore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Mrs. Julia Aaron Humbles of DeKalb County, Geor-gia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’ Mrs. Julia Aaron Hum-bles, U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Dis-trict of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 6th day of February, 2016. 
f 
COMMENDING PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE CHAIR-MAN DALENA KANOUSE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Dalena Kanouse on the completion of her term as Chairman of the Prince William Chamber of Commerce. Each July, a new Chairman assumes the responsibility of work-ing with Chamber staff and board members to promote the interests of the local business community. After the passing of her late husband, SGM (Ret) Sam Kanouse in 2009, Mrs. Kanouse assumed the reins of his business, Manage-ment and Training Consultants, Incorporated (MTCI) as President and Chief Executive Offi-cer. As a U.S. Department of Defense con-tractor, Mrs. Kanouse sets the strategic vision and strives for excellence as the leader of more than 100 employees. Mrs. Kanouse brought the same resolve to her role as Chairman. Recognizing the evo-lution of the Northern Virginia economy, she stressed the importance of remaining current on workforce development trends and broad-ening a business’ footprint within the field of government contracting. She also led the Prince William Chamber’s workgroup on the establishment of a 3-year strategic plan. The Prince William Chamber of Commerce represents the interests of nearly 70,000 em-ployees in the metropolitan community of 432,000 residents. Dedicated to maintaining an environment where businesses and people thrive, the Prince William Chamber focuses its efforts in the area of business growth, eco-nomic development, advocacy, education, and community outreach. Signature events include the Prince William Valor Awards, Business Awards, Education and Innovation Scholarship Program, and Salute to the Armed Services Luncheon. As a military spouse, mother of two, and grandmother to three, Mrs. Kanouse has prov-en to be a strong advocate for military families and early childhood education both personally and professionally. She actively serves on multiple committees and councils within the Chamber, including the Chambers Veterans Council and Education and Innovation Com-mittee. Under Mrs. Kanouse’s leadership, the Chamber awarded $7,500 in scholarships to local high school students this year. Mrs. Kanouse is a strong believer in practicing what she preaches. As a display of her commitment to hiring veterans, MTCI maintains a Bronze Level Certification in the Virginia Values Vet-erans (V3) program. During her tenure, Mrs. Kanouse increased Chamber membership, re-tention, and utilized her personal network to expand the reach of the Prince William Cham-ber of Commerce in the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Dalena Kanouse on her effec-tive leadership and successes as Chairman. Mrs. Kanouse has proven herself to be a vi-sionary leader whose efforts will leave a last-ing impression on the Prince William Chamber of Commerce and the community it serves. f 
COMMENDING AND CONGRATU-LATING FAY G. CARBULLIDO AFTER 40 YEARS OF SERVICE ON GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Fay Diana Garrido Carbullido on her retirement after 40 years of service as a Registered Nurse on Guam. Fay has diligently served our commu-nity in almost every arena of nursing, including numerous leadership positions with the Guam Department of Education, Guam Department of Public Health and Social Services, Guam Memorial Hospital, and Naval Hospital Guam. Fay was born on January 9, 1953 to Facundo Diego Borja Garrido and Florencia Crisostomo Lizama Garrido of Agana Heights. She was drawn to the nursing profession by her father, who served in the U.S. Navy, and mother, who was a Navy trained nurse. As a teenager, Fay volunteered as a Candy Striper at the Guam Memorial Hospital. Upon her graduation from the Academy of Our Lady of Guam in 1971, Fay was awarded the Govern-ment of Guam’s Professional Technical Schol-arship to study nursing. She received her Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing from Seattle University in 1975. She began her career providing direct nurs-ing care in community and teaching hospitals. She was employed at the University of Cali-fornia—Davis Medical Center, where she worked to support her soon to be husband, Franklin Philip Carbullido, while he attended law school. Fay and Phil were married on Au-gust 2, 1976. She is the daughter-in-law of Francisco Chaco Carbullido and Maria Salas Castro Carbullido of Chalan Pago. They have four children: Brandon, Kristina, Adam, and Steven, and their family has been extended by Kristina’s marriage to Charles Rapadas and their only grandson, Kellan Philip. When Philip graduated from law school in 1978, they returned home to Guam. She con-tinued as a hospital nurse caring for patients in the Emergency Room and Critical Care Unit, Labor & Delivery, and Medical-Surgical wards at Guam Memorial Hospital. After the birth of her first child, Fay decided she needed to work regular hours. A majority of her career was as a school health counselor and school nurse for the Guam Department of Education, a position she held for nearly 18 years from 1979–1984, 1989–1995, and 1997–2003. She cared for thousands of students during her assignments at Finegayan Elementary, Carbullido Elemen-tary, C.L. Taitano Elementary and Tamuning Elementary Schools. As a school nurse, Fay demonstrated a kind and gentle care for each student, at times having up to 30 students in her health room. Many who have grown still fondly refer to her as Nurse Fay. Between her assignments as a school nurse, Fay served in several leadership and administrative positions with GDOE and the Guam Department of Public Health and Social Services. She was the School Health Program Coordinator of the entire education department from 1984–1989, where she oversaw the com-prehensive School Health Program for all of Guam’s public schools. Under her leadership, she championed having a school nurse in every public school and worked collaboratively with government agencies and private medical providers on issues affecting school-aged chil-dren. In 1995, she was recruited by a Northern California home care agency to establish Guam’s first home care nursing service, which provided much needed services and care to elderly and homebound patients throughout Guam. From 1995–1997, Fay was appointed to several positions within DPHSS, including the Community Health Nurse Supervisor then Administrator of the Bureau of Family Health and Nursing Services. She was Maternal and Child Health Program Director, and Alternate Response Activity Coordinator during times of typhoons and the Korean Airlines Flight 801 crash. She provided expert advice to depart-ment directors and senior leadership within the Government of Guam, including the Governor of Guam, and worked with local leaders to ex-pand public health programs and nursing serv-ices in Guam and the Pacific region. Fay retired from the Government of Guam in 2003 after 27 years of local government service when she was recruited by Naval Hos-pital Guam to be the Patient Safety Manager. She established and coordinated Naval Hos-pital’s first Patient Safety Program that re-sulted in two successful accreditation surveys by The Joint Commission. In 2009 she transitioned to be the Breast Health Coordi-nator where she worked with medical staff, pa-tients and their families to provide support and education to more than 300 women with breast health concerns. She is currently the Population Health Nurse who worked closely with medical providers and patients to bring Naval Hospital Guam to be among the Top 3 in Navy Medicine for several months. Throughout her life, Fay has been an active member of our community. She is a member of numerous professional associations, and spearheaded initiatives to raise awareness of health issues and disease prevention on Guam and the Pacific region. She worked with the Government of Guam and community part-ners to establish the Hemophilia Foundation of Guam, where she served as a founding mem-ber, vice chairwoman and board member. She has served as the chair of the Guam Board of Nurse Examiners, Guam Interagency Consor-tium for Individuals with Special Needs, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.006 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE963 June 21, 2016 
Pediatric Evaluation and Development Serv-ices, and she was Guam’s Delegate to the National Association of School Nurses. She is also a former vice chair of the American Red Cross Guam Chapter, charter member of So-roptimist International of the Marianas, and member of the Guam Memorial Hospital Vol-unteers Association, among other organiza-tions. Fay is also deeply involved in Guam’s Catholic Church, as a member of the Christian Mothers, Legion of Mary Auxiliary, and Catho-lic Daughters of America. Fay has had an exceptional career and has made our island a better place. I join our com-munity in commending her for her tireless work to advance health issues on the island. On behalf of the people of Guam and a grate-ful nation, I extend my deepest appreciation to Fay Carbullido for her 40 years of dedicated service to our island and our country. I con-gratulate her on her retirement and I wish her the best as she begins the next chapter of her life. Thank you (Si Yu’os Ma’ase), Fay. 
f 
TRUBUTE TO MR. HAROLD BUCKLEY 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I present the following U.S. Citizen of Distinc-tion: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the leadership and service of Mr. Harold S. Buckley, Sr.; and Whereas, Mr. Buckley served our nation with honor and valor in the United States Army. He demonstrated unquestionable lead-ership and courage as a soldier devoted in protecting our nation; and Whereas, Mr. Buckley served and led our district in DeKalb County as a steadfast pillar of our community by being ever so watchful of issues that would hinder constituents. His 30- year tenure on the MARTA Board of Directors stands as the longest in the Authority’s His-tory. He served residential and commercial cli-ents through his thriving real estate office; and Whereas, Mr. Buckley advised many elected and appointed officials on issues concerning the public, he also promoted supporting local small businesses; and served as a history- making member of the DeKalb Board of Real-tors; and Whereas, he never asked for fame or for-tune, nor found a job too small or too big; he gave of himself, his time, his talent and his life to uplift those in need by demonstrating un-wavering commitment to protecting and serv-ing the citizens of DeKalb County; and Whereas, he was a husband, a father, a grandfather and friend; he was a man of great integrity who remained true to the uplifting and service of my district; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia recognizes Mr. Har-old S. Buckley, Sr., as a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby at-test to the 114th Congress that Mr. Harold S. Buckley, Sr., is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’ by declaring Mr. Harold S. Buckley, Sr. U.S. Citizen of Distinc-tion in the 4th Congressional District of Geor-gia. Proclaimed, this 27th day of February, 2016. f 
HONORING THE 26TH ANNUAL MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. YOUTH ORATORICAL CONTEST 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 31st Annual King Day Celebration and the cornerstone of the event, the 26th An-nual Martin Luther King, Jr. Youth Oratorical Contest, hosted by the Prince William Alum-nae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, In-corporated. The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. will forever be engrained in our history as the formative figure in the quest for justice through civil dialogue. His legacy is one of tolerance despite the violence perpetrated against him and other leaders of the Civil Rights Move-ment. Responding through peaceful and prin-cipled communication to condemn the injustice of social and racial inequality, Dr. King worked tirelessly to establish a more united society. In his Letter from a Birmingham Jail, Dr. King highlighted the need for civility in order to es-tablish equality. For his courage, vision, and perseverance, we celebrate Dr. King, not just for the man he was, but for his vision of the American Dream and what America can be. Each year, residents of Prince William County gather to reflect upon the past year and receive a message of hope from the youth of today and leaders of tomorrow. Con-testants in the MLK Youth Oratorical Contest pay homage to the legacy of Dr. King through their effective communication. The ability to communicate with passion and clarity will serve them well as they assume future leader-ship opportunities and establish the personal relationships necessary for community en-gagement. I congratulate the following contestants in the 26th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Youth Oratorical Contest: Middle School Contestants Jennifer Faruque—Stonewall Middle School Zoree Jones—Ronald Reagan Middle School Sunjum Mehta—Porter Traditional School High School Contestants Ja’Neese Jefferson—Manassas Park High School Norman Jones—Stonewall Jackson High School Nicholas Smith—Forest Park High School Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the Prince William Alum-nae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. for showcasing the power of purposeful and meaningful communication reminiscent of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and in congratu-lating the talented contestants in the 2016 MLK Youth Oratorical Contest. 
f 
SPRINKLER FITTERS, LOCAL 550, 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Sprinkler Fitters, Local 550, on the occasion of their 100th Anniversary and to congratulate Business Manager Peter Gibbons as he leads the Sprinkler Fitters, Local 550, into their second century of excellence. Mr. Speaker, on June 17, 1916, United As-sociation General President, John R. Alpine, had the foresight to move the Sprinkler Fitters, Local 550, toward independence from one of the several auxiliary locals, to their now sister local Road Sprinkler Fitters, Local 669. During the United Association General Convention of 1946, the Sprinkler Fitters, Local 550, were awarded their autonomous status. After signifi-cant debate, the delegates voted to give the auxiliaries their independent status and made that status retroactive to the signing of each charter. In the case of Local 550, their status was retroactively dated on June 17, 1916. Until 1993, Local 550 had offices at various locations in Boston and monthly union meet-ings were hosted in several different locations. On November 1, 1993, Sprinkler Fitters, Local 550, moved into their newly reconstructed home at 46 Rockland Street in West Roxbury, Massachusetts; a building which was large enough to house a union meeting hall. Iron-ically, the building was destroyed twice by fire damage during previous inceptions as the Leiderkranz German Club, and the Roberts Post, before Local 550 purchased the land and commenced renovations that included the installation of a working fire protection system. The purchase and renovations were overseen by the late Brother George McCarthy, who served as Business Manager for 30 years from 1974 until 2004 when current Business Manager, Financial Secretary, Peter Gibbons took office. The Rockland Street location also served as the original home to the Local 550, Appren-ticeship Training Facility until 2014 when, under the direction of Business Manager and Joint Apprenticeship Coordinator Peter Gib-bons and the entire Joint Apprenticeship Com-mittee, the apprentices were relocated to a new, state-of-the-art training center in Wey-mouth, Massachusetts. At present, appren-tices are now trained in all aspects of the in-stallation and inspection of fire protection sys-tems, while capably providing the future work-force of Local 550. Among the many skills they learn, apprentices of Local 550 are pro-vided with hands-on training using actual working fire pumps that flow water to facilitate training in the installation and inspection of all aspects of fire pumps. Included in the new training facility is a mock two-story house con-structed within the training center where ap-prentices learn to plan and implement sprin-kler installations. This hands-on approach fully prepares apprentices for real life situations that often arise on the job. Mr. Speaker, there have been many changes in the industry since the Local’s in-ception 100 years ago, but the one thing that has remained constant is the bond of the Union Brotherhood and Local 550’s commit-ment to the communities they serve. Not only are there nearly 650 Local 550 hardworking brothers and sisters quick to lend a hand to fellow members, they are also known for their tremendous acts of selfless charitable giving to the many communities throughout the state. Local 550 members have donated their time and resources to many important community efforts. These projects include the Gavin Foundation, Chez-Vous Roller Rink, and Habi-tat for Humanity. In addition, Local 550 mem-bers sponsor a golf fundraiser; most recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.008 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE964 June 21, 2016 
benefitting the Phoenix Society, which sup-ports burn survivors. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of the Sprin-kler Fitters, Local 550, 100th Anniversary Gala weekend held June 24 through June 26, 2016 in Boston, I rise to extend my congratulations and appreciation for Local 550’s 100 years of service to the City of Boston and the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts. I look forward to continuing my work with the outstanding men and women of Sprinkler Fitters, Local 550, and wish them nothing but success for the next 100 years. Congratulations on this momentous occa-sion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO 2ND LT. GERALD ‘‘BUD’’ BERRY 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Veteran 2nd Lieutenant Gerald ‘‘Bud’’ Berry for his actions during World War II and during D-Day, June 6, 1944. 2nd Lt. Berry was drafted in 1942 and signed up for the Aviation Cadet Program. It took him a year to complete the training and upon graduation, he earned his 2nd Lieuten-ant ranking. A couple months later, he was sent overseas to begin training for the Army Air Corps. There 2nd Lt. Berry was assigned a specialized flight plan to assist in the United States effort on D-Day. He was assigned to towing gliders to the front and flying the 91st squadron of the 439th troop carrier group. He was responsible for fly-ing the paratroopers over their designated landing zones, and for capturing any gliders that were in good enough shape to reuse. On D-Day, 2nd Lt. Berry was prepared and suc-cessfully completed his portion of the mission helping the Allied forces begin their surge to victory in the War. I want to thank and acknowledge 2nd Lt. Gerald Berry for his honor, duty, and sacrifice for our country. He was a part of a mission that changed the course of history, and his ef-forts will be revered and remembered. I ex-tend my deepest gratitude to 2nd Lt. Berry for his service. I ask that this body join me in rec-ognizing him for his service. 
f 
HONORING THE 2016 FAIRFAX COUNTY STUDENT PEACE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 2016 Fairfax County Student Peace Awards. The program was begun in 2006 with the hope of moving people to think more about peace as both a means and an end, and to recognize young people who work as peace-makers. The program began with one high school and expanded gradually from there. In 2013, for the first time, it was offered to every public high school in Fairfax County, as well as to three private schools. Participating high schools choose one Jun-ior or Senior or one student group active in promoting peace and/or removing the causes of conflict. Examples of outreach include: Committing to peace by engaging in activi-ties that strive to end conflict, either locally or globally; Seeking to discuss or otherwise resolve po-tentially controversial issues within the school or community; Promoting the understanding of divisive issues and situations to bridge language, eth-nic, racial, religious, gender, sexual orienta-tion, or class differences; and Working to resolve conflicts among students or members of the community who feel iso-lated or alienated. I am pleased to submit the names of this year’s Student Peace Award winners: Anti-Bullying Committee, Cedar Lane School Jieru Shi, Senior, Chantilly High School Smriti Subedi, Senior, Herndon High School Laith Abuhaija, Senior, Islamic Saudi Acad-emy Renata Urbina De la Flor, Senior, Lake Braddock Secondary School Catherine White, Senior, Langley High School Cindy Le/Quan Lu, Seniors, Robert E. Lee High School Kenzie Hines, Senior, James Madison High School Doreen Ndizeye, Senior, George C. Mar-shall High School Michelle Ma, Senior, McLean High School Trevor Christensen, Senior, Mount Vernon High School Student Contributors to The Mountain View Mirror Mountain View High School Stepping Stones Club, Oakton High School Sara Hobbs, Senior, Quander Road School Burke Centre Library Teen Advisory Board Robinson Secondary School Kyle Engelhardt, Senior, South County High School Aditi Takle, Senior, South Lakes High School Sam Laveson, Senior, JEB Stuart High School Kristin Myers, Junior, Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology Bennett Shoop, Senior, West Springfield High School Logan Mannikko, Senior, Westfield High School Daniel Kim, Junior, W.T. Woodson High School Mr. Speaker, the efforts of these young peo-ple to build a more peaceful world in their own communities and the building blocks of a more peaceful world. I commend them on their awards and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating them and wishing them great success in all their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE JORDAN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I present the following U.S. Citizen of Distinc-tion: Whereas, our lives have been touched by the life of this extraordinary woman, who has given of herself in order for others to stand; and Whereas, Mrs. Joyce Ann Johnson Jordan’s work is present in the lives of the many people she has touched during her time here on earth; a joyful woman who believed in living a life with no regrets. She loved to travel, dance and was a connoisseur of music; and Whereas, this remarkable woman gave of her time, talent and life; she never asked for fame or fortune while uplifting those in need. She just wanted to do what was right; and Whereas, Mrs. Jordan led by working be-hind the scenes for the causes that mattered to her the most; she loved God, her family and her friends; Mrs. Jordan was a warrior, a ma-triarch, a woman of great integrity who re-mained true to the uplifting of her family as a wife, sister and aunt; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to bestow a Congressional recognition on Mrs. Joyce Ann Johnson Jordan for her lead-ership, friendship and service to all of the citi-zens in Georgia and throughout the Nation; a citizen of great worth and so noted distinction; now therefore, I, HENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby attest to the 114th Congress that Mrs. Joyce Ann Johnson Jordan of Geor-gia is deemed worthy and deserving of this ‘‘Congressional Honor’’ Mrs. Joyce Ann John-son Jordan U.S. Citizen of Distinction in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 2nd day of April, 2016. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMBERS OF RESCUE RESTON 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize and congratulate the members of Res-cue Reston on being named the 2015 Citizen of the Year by the Reston Citizens Associa-tion. The Citizen of the Year Award tradition-ally honors an individual or group of individ-uals who have contributed to the quality of life in Reston, helped others in need, or acted with the goals of Reston in mind without thought of personal benefit or recognition. Rescue Reston is a grassroots organization comprised of thousands of Restonians who united to support preserving the Reston Na-tional Golf Course as open green space. Res-ton and the surrounding area have witnessed an explosion of growth and development in re-cent years. The preservation of public parks and open space is crucial in ensuring the high quality of life that is enjoyed by Fairfax County residents and honoring Reston’s founding prin-ciples. It is fitting that this award is given by one grassroots organization to another. It speaks yet again to the legacy that the founder of Reston, Robert E. Simon, leaves behind. I be-lieve that such a high level of engagement is one of the best indicators of a healthy and vi-brant community. As a former civic association president, I am uniquely aware of the impact that these orga-nizations can have, not only in their local com-munity but also in the surrounding area. Their efforts give the members of that organization a sense of ownership and serve as a constant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.010 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE965 June 21, 2016 
reminder that a thoughtful, organized group of citizens can indeed bring about change. Mr. Speaker, the efforts of Rescue Reston on behalf of the greater Reston community are selfless undertakings which are truly worthy of our highest praise. I commend them on their award and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating them and wishing them great success in all their future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING DR. TOM SHIEH ON HIS 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Dr. Thomas Shieh as he celebrates 20 years of service to the people of Guam. Dr. Shieh is the president and owner of Dr. Shieh’s Clinic in Tamuning, Guam. Dr. Shieh’s Clinic has served as one of Guam’s leading clinics in women’s services since 1999. Dr. Shieh came to Guam by way of the U.S. Navy as a Medical Officer. He served in the Naval Hospital Guam for four years, and as the Chief of Gynecology for the last two years. After completion of his active duty service and falling in love with the island community, Dr. Shieh decided to make Guam his permanent home and opened a practice of his own. Since serving as an OB/GYN on Guam, Dr. Shieh has delivered over 8,000 babies. He is often recognized for being one of Guam’s most ac-cessible doctors. He keeps a close relation-ship with his patients and families and is al-ways a phone call away. Not only does he care for his patients, he seeks to educate each woman about their health and medical needs. As a physician-owned practice, Dr. Shieh’s Clinic is patient driven and practices the philosophy, ‘‘Patients First.’’ He is a reli-able consultant for thousands of patients and medical professionals on Guam and the Asia- Pacific Region. He has been able to maintain and grow his personal business for the past 16 years to build on his service from the Naval Hospital Guam and provide important services to the island. As a board certified physician and fellow of the American College of Obstetrics and Gyne-cology, Dr. Shieh is one of the most experi-enced and desired ob-gyns on the island. He serves as the president of the Guam Medical Association, comprised of more than 300 phy-sicians, nurses and medical professionals. As a part of the Guam Medical Association, Dr. Shieh lobbies for legislation and policy to bet-ter the health care for the people of Guam. He works to bring the latest technology in health care and ensures that medications are avail-able to provide best services to patients. Dr. Shieh was responsible for establishing the first ever bone marrow donor registration drive for Guam and increasing Pacific Islanders in the national database by 80 percent. He has also organized medical missions to help with relief efforts after natural disasters in the region. Throughout his service on Guam, Dr. Shieh has always demonstrated a strong commit-ment to community involvement, volunteerism and philanthropy. Most notably, Dr. Shieh has established a scholar athlete scholarship fund to assist students pursue higher education. He also sponsors an annual volleyball tournament and organizes health fairs and outreach events in the community. Again, I congratulate Dr. Shieh, his wife Raven, daughters Tiffany and Beverly, and Dr. Shieh’s Clinic on 20 years of service to the people of Guam. I join the people of Guam in commending them for their service and dedi-cation, and thanking them for their many con-tributions to our island community. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,252,984,535,317.64. We’ve added $8,626,107,486,404.56 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8.6 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2016 ASIAN-AMERICAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE EXCEL-LENCE AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Asian-American Chamber of Com-merce and the recipients of the 2016 Excel-lence Awards. The Asian-American Chamber of Commerce (AACC) is dedicated to improving economic development opportunities for Asian Pacific American-owned businesses in the Wash-ington, D.C., region. The 11th District of Vir-ginia is blessed by its diversity. About 1 in 4 residents are foreign born and approximately 40 percent are minorities. Half of our foreign- born population emigrated from Asia, and more than 80,000 of our neighbors speak an Asian language at home. Northern Virginia has a robust international business community and is home to the larg-est concentration of minority-owned tech-nology firms in the nation. The AACC and its members contribute greatly to our economic strength and stability; Asian-American busi-nesses generate more than 52 percent of total revenues generated by all minority owned businesses in this region. In Fairfax County alone, 25,000 businesses are Asian-owned. These businesses generate approximately $9 billion in revenue and create 54,000 jobs. Each year, the AACC recognizes busi-nesses and non-profits in the Asian American community for their outstanding contributions to the Metropolitan Washington community and economy. I am pleased to submit the names of the following individuals and organi-zations: Citizen of the Year Ruth Crout, Fred Plum Young Professional of the Year Frank Chin New Member of the Year Dave and Joanne Adams Laura Drain Member of the Year Shakha Agrawal Business of the Year Kyllo and Pattana Cox Non-Profit of the Year Youth for Tomorrow Epoch Times Asian Business Leader of the Year Grace Kim Jimmy Rhee Chairman’s Award Audrey Lustre Oanh Henry Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the recipients of the 2016 Asian-American Chamber of Commerce Excel-lence Awards and in commending the Cham-ber for its work to support Asian and Pacific Islander owned businesses throughout our re-gion. f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY BAISDEN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, reaching the age of 80 years is a remarkable milestone; and Whereas, Mrs. Betty Jane Baisden was born on March 19, 1936 and today she is celebrating that milestone; and Whereas, Mrs. Baisden has been blessed with a long, happy life, devoted to God and credits it all to the Will of God; she has been a devoted Christian since her childhood days to present as President of the Mothers Board at Mt. Vernon Baptist Church in Atlanta, Geor-gia; and Whereas, Mrs. Baisden is celebrating her 80th Birthday with her family members, church members and friends here in Georgia, she celebrates a life of blessings; as a Mother, Grandmother, friend, community servant and leader; and Whereas, the Lord has been her Shepherd throughout her life and she prays daily and is leading by example a blessed life; an advo-cate, faithful matriarch and a community lead-er; and Whereas, we are honored that she is cele-brating the milestone of her 80th birthday in the 4th District of Georgia; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Betty Jane Baisden for an exemplary life which is an in-spiration to all; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ J OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim March 19, 2016 as Mrs. Betty Jane Baisden Day in the 4th Congressional District of Geor-gia. Proclaimed, this 19th day of March, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.012 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE966 June 21, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO DALE K. JOHNSON, RANDALL KAHLE, AND RONNIE BENNETT 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize three members of our community, Mr. Dale K. Johnson, Mr. Randall Kahle, and Mr. Ronnie Bennett for being selected by the St. Petersburg Civitan Club as citizens of Pinellas whose work for the community exemplifies the club’s pillars of service, fellowship, and knowl-edge. Civitan International is an association of vol-unteer service clubs that started in 1917 and now has more than 40,000 members across the country and internationally. The mission of this collection of groups is to build good citi-zenship by creating a volunteer network of service clubs that address individual and com-munity needs. They specialize in serving peo-ple with developmental disabilities. The St. Petersburg chapter was established on April 12, 1921, and for the past 95 years it has been a part of many efforts to support children and adults who require extra assist-ance due to a disability. Since 1986, the St. Petersburg chapter has honored and recognized outstanding members of the Police and Fire departments of the area. This year, the three honorees are: Police Field Training Officer Dale K. Johnson, Fire Officer Randall Kahle, and Firefighter Ronnie Bennett. These three have exemplified the high standards of the Civitan Club, serving people across Pinellas who are especially in need of assistance. I am very happy to have them as my neighbors here in Pinellas Coun-ty. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge these three exceptional individuals for their hard work. They are most deserving of this recognition from the Civitan Club and I hope they continue to support those in need within Pinellas County. I ask that this body join me in thanking these three exceptional individuals for their exceptional service. 
f 
HONORING THE SHEPHERD’S CENTER OF OAKTON-VIENNA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the volunteers of the Shepherd’s Cen-ter of Oakton-Vienna and to thank them for their many contributions to the Northern Vir-ginia community. Organized in 1997, the Shepherd’s Center of Oakton-Vienna (SCOV) is a non-profit that provides services to help older adults continue living independently, and it offers programs that supply opportunities for enrichment, learning, and socialization. Every year, approximately 200 volunteers support older residents who want to age in place in their homes and stay engaged in so-cial activities. Services are available free of charge to anyone age 50 or older who resides in the local community. Last year was a particularly successful year for SCOV, whose volunteer drivers provided more than 1,400 round-trip rides for medical reasons and other errands. Volunteers also made regular contact with individuals who may have limited interaction and may feel isolated in their homes. ‘‘Handy Helpers’’ made minor home repairs to help older adults keep their homes safe and livable. The Health Team pro-vided individual health counseling, referral to community resources, and blood pressure readings. All told, SCOV served more than 3,000 indi-viduals in 2015. Volunteers also run programs such as Lunch n’ Life, Adventures in Learning, trips and outings, special events, and care-givers’ support groups. In 2014, SCOV was recognized for these efforts as an Outstanding Volunteer Caregiving Program by the National Volunteer Caregiving Network. The services and programs offered by this extraordinary organization help to ensure that our seniors stay connected to the community through the promotion of active lifestyles, on-going social integration, and availability of re-sources for older residents to use and share their experience, training, and skills. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the Shepherd Center of Oakton-Vienna for its work to enable older adults in our community to age in place and enjoy their golden years with dignity and inde-pendence. I thank the many volunteers who generously dedicate their time and efforts to the welfare of our neighbors. The value of their contributions cannot be overstated and are deserving of our highest praise. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ANDREA P. THAU, AMERICAN OPTO-METRIC ASSOCIATION PRESI-DENT-ELECT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. An-drea P. Thau, a physician whose practice is located in the district I represent. Dr. Thau has been elected the 94th President of the Amer-ican Optometric Association, AOA, and will begin her term during the AOA 119th annual meeting on July 2, 2016, in Boston. Dr. Thau is a graduate of the SUNY College of Optometry and is the owner of a private practice in Manhattan. She was first elected to the American Optometric Association Board of Trustees in 2007, and elected President-Elect at the 118th Annual AOA Congress & 45th Annual AOSA Conference: Optometry’s Meet-ing in June 2015. In addition to her leadership in this national organization, Dr. Thau has made great contributions in service to her state and local community. Dr. Thau was the first woman president of the New York State Optometric Association, the New York Acad-emy of Optometry, and the Optometric Society of the City of New York. Along with her many leadership roles, Dr. Thau is also an advocate and educator in the field. A champion for children’s vision, Dr. Thau has advocated on their behalf both statewide and nationally. She is also a found-ing member and former vice president of the New York Children’s Vision Coalition. As a spokesperson for the American Optometric Association, she has been featured on tele-vision, radio and in print to educate the public about eye and vision care. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Andrea Thau as she begins her term as President of the American Opto-metric Association. I am proud to join her friends and colleagues in congratulating her on this outstanding professional achievement. f 
TRIBUTE TO EVA NEWSOME 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, one hundred years ago a virtuous woman of God, Eva Bell Hicks Newsome was born in Reynolds, Taylor County, Georgia on April 16, 1916 to Mr. Ezekiel and Mrs. Mahalia Hicks; and Whereas, she grew up in Reynolds, Georgia and was married to Mr. LB Newsome, Sr. for 76 years; their union has blessed our district and nation with four children and a host of grand, great, great-great and great-great-great grandchildren; and Whereas, this phenomenal Proverbs 31 woman has shared her time and talents as a wife, mother and friend, becoming a Georgia citizen of great worth, a fearless leader and a servant to all by always advancing the lives of others; and Whereas, Mrs. Newsome has been blessed with a long, happy life, devoted to God and credits it all to the Will of God; and Whereas, Mrs. Newsome is celebrating a remarkable milestone; her 100th Birthday. Her family and friends are pausing to acknowledge a woman who has been revered by many as a pillar of her community; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and extend well wishes to Mrs. Newsome on her birthday and recognize her for an exemplary life that has been an inspira-tion to all; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim April 16, 2016 as Mrs. Eva Bell Hicks Newsome Day in the 4th Congressional District of Georgia. Proclaimed, this 16th day of April, 2016. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF FIRE AND RESCUE RECRUIT CLASS 2015–02 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the 2015–02 Prince William County Public Safety Training Center graduates. As they prepare to join the ranks of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Res-cue, which is celebrating its 50th year, I en-courage the 21 graduates to reflect on the his-tory of the department and the contributions and dedication of the brave men and women who have served to protect our community for the last half century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.016 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE967 June 21, 2016 
Each member of recruit class 2015–02 has successfully completed a rigorous application process followed by 1,248 hours of exhaustive academic and physical training over the course of 26 weeks. Upon successful comple-tion of this program, each recruit is eligible to graduate and become a Fire and Rescue Technician I with the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. A Technician I is trained in emergency med-ical services, fire prevention, and countless other public safety measures. The certifi-cations required for reaching the status of a Technician I cannot be accomplished without dedication and hard work. The graduates have completed the requisite coursework for certifi-cation in CPR, Infection Control, CISM, EMTB, Firefighter I, Firefighter II, EVOC 2, EVOC 3, Flashover Simulation, RIT, Mayday, Hazmat Awareness/Operations, Swift Water Rescue Awareness, LPG with Simulation, Rural Water Supply, BLS Protocols, Rope Rescue Aware-ness, Vehicle Rescue Awareness and Child Passenger Safety Seat Installation. It is my honor to submit the following names of the 2015–02 recruit class graduates of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue: Matthew Baker, Zachary Burnette, John Campbell, Matthew Cone, Nathan Eppley, Tyler Frable, Jason Guimond, Patrick McKinnon, Nicholas Ntiros, Brian Pelletier, Zachary Ramey, Dontrell Royal, Andrew Ruddle, Daniel Sawyer, Joshua Servais, Brian Smith, James Spengler, Andrew Turner, Chase Walton, Daniel Worrell, Austin Wing As the newest members of the Department of Fire and Rescue, the 2015–02 recruit class graduates join the department as integral parts of the emergency response and community safety team. Just as the current and past Prince William County public safety officers have done, I am confident that this graduating class will serve the residents of Prince William County with honor and distinction. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the newest members of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. I thank them in advance for their dedication to protecting the lives and property of the county’s residents. In the tradition of their new firefighting family I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ 
f 
HONORING BAKER COUNTY COM-MISSIONER TIM KERNS FOR HIS YEARS OF DEDICATED SERVICE TO OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my good friend Commissioner Tim Kerns for his many years of dedicated public service in Baker County. Tim is set to retire at the end of his term after serving 15 years as Baker County Commissioner, and I would like to pay tribute to his leadership for the people of Baker County. Born in Baker City, Tim was raised with an appreciation for agriculture on his family farm which led him to attend Oregon State Univer-sity to pursue a degree in Agricultural Engi-neering at a notable pace, completing 206 credit hours in just four years. But probably the best part of his time at Oregon State was meeting Jan—his wife of 52 years. Upon com-pleting their degrees, Tim and Jan returned to ranching in Baker County. As his operation grew, so did Tim’s desire to serve his community. His ability to provide innovative solutions to the problems that Baker County faced proved invaluable in a number of leadership roles, including serving on the school district budget board, as presi-dent of both the Baker County Livestock Growers and Farm Bureau, and as Regional Vice President of the Oregon Cattleman’s As-sociation. Tim’s familiarity with the agricultural industry and community leadership experience next led him to become a major figure in the national farm lending system. Between 1975 and 1994 he was a board member of a number of farm lenders, including the Baker Production Credit Association, Spokane Farm Credit Services, and Inter State Production Credit Association. Following success in those roles, he was ap-pointed to a three year term as Director of the national Federal Farm Credit Funding Cor-poration. After completing his dual term with the Ag America Farm Credit Bank and the Farm Credit Funding Corporation, Tim was ap-pointed to fill a vacant seat with the county commission, a seat which he has held for the past 15 years. With federal lands making up more than 51% of Baker County, plenty of hurdles exist in the path to economic growth. Despite these hurdles, I know I can count on Tim’s work ethic and knowledge of Baker County to help work through these issues and make sure that the needs of the local communities will not be ignored by the federal government. Whether it was stopping the EPA from regulating a local cement plant out of existence and killing hun-dreds of jobs, or some of the ongoing prob-lems such as the red tape cutting off Baker County miners from being a part of a rich local mining history, or attempts to limit local access to national forests, I knew I could count on Tim to provide valuable input as we craft solu-tions. As Tim begins his transition into retirement, I know he and Jan will look forward to more time with their two sons and three grand-children, as well as plenty of time on the ranch and volunteering in various Baker County ac-tivities. Mr. Speaker and my colleagues, please join me in recognizing and thanking my good friend, Commissioner Tim Kerns for his many years of leadership and service to Baker County. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LOUISIANA VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS’ (VFW) 2016 STATE CONVENTION IN ALEXANDRIA, LA 
HON. CHARLES W. BOUSTANY, JR. 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Louisiana Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) for a successful 2016 State Con-vention in Alexandria, LA. Our veterans are a national treasure. These men and women have sacrificed tremen-dously, many continuing to live with service- connected disabilities, in service to our coun-try. Without their courageous decision to an-swer the call of duty, our nation would not be the shining beacon of hope and freedom we are today. As we continue working to improve healthcare delivery and expand healthcare services for our veterans, the VFW will con-tinue to be an important partner in organizing and advocating for our veterans across the country. I also want to express my pride and con-gratulations that Louisiana was selected to host the 2017 VFW National Convention in New Orleans, LA. I am confident those attend-ing next year’s convention will experience the rich culture and hospitality during their stay that makes us proud to call Louisiana home. I remain committed to working with the Lou-isiana VFW to ensure they are represented on the local and national levels. Their tireless ef-forts and advocacy in support of veterans in Louisiana and across the country are tremen-dously appreciated. f 
HONORING THE FIRST ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NORTHERN VIR-GINIA VETERANS ASSOCIATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-ognition of the one-year anniversary of the Northern Virginia Veterans Association. The Northern Virginia Veterans Association (NOVA Vets) officially launched on May 16, 2015, Armed Forces Day. With a diverse membership comprised of veterans, active military, service connected family members, community residents, and businesses, NOVA Vets’ mission is to provide veterans with a comprehensive network of local resources by providing a continuum of services. Specifically, NOVA Vets provides care and support in the areas of reintegration, healthcare, employ-ment, education, family/caregiver support, legal services, housing assistance, and com-munity engagement. Signature programs include offering re-integration programs at Fort Belvoir and Ma-rine Corps Base Quantico, military care and resource training for civilian medical/ healthcare providers, suicide awareness, and Veterans Helping Veterans. Reintegration Program: Each reintegration program provides 24 months of comprehen-sive support to service members and their families relocating to or staying in Northern Virginia to ease the transition from activity duty. Over the course of the two-year cycle, data collection is used to determine what areas of support are needed to ensure com-prehensive support and quality of life. Military Care and Healthcare Resource Training Program: The in-person training pro-vides insight and details needed to effectively treat and communicate with the veteran and military population. In addition, civilian health care providers are educated on health re-sources available at the local, state, and fed-eral levels for veterans and service-connected members of the community. Suicide Awareness Program: Throughout the year, NOVA Vets offer suicide prevention initiatives to include the screening of military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.015 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE968 June 21, 2016 
documentaries and Mental Health First-Aid classes to ensure people are educated on the signs and symptoms of potential suicide and know how to assist a veteran, friend, family member, neighbor, or co-worker in a time of crisis. Veterans Helping Veterans Program: The program is a formalized network providing skill-based veteran volunteers with non-profits who assist veterans both directly and indi-rectly. It is my honor to submit the names of the charter members of the Northern Virginia Vet-erans Association: Angela McConnell, Doug Earhart, Tom Ben-jamin, Scott Cox, Carol McKnight, Matt Pas-chal, Greg Schumacher, Kathy Schumacher, Rick Bockes, Polly Sherard, Rich Nagel, Rick Haney, Toby Terrill, Cameron Dougherty, Robin Kelleher, Gwendolyn Bush, Larry Zilliox, Henry Patterson, Mike May, Emma Artis, Lee D’Orlando, Diana Paguaga, Cindy Fox, An-thony Garris, Gerald Mazur, Rob Cork, Mike Allen, Mina Little, Dave Mather, Daniela Horsman, Jerome Atger, Brooke Ray, Aminata Jah, Marianne Catina, Al Alborn, Stephen Prasser, Erika Laos, Don Howell, John Mur-ray, Ariel Goldchain, Christine Garris, Hope For The Warriors, HealthSouth Hospital, Sem-per K9, Access National Bank, VITAS Hos-pital, Core Chiropractic, Fauquier Chamber of Commerce, Neighbor’s Keeper, Brain Injury Services, Fauquier Economic Development Center, Catoctin Estate Planning, Freedom Museum, Juncture Consulting, Habitat for Hu-manity-Prince William County, Atlantic Low Vi-sion, Quarterly Advisory Committee Motor-cycle Collaborative, Project Mend A House, The Better Brain Center, Volunteers of Amer-ica, Men of War Motorcycle Club, Action in Community Through Service of Prince William, Inc., American Red Cross, Comfort Keepers, and Hylton Performing Arts Center. Veterans can often feel abandoned and confused after being discharged. Navigating the maze of services and programs that are available can be daunting, and reintegrating into civilian life can be overwhelming. These factors, especially when combined with the ef-fects of traumatic brain injury or post-traumatic stress disorder, can lead to depression, sub-stance abuse, anger management issues, and even suicide. This is why programs like NOVA Vets are so important and deserving of our support. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the individuals, organiza-tions, and businesses that comprise the North-ern Virginia Veterans Association and in thanking them for their dedication and commit-ment to our veteran community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO D EKALB COUNTY NAACP 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, since 1955, the DeKalb County branch of the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People has been a wor-thy instrument for good; and Whereas, the DeKalb County branch of the NAACP is celebrating sixty one years at Green Forest Community Baptist Church in Decatur, Georgia; and Whereas, this organization is a champion for civil rights throughout our county and state, ensuring the rights and liberties of our citizens in Georgia are guaranteed through the U.S. Constitution; and Whereas, its members give of themselves tirelessly and unconditionally to serve our community through endeavors such as voter registration, health walks, mentorships and scholarships; and Whereas, the lives of many in our district are touched by the leadership and service given by the officers and members of the DeKalb County NAACP, our nation and the world is a better place due to their commit-ment to excellence in all of their endeavors; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize their outstanding service to our District; now therefore, I, HENRY  C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim April 9, 2016 as DeKalb County NAACP Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 9th day of April, 2016. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND SAC-RIFICE OF UNITED STATES ARMY SPECIALIST BRANDON A. BANNER OF MILTON, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on June 2, 2016, nine soldiers were taken from us during the tragic training accident at Fort Hood, Texas. A grateful and grieving Nation mourn the tremendous loss of these fine men and women, and it is with profound sadness that I rise to honor them and pay a special tribute to United States Army Specialist Bran-don A. Banner of Milton, Florida. SPC Banner graduated from Milton High School in 2013 where he played defensive end on the school’s football team. He also at-tended Pensacola State College before joining the Army in March 2014 as a motor transport operator. In July 2014, SPC Banner was as-signed to the 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artillery Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood. Fort Hood had been experiencing unprece-dented levels of rainfall and flash flooding when on Thursday morning, June 2, while SPC Banner and members of his unit were conducting convoy operations, their Light Me-dium Tactical Vehicle overturned at Owl Creek and all nine were killed. SPC Banner was 22 years old. Amongst his Army Family, SPC Banner was known to be a loyal and faithful friend who was determined and was destined for great success. His military career may have been short-lived, but as evidenced by his several awards including the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Korea Defense Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon and the Marksmanship Qualification Badge— Sharpshooter with Carbine, it was a career during which SPC Banner displayed an un-wavering commitment to duty and excellence. Mr. Speaker, our servicemembers know full well the risk involved when they join the great-est military in the world. Yet they do it anyway and for a cause greater than their own. We owe these soldiers and their families our ever-lasting gratitude and our greatest respect. Vicki and I join citizens all across Northwest Florida and our great Nation in praying for the family and friends of Specialist Brandon A. Banner and his eight comrades. May the serv-ice and selfless sacrifice of these warriors never be forgotten and may God continue to bless all members of the Armed Forces and the United States of America. f 
TRIBUTE TO HAMILTON ASSOCIATES, P.C. 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Paul Hamilton and Mr. Eric Hamilton of Council Bluffs, Iowa, father and son owners of Ham-ilton Associates, P.C. which is celebrating 60 years in business in 2016. Hamilton Associ-ates, P.C. is a certified public accounting and consulting firm. Hamilton Associates, P.C. is a family-owned business providing services to businesses, non-profits and individuals specializing in tax management, financial, and accounting serv-ices. Paul Hamilton said he is very proud of the quality service his firm provides to its cli-ents. Eric Hamilton added that the best part of his job is being able to give back to the com-munity. Paul, Eric, and staff take an active role in civic, community, and volunteer activities in the Council Bluffs area. Hamilton Associates is growing and recently acquired a firm in Omaha, Nebraska, which will double the busi-ness in the next five years. Paul said his goal is to keep the business presence strong in the area, continue to practice honest business val-ues, and continue investing in the community. I commend and congratulate Paul Hamilton and Eric Hamilton for their many years of dedicated and devoted service to Council Bluffs and the surrounding area. Paul and Eric make a difference by helping and serving oth-ers. It is with great honor that I recognize them today. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring their accomplishments and I wish them and their family and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
‘‘TURN THE PAGE’’ LITERACY INITIATIVE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, every sum-mer youth without access to books lose aca-demic skills, while those who are reading con-tinue to make progress in developing their pro-ficiency. Studies show that summer learning loss is a significant cause of the achievement gap between lower and higher-income youth. Students from low-income households learn at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.016 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE969 June 21, 2016 
the same rate as their peers while school is in session, but while middle and upper-income students show slight gains in their reading per-formance after the summer months, lower in-come students experience a two-month loss in reading achievement. It is what teachers refer to as the ‘‘summer slide’’ or ‘‘summer setback.’’ This loss is cu-mulative: while teachers spend 4–6 weeks re- teaching material to the students who have fallen behind over the summer, other students are progressing with their skills. The result? By the end of the sixth grade, children who lose reading skills during the summer are on average 2 years behind their peers. Even more startling is the conclusion of University of Nevada research, which has shown that stu-dents without access to books are less likely to complete their basic education. The simple fact is that there are fewer op-portunities for daily summer reading when both parents are away at work. Without ac-cess to books, our kids fall behind. My daughter teaches English at Baylor Uni-versity. She has dedicated her life to edifying the young people of this country by instilling in them a love for reading, and for the intellectual tradition it gives them access to. This love needs to start early, and the inheritance of that tradition should be accessible to all Amer-icans. That is why I am proud of the efforts of KHOU and Star Furniture, who are rolling out a new community effort to increase the literacy rate in Houston. They are soliciting donations for the non-profit group ‘‘Books Between Kids,’’ which provides at-risk children with books that they can keep in their home. We need more programs like this in our country. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY KOCH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kelly Koch, of Waukee, Iowa, on being crowned Miss Iowa 2016. Miss Koch recently started competing in pageants as late as 2014, and was the run-ner-up Miss Iowa 2015. There are five cat-egories for which contestants are judged. She was a preliminary talent winner with her ballet en point, telling the local newspaper, Dallas County News, that she spent at least two hours daily each week with her choreographer to perfect every detail. She was attuned to na-tional and international news in preparation for the interview portion of the pageant. During her year of service as Miss Iowa, Miss Koch chose the Pinky Swear Foundation, which pro-vides financial and emotional support to fami-lies whose children are afflicted with cancer. Earlier, Kelly Koch had served as an intern for the organization and has a great affection for its mission. In her service as Miss Iowa and to fulfill her obligations to the Miss Iowa organization, Kelly Koch will temporarily suspend her stud-ies at Iowa State University where she is a member of the I.S.U. Dance Team. In Sep-tember, she will represent Iowa in Miss USA set for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Kelly Koch for this recognition. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Miss Koch and wishing her nothing but success over the coming year and beyond. f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the centennial of the Farm Credit System. The Farm Credit System was established by Congress through the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916 which was signed into law by Presi-dent Woodrow Wilson. Next month will mark the centennial of this vital network. I was pleased to cosponsor House Resolu-tion 591, introduced by House Agriculture Committee Chairman M
IKE CONAWAY and Ranking Member C
OLLIN PETERSON —com- mending the cooperative owners and employ-ees of the Farm Credit System for their impor-tant contributions over the last century. Congress designed the Farm Credit System as a network of cooperatives that would be able to respond to the needs of farmers and rural communities. My district covers an important agricultural area in Central New York. The 24th District of New York is home to some of the most pro-ductive fruit, vegetable, dairy and diversified farms in the state. According to the census of agriculture, Cayuga County ranks second in the state and Wayne County ranks fifth in terms of the value of agricultural production. Farms in my district are served by Farm Credit East, which has over $4 billion in loan commit-ments to its nearly 9,000 customers in New York. As part of its centennial celebration, Farm Credit sponsored the Fresh Perspectives pro-gram to identify 100 leaders that are making a difference in rural America. Leaders were nominated in 10 different categories. From the top 100 list, a top honoree in each category was selected. I’m proud to say that Christine Fesko, of Skaneateles, NY was selected as the top honoree in the category of Agriculture Education and Community Impact. In addition to running a 600 cow dairy farm with her family, Chris operates the Discovery Center where children, who wouldn’t otherwise be able to see a working farm, can learn about agriculture. She has also produced a series of award-winning educational videos to teach children about agriculture and modern farming practices. She was elected to the Farm Credit East board of directors where she served from 2003 to 2016. As the Farm Credit System celebrates its centennial, I want to recognize farmers like Chris who have made this cooperative system strong as it begins its next 100 years. TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF CLIVE HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Clive, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA spon-sored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Clive has met the core stand-ards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA com-munities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner delivers technical and financial resources to states, cit-ies and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. Mr. Speaker, I commend the City of Clive and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the community on this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE—FARM CREDIT CENTENNIAL REMARKS—NEW YORK 22ND DISTRICT 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the cooperative owners and em-ployees of the Farm Credit System for meet-ing the credit and financial-services needs of rural communities and agriculture for 100 years. I was pleased to cosponsor House Resolu-tion 591 commemorating the Farm Credit Sys-tem centennial. Congress designed the Farm Credit System as a permanent means to sup-port the well-being and prosperity of the Na-tion’s rural communities and agricultural pro-ducers of all types and sizes. Congress de-signed the Farm Credit System as a network of cooperatives, independently owned and controlled by its borrowers, responsive to their individual needs for credit and financial serv-ices. Farm Credit East serves many farmers in my district through their offices in Cortland and Sangerfield. Further, the Farm Credit system actively supports our next generation of farm-ers with agriculture education and support for organizations like 4–H and Future Farmers of America. One of Farm Credit East’s recent steward-ship initiatives focuses on improving ag edu-cation. One of the top FFA chapters and ag education programs in the state of New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.023 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE970 June 21, 2016 
is located in my district at Vernon-Verona- Sherrill High School—VVS. In honor of the Farm Credit System centen-nial, Farm Credit East has committed substan-tial resources toward teacher scholarships to attend institutes sponsored by the Curriculum for Agricultural Science Education (CASE), a program of the National Association of Agricul-tural Educators. The CASE program trains ag educators how to deliver hands on, STEM-based learning to agricultural students in subjects like plant and animal science. As a strong supporter of STEM education, I understand how valuable these investments in our children’s education are, and I am grateful for their generous par-ticipation in this critical area of study. Farm Credit East recently announced 15 teacher scholarships to attend CASE insti-tutes, including Paul Perry and Sara Tuthill from VVS. Two other recipients are also from the 22nd district—Crystal Aukema from Oxford and Johanna Fox-Bossard from Hamilton. VVS will be hosting an institute this summer to instruct educators on teaching the CASE in-troductory course: Introduction to Agriculture, Food and Natural Resources. Eleven of the Farm Credit East scholarship recipients will be attending this program. I applaud Farm Credit’s support of ag edu-cators as they train the next generation of farmers. No doubt many of those students will become members of Farm Credit during its second century of service. Congratulations to the Farm Credit System’s cooperative owners and employees on the System’s centennial. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF CLARINDA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Clarinda, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Clarinda has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA communities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner deliv-ers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. I commend the City of Clarinda and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representa-tives to join me in congratulating the commu-nity on this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF K.L. ‘‘KOVEN’’ BROWN HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the retirement of K.L. ‘‘Koven’’ Brown. Mr. Brown will be selling his two busi-nesses, K.L. Brown Funeral Home and Cre-mation Center, which he has owned since 1978, and K.L. Brown Memory Chapel, at the end of this month. Mr. Brown wanted to be a mortician since he was a young boy. He graduated from Jef-ferson Davis High School in Montgomery in 1969, and was the first graduating class from Kentucky School of Mortuary Science in Louis-ville, Kentucky, in 1971. Mr. Brown is in his second term in the Ala-bama House of Representatives and is looking forward to travelinig more with his wife, Mandee, now that he is retiring. Mr. Brown has two children: Allison (de-ceased) and Emily who is married to James Avery. He is blessed with four grandchildren: Charlie, Austin, Savannah and Tyler. His mother, Dr. Faye Brown, lives in Clanton. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing K.L. Brown and congratulating him on his much-deserved retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF COUNCIL BLUFFS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Council Bluffs, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in cooperation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Council Bluffs has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA communities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner deliv-ers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. I commend the City of Council Bluffs and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating the community on this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT SPEECH OF  
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 14, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Farm Credit system in America The Firm Credit System in America was es-tablished 100 years ago through the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916, signed into law on July 17, 1916, by President Woodrow Wilson. It was founded to provide lending opportuni-ties for American farmers, ranchers and dairy-men; those who till the soil to put food on American dinner tables every night. Congess intended the Farm Credit System be designed as a permanent means to sup-port the well-being and prosperity of the na-tion’s rural communities and agricultural pro-ducers of all types and sizes. Further, it was designed as a network of co-operatives, independently owned and con-trolled by its borrowers, responsive to their in-dividual needs for credit and financial services and continually adapting to meet the changing needs of rural communities and agriculture. Through the success of the Farm Credit or-ganizations throughout this country, such as Fresno-Madera Farm Credit and Yosemite Farm Credit we celebrate 100 years of that successful ability to make loans to young and old farmers alike, those just starting out or those who have been farming for generations. And to those who in every region of Amer-ica do their best to produce the healthiest, most nutritious and bountiful crops anywhere grown in the world. The Farm Credit System today plays a vital role in the success of United States agriculture and the economic vibrancy of rural commu-nities throughout all 50 States and Puerto Rico, providing more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 customers. This is so American consumers can enjoy those food products at lowest cost value pos-sible. Clearly we know the success of American agriculture is in large part due to the success Farm Credit across the country. We commend the Farm Credit System for their efforts and celebrate 100 years of making America the most productive agriculture coun-try in the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF ADEL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Adel, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA spon-sored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Adel has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA commu-nities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.027 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE971 June 21, 2016 
City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner delivers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each com-munity adhering to a State Action Plan, guid-ing investments in each state while accom-plishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. Mr. Speaker, I commend the City of Adel and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the community on this award and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
2NDLIEUTENANT AUDIE MURPHY— TUESDAYS IN TEXAS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Medal of Honor is the highest military honor that can be bestowed on an American. Harry Truman once commented that he would prefer to have the blue band of the Medal of Honor around his neck than be President. To receive the medal is not to win a contest, for the forum in which this medal is given is the contest to pre-serve liberty. It is a contest that no individual competitor could win; rather it is struggled for by the diligence, bravery, and sacrifice of mil-lions of Americans. Nor is it a contest that is ever finished. It is an eternal struggle. Every generation of Americans has given of her sons and daughters to contribute to it. That is why Medal of Honor recipients are never said to have ‘‘won’’ the honor, but they have received it from a grateful nation, out of recognition of their distinguished contribution to our shared and continued fight for freedom. Next week, Farmersville, TX, a small town in Hunt County, will celebrate the life of one of its sons, who came home the most decorated soldier of WWII. Audie Murphy’s story of serv-ice starts early. When he was only 17 years old he had his sister assist him in falsifying his birth certificate so that he could meet the min-imum age requirement for enlisting in the mili-tary. Like millions of Americans in the mid 40’s, Murphy was eager to answer the call of his country. Before long Murphy earned the rank of 2nd Lieutenant in the U.S. Army and was given command of Company B. In France during the early winter of 1945, Murphy’s company was attacked by 6 German tanks and waves of in-fantry. Murphy ordered his men back into the cover of the woods, while he remained for-ward to give firing directions to artillery by tele-phone. Murphy then climbed into a burning tank and, despite the risk that the tank could explode at any moment, he began to use its .50 caliber machine gun to ward off the enemy. Murphy was alone and exposed to enemy fire on three sides. Against all odds, he succeeded in single-handedly holding the enemy back for an hour. The citation that comes with Murphy’s Medal of Honor, awarded for his actions that day, tells us that despite a gunshot wound to the leg he fought until his ammunition was ex-hausted. He then made his way back to his company, refusing medical attention, and or-ganized a counter attack that would prove successful and force the Germans to with-draw. The contest for freedom is not a sprint. It is a relay that spans generations, and the cham-pions of each generation should be honored for their service and sacrifice. We owe a debt of gratitude to all of those who fight for our freedom, and we honor individuals like 2nd Lt. Audie Murphy for their distinguished contribu-tion. And that is just the way it is. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF ATLANTIC 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Atlantic, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Atlantic has met the core stand-ards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA com-munities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner delivers technical and financial resources to states, cit-ies and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. I commend the City of Atlantic and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representa-tives to join me in congratulating the commu-nity on this award and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call vote numbers 306 through 333 be-cause I was speaking at my grandson’s grad-uation. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 
Rollcall No. H.R./H. Res. Vote 
306 ............... H.R. 5293 Shuster Amendment No. 2 ..................... No 307 ............... H.R. 5293 Ellison Amendment No. 9 ....................... Yes 308 ............... H.R. 5293 Rogers Amendment No. 12 ..................... No 309 ............... H.R. 5293 Quigley Amendment No. 13 .................... Yes 310 ............... H.R. 5293 O’Rourke Amendment No. 16 ................. Yes 311 ............... H.R. 5293 Huffman Amendment No. 17 .................. Yes 312 ............... H.R. 5293 Poe Amendment No. 19 .......................... No Rollcall No. H.R./H. Res. Vote 313 ............... H.R. 5293 Sanford Amendment No. 21 ................... No 314 ............... H.R. 5293 Buck Amendment No. 22 ........................ No 315 ............... H.R. 5293 Byrne Amendment No. 24 ....................... No 316 ............... H.R. 5293 King Amendment No. 25 ........................ No 317 ............... H.R. 5293 Gosar Amendment No. 26 ...................... No 318 ............... H.R. 5293 King Amendment No. 27 ........................ No 319 ............... H.R. 5293 Lamborn Amendment No. 29 .................. No 320 ............... H.R. 5293 Massie Amendment No. 30 .................... No 321 ............... H.R. 5293 Massie Amendment No. 31 .................... Yes 322 ............... H.R. 5293 McClintock Amendment No. 32 .............. No 323 ............... H.R. 5293 Mulvaney Amendment No. 33 ................. Yes 324 ............... H.R. 5293 DeSantis Amendment No. 34 ................. No 325 ............... H.R. 5293 Rohrabacher Amendment No. 36 ........... No 326 ............... H.R. 5293 Walberg Amendment No. 37 ................... No 327 ............... H.R. 5293 Conyers Amendment No. 40 ................... Yes 328 ............... H.R. 5293 Gabbard Amendment No. 42 .................. No 329 ............... H.R. 5293 McGovern Amendment No. 44 ................ Yes 330 ............... H.R. 5293 Lee Amendment No. 45 .......................... Yes 331 ............... H.R. 5293 Polis Amendment No. 46 ........................ Yes 332 ............... H.R. 5293 ................................................................. No 333 ............... H.R. 5471 ................................................................. Yes 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF BONDURANT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Bondurant, Iowa for its recognition as a 2015 Tree City USA sponsored by the Arbor Day Foundation in co-operation with the National Association of State Foresters and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service’s Urban and Com-munity Forestry program (the Forest Service). The City of Bondurant has met the core standards for tree care during the past year. Over 135 million Americans live in Tree USA communities. In its 40th year of celebration, the Tree City USA program is critical to the U.S. Forest Service. This federal partner deliv-ers technical and financial resources to states, cities and communities across the nation with each community adhering to a State Action Plan, guiding investments in each state while accomplishing local projects and programs. The U.S. Forest Service and Arbor Day Foundation cooperate with communities to es-tablish healthy forests, improve air and water quality and contribute to important national en-ergy conservation goals. These local invest-ments create long term major environmental improvements nationwide. I commend the City of Bondurant and urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating the community on this award and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MADISON HANCE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Madison Hance of Creston High School. Madison was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Fourteenth Annual Gov-ernor’s Scholar Recognition on May 1, 2016. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa High School was invited to select a senior with the highest academic ranking. Not only are they academically gifted, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.032 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE972 June 21, 2016 
but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Madison Hance in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Madison on receiving this esteemed designa-tion, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRITTANY SMITH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brittany Smith, an Abraham Lincoln High School of Des Moines, Iowa graduate and current stu-dent at Grand View University. Brittany Smith recently received the Most Valuable Player title from the National Collegiate Bowling Coaches Association for 2015–2016. Brittany was raised in a family of bowlers. Her mother is the general manager of Air Lanes Bowling Center in Des Moines. The time she spent growing up in those bowling centers influenced her love of the sport and developed her work ethic to always improve her game. As she told the Des Moines Reg-ister, ‘‘I won’t leave the bowling center until I get a problem fixed. I have a mindset that I can be better every single day.’’ She practices hours each day but is also a full time student, majoring in criminal justice, dreaming of one day serving as a police officer. With that te-nacity, Brittany Smith is a shining example of what a true champion is. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Brittany Smith for this recognition. I am proud to represent her in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Brittany Smith and wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
SHELBY DECISION . . . THREE YEARS LATER 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 21, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today on Restoration Tuesday, I rise to draw attention to the coming three-year anniversary of the Supreme Court Shelby v. Holder deci-sion and the damage that it inflicted on our democratic process. In 2013, the Supreme Court of the United States handed down a decision that simply called for an update of the formula used to de-termine which states required federal preclearance prior to enacting legislation af-fecting the voting process. Shortly after, a number of states, including Alabama, quickly passed restrictive laws designed to suppress the vote after the Supreme Court struck down Section 4—the coverage formula provision making it harder of federal protection for vul-nerable communities. Since the decision, new restrictive laws have been put in place in 22 states—18 of them Republican led—since 2010. The Shelby decision made it easier to limit access to the ballot box. And so here we are . . . three years later. We must accept the charge that the Su-preme Court handed to provide a new modern day formula to determine when states are cov-ered under the Voting Rights Act. In June of 2015 I rose to the challenge and introduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. Most of the Democratic members have signed on as co-sponsors. Just last week, I signed a discharge petition on this legislation to force an immediate vote on the House floor. Still, there has been much talk on both sides with little collective action. We were given this chal-lenge in 2013, but somehow, here we are . . . three years later. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was reau-thorized nearly a decade ago and it is shame-ful that still today, people across the nation do not enjoy full and free access to exercise their right to vote. It is reprehensible that still in 2016, Americans across the nation continue to face modern day barriers to the ballot box. The time is always ripe to do what is right. As we continue to progress throughout this elec-tion year, it is especially critical that all Ameri-cans have fair and equal access to the ballot box. Our very democracy is built on the ability of every citizen being able to have their voices heard and vote counted. No Vote, No Voice. America cannot and must not be silenced. After decades of progress that culminated with the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we are now going backward. Old battles have be-come new again. The guise of a free photo ID masks the various fees necessary to pay for documents needed to obtain the ID. This ‘‘poll tax’’ makes it harder to vote for those who are barely able to make ends meet. Many elderly are unable to acquire documents proving birth due to the high number of midwife births. These are real barriers affecting real people. Is it our job as Members of Congress to deny them the right to vote? Is this obstruction of the vote what we took from the Supreme Court instructing us to revisit and recreate a formula? Why are we still here . . . three years later? My colleagues, we are approaching the first Presidential election since the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 without full protec-tion of the law against discrimination at the ballot box. We must stand on the virtue of a true democracy, constantly striving to remove blemishes from our process. A year has passed since the introduction of the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, and it is being held up in committee processes, instead of being pushed through to restore the voting process for all Americans. It is time to band together and fulfil that which we have been tasked to accomplish. Delay too long is justice denied. The time is now. We must Restore The Vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.037 E21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D689 Tuesday, June 21, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4373–S4430 Measures Introduced: Four bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3078–3081, and S. Res. 504–507.
                                                       Page S4410 
Measures Reported: S. 2816, to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduc-tion program. (S. Rept. No. 114–284)
                  Page S 
Measures Passed: Collector Car Appreciation Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 507, designating July 8, 2016, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the col-lection and restoration of historic and classic cars is an important part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States.
                                                                              Page S4428 
Presidential Allowance Modernization Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1777, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance pay-able to a former President, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                       Page S4428 
McConnell (for Ernst) Amendment No. 4852, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S4428–29 
Patient Access to Durable Medical Equipment Act: Committee on Finance was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2736, to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S4429–30 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 4853, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S4429 
Measures Considered: Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate con-tinued consideration of H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:                                                                              Pages S4383–S4404 
Pending: Shelby/Mikulski Amendment No. 4685, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S4383 
McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 4787 (to Amendment No. 4685), to amend section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that the Government may obtain a specified set of electronic communication transactional records under that sec-tion, and to make permanent the authority for indi-vidual terrorists to be treated as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978.
                        Pages S4383, S4386–91, S4393–96 
McConnell motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations for a period of 14 days.
                                                                                 Page S4383 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, June 22, 2016, with the time until the vote on motion to in-voke cloture on McConnell (for McCain) Amend-ment No. 4787 (to Amendment No. 4685) (listed above) equally divided between the two managers, or their designees.
                                                           Page S4430 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the engrossed version of S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, be printed as passed.
                                                                             Page S4430 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, with respect to North Korea; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–52)
                                Page S4409 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD690 June 21, 2016 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, with respect to the Western Balkans; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–53)
   Pages S4409–10 
Martinotti and Rossiter, Jr. Nominations— Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be deter-mined by the Majority Leader in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration individually either of the nominations of Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of New Jersey, and Rob-ert F. Rossiter, Jr., of Nebraska, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska; that there be 30 minutes for debate only on each nomina-tion, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time on the respective nomination, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirmation of the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S4404 
Privileged Nominations Referred to Committee: 
                                                                                            Page S4410 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4410–12 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4412–14 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4407–09 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4414–28 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4428 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:46 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 22, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4430.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lieutenant General Thomas D. Waldhauser, USMC, to be gen-eral and Commander, United States Africa Com-mand, and Lieutenant General Joseph L. Lengyel, ANG, to be general and Chief of the National Guard Bureau, who was introduced by Senator Cor-nyn, both of the Department of Defense, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. SEMIANNUAL MONETARY POLICY REPORT TO THE CONGRESS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the semiannual monetary policy report to the Congress, after receiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. FIRSTNET Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Communications, Technology, Innova-tion, and the Internet concluded an oversight hear-ing to examine FirstNet, focusing on an update on the status of the Public Safety Broadband Network, after receiving testimony from Andrew Katsaros, Principal Assistant Inspector General for Audit and Evaluation, Office of Inspector General, Department of Commerce; Major General Arthur J. Logan, Ha-waii Adjutant General, Honolulu; Michael Poth, First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet), Res-ton, Virginia; and Jeffrey S. McLeod, National Gov-ernors Association’s Center for Best Practices, Wash-ington, D.C. BLM PLANNING 2.0 INITIATIVE OVERSIGHT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Bu-reau of Land Management’s Planning 2.0 initiative, after receiving testimony from Neil Kornze, Direc-tor, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; Jim Magagna, Wyoming Stock Growers As-sociation, Cheyenne; James D. Ogsbury, Western Governors’ Association, and Kathleen Sgamma, Western Energy Alliance, both of Denver, Colorado; and Mark Squillace, University of Colorado Law School, Boulder. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Anne Hall, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Lith-uania, Lawrence Robert Silverman, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the State of Kuwait, Marie L. Yovanovitch, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey R. Pyatt, of California, to be Am-bassador to Greece, Douglas Alan Silliman, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iraq, Peter Mi-chael McKinley, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Federative Republic of Brazil, and Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chile, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D691 June 21, 2016 
IDEOLOGY OF ISIS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the ideology of ISIS, after receiving testimony from Subhi Nahas, Spectra, San Francisco, California; Has-san Hassan, ISIS: Inside the Army of Terror, Wash-ington, D.C., on behalf of the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy; Tarek Elgawhary, World Orga-nization for Resource Development and Education, Montgomery Village, Maryland; and Nadia Murad Basee Taho, Essex, New York. SMALL BUSINESS RETIREMENT POOLING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security concluded a hearing to examine small busi-ness retirement pooling, focusing on examining open multiple employer plans, after receiving testimony from Nicola Favorito, Commonwealth of Massachu-setts Retirement Services, Boston; Jeffrey Stacey, McGee, Hearne and Paiz, LLP, Cheyenne, Wyoming; Kent Mason, Davis and Harman LLP, and Michele Varnhagen, AARP, both of Washington, D.C.; and James Kais, Transamerica, Miami, Florida. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Jennifer Klemetsrud Puhl, of North Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, who was introduced by Senators Heitkamp and Hoeven, Don-ald C. Coggins, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, who was introduced by Senator Scott, David C. Nye, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, who was introduced by Senators Crapo and Risch, and Kathleen Marie Sweet, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. CREATES ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine the CREATES Act, fo-cusing on ending regulatory abuse, protecting con-sumers, and ensuring drug price competition, in-cluding S. 3056, to provide for certain causes of ac-tion relating to delays of generic drugs and bio-similar biological products, after receiving testimony from Alden F. Abbott, The Heritage Foundation Edwin Meese III Center for Legal and Judicial Stud-ies, Peter Safir, Covington and Burling LLP, and George Slover, Consumers Union, all of Washington, D.C.; Robin Feldman, University of California Has-tings College of the Law, San Francisco; Beth Zelnick Kaufman, Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Bridge-water, New Jersey; and Nitin Damle, American Col-lege of Physicians, Wakefield, Rhode Island. NOMINATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Christopher E. O’Connor, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Congressional and Legislative Af-fairs, after the nominee testified and answered ques-tions in his own behalf. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5537, 5539–5554; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 795 were introduced.
                     Pages H4052–53 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4054–55 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5456, to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding pre-vention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–628); H.R. 5388, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and devel-opment, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–629); H.R. 5389, to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–630); H.R. 5452, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD692 June 21, 2016 
Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–631); H.R. 5538, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–632); H.R. 2538, to take lands in Sonoma County, Cali-fornia, into trust as part of the reservation of the Lytton Rancheria of California, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–633); H.R. 5447, to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangements, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–634, Part 1); H. Res. 737, condemning and censuring John A. Koskinen, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–635, Part 1); H.R. 4921, to amend chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, to require the maintenance of certain records for 3 years, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–636); S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–637); H. Res. 793, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1270) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements (H. Rept. 114–638); andH. Res. 794, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5485) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–639).
                                                Page H4052 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Graves (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3977 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3977 
Suspensions—Failed: The House failed to agree to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: End Taxpayer Funded Cell Phones Act of 2016: H.R. 5525, to prohibit universal service support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 207 yeas to 143 nays, Roll No. 334.
                                                             Pages H3978–83, H4025 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Authorizing the use of passenger facility charges at an airport previously associated with the airport at which the charges are collected: H.R. 4369, to authorize the use of passenger facility charges at an airport previously associated with the airport at which the charges are collected;                Pages H3983–85 
Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016: H.R. 5388, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 351 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 335;
                                                   Pages H3985–88, H4026 
Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016: H.R. 5389, to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 347 yeas to 8 nays, Roll No. 336;
                 Pages H3988–89, H4026–27 
Thoroughly Investigating Retaliation Against Whistleblowers Act: H.R. 4639, amended, to reau-thorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modifications to authorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel; 
                                                                Pages H3990–91, H4026–27 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5028, amended, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building’’
                                                               Pages H3991–92 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michi-gan, as the ‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H3992 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Ave-nue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’: H.R. 4010, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pas-tor Post Office’’;
                                                 Pages H3992–93 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Ber-gen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office: H.R. 4372, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Of-fice;
                                                                           Pages H3993–94 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4777, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D693 June 21, 2016 
1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H3994–96 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4925, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memo-rial Post Office Building’’;
                           Pages H3996–97 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Au-rora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Of-fice Building’’: H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’;
                   Pages H3997–98 
Amending title 5, United States Code, to ex-pand law enforcement availability pay to employ-ees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations: H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations; 
                                                                                    Pages H3998–99 
Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act: S. 2133, to improve Federal agency financial and ad-ministrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agen-cies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments; 
                                                                             Pages H3999–S4000 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’: H.R. 2607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’;
                 Pages H4000–02 
Inspector General Empowerment Act: H.R. 2395, amended, to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the In-spectors General;
                                                Pages H4002–06 
Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Veterans Af-fairs Seismic Safety, Construction, and Leases Au-thorization Act: H.R. 4590, amended, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropria-tions are being made for fiscal year 2016; 
                                                                                    Pages H4006–08 Designating the Department of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’: H.R. 5317, amended, to designate the De-partment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’;
               Pages H4008–10 
Veteran Engagement Teams Act: H.R. 3936, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program under which the Sec-retary carries out Veteran Engagement Team events where veterans can complete claims for disability compensation and pension under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary;
                                    Pages H4010–12 
Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act: H.R. 5170, amended, to encourage and support partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs; 
                                                                                    Pages H4012–21 
Small Business Health Care Relief Act: H.R. 5447, amended, to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangements; 
                                                                                    Pages H4021–24 
Amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings ac-counts: H.R. 5452, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts; and
                        Pages H4027–28 
Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016: H.R. 5456, amended, to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in fund-ing prevention and family services to help keep chil-dren safe and supported at home, and to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restric-tive, most family-like, and appropriate settings. 
                                                                                    Pages H4028–42 
Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 2487, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to identify mental health care and suicide pre-vention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary.
                        Page H4006 
Presidential Messages: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the West-ern Balkans is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2016—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–143). 
                                                                                            Page H4024 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD694 June 21, 2016 
Read a message from the President wherein he no-tified Congress that the national emergency declared with respect to North Korea is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2016—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–144).
                                                  Pages H4024–25 
Discharge Petition: Representative Lowey presented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Committees on Appropriations and the Budget from the consid-eration of H.R. 5044, making supplemental appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus (Discharge Petition No. 5). Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H4042. Senate Referral: S. 2736 was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means.
                                               Page H4052 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4025, H4026, H4026–27. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:30 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2015; FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1270, the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 5485, the ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–1, a closed rule for H.R. 1270. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–60 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–1, a structured rule for H.R. 5485. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read through page 265, line 9. The rule waives points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 or clause 5(a) of rule XXI, ex-cept beginning with ‘‘: Provided further’’ on page 122, line 19, through ‘‘2012’’ on page 122, line 22. The rule provides that where points of order are waived against part of a paragraph, a point of order may only be raised against the exposed provision and not the entire paragraph. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Com-mittee report, amendments en bloc described in sec-tion 3 of the rule, and pro forma amendments de-scribed in section 4 of the rule. Each amendment printed in the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the rule. The rule provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amend-ments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their des-ignees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule provides that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 6, the rule provides that section 1201 of H.R. 5485 shall be considered to be a spending reduction ac-count for purposes of section 3(d) of House Resolu-tion 5. Finally, in section 7 the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 5485, section 3304 of Senate Concurrent Resolution 11 shall not apply. Testimony was heard from Representatives Jenkins of Kansas, Crenshaw, Serrano, Davidson, Norton, Emmer of Minnesota, Mulvaney, and Sanford. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D695 June 21, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine pathways towards compliance of the Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard for ground-level ozone, including S. 2882, to facilitate efficient State im-plementation of ground-level ozone standards, and S. 2072, to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Administrator shall defer the designation of an area as a nonattainment area for purposes of the 8-hour ozone national ambient air quality standard if the area achieves and maintains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold closed hearings to examine security assistance, focusing on cutting through a tangled web of authorities, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine renewing communities and providing opportunities through innovative solutions to poverty, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 2785, to protect Native children and promote public safety in Indian country, S. 2920, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, and S. 3014, to improve the management of Indian forest land; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine accessing Department of Agriculture rural devel-opment programs in native communities, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Drug Enforcement Administration, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the progress and challenges in modernizing informa-tion technology at the Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Evaluating Ef-fectiveness and Outcomes in Nutrition Education’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Cyber Operations’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Congressional Budgeting: Making Budget Enforce-ment More Effective’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5529, the ‘‘Accessing Higher Education Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 5530, the ‘‘HBCU Capital Financing Improvement Act’’; H.R. 5528, the ‘‘Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act’’; H.R. 3179, the ‘‘Empowering Students Through Enhanced Fi-nancial Counseling Act’’; and H.R. 3178, the ‘‘Strength-ening Transparency in Higher Education Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘The Renewable Fuel Standard—Implementation Issues’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5510, the ‘‘FTC Process and Transparency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Consumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Reinforcing American Made Products Act’’; H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act’’; and H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Venezuela’s Cri-sis: Implications for the Region’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Visit to Vietnam: A Missed Op-portunity to Advance Human Rights’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum Revitalization’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Allegations of Misconduct Against IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 2304, the SPEAK FREE Act’’, 1 p.m., 2226 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating the Appropriate Role of NEPA in the Permitting Process’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges and Potential Solutions for BLM’s Wild Horse and Burro Program’’, 2:30 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4768, the ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016’’, 1:30 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Sound Science at EPA’’, 1 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Audits and Attitudes: Is the IRS Helping or Hurting Small Businesses?’’, 10:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Oversight of Commercial Space Transportation’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing on the 2016 Annual Report of the So-cial Security Board of Trustees, 2 p.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD696 June 21, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 2578, Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, and vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for McCain) Amendment No. 4787 (to Amendment No. 4685) at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of the Veto Message on H.J. Res. 88—Disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to the defini-tion of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. Begin consideration of H.R. 5485—Financial Services and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the rules: H.R. 5210—Patient Access to Durable Medical Equip-ment Act of 2016. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E962, E965 Boustany, Charles W., Jr., La., E967 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E965 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E960, E961, E962, E963, E964, E964, E965, E966, E966, E967 Costa, Jim, Calif., E970 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E961 Ellmers, Renee L., N.C., E959 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E959 Graves, Tom, Ga., E959 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E960 Hanna, Richard L., N.Y., E969 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E959, E959, E960, E960, E961, E963, E964, E965, E966, E968 Jolly, David W., Fla., E961, E964, E966 Katko, John, N.Y., E969 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E963 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E966 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E968 Poe, Ted, Tex., E968, E971 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E970 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E971 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E972 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E959 Walden, Greg, Ore., E967 Young, David, Iowa, E968, E969, E969, E970, E970, E970, E971, E971, E971, E972 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21JN6.REC D21JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST