Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2291 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 2017 No. 50 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 22, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDY  H
ULTGREN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
SURGE IN CITIZENSHIP APPLICATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken here before about the surge in demand for citizenship we are seeing in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Illinois. Thousands who are eli-gible are taking the step to become citizens because they feel threatened by a President and administration that does not seem to think of immigrants, refugees, Muslims, or Latinos as human beings. So the one way to pro-tect oneself and to protect one’s family is to apply for citizenship if you are eli-gible. Some days they are lined up out the door of my office. So full are our daily appointments, we had to add a Satur-day citizenship workshop to accommo-date all of the people who wanted to apply, and we will be adding additional workshops. At one workshop a couple of weeks ago, staff and volunteers worked with families to fill out the pa-perwork, assemble all of the evidence and fees for the application. In one day we helped 260 people fill out their citi-zenship applications. I discovered something very impor-tant. People keep coming back to me and asking: What can I do to fight back? What can I do to help immigrant communities who are under siege by President Trump, ‘‘President’’ Bannon, and all the rest of the people who want to drive immigrants out of the coun-try? So I told them they could help others apply for citizenship, and they came in droves—hipsters with funky facial hair, women with pink knit hats they made for the Women’s March, environmental and LGBTQ activists, union members, and just plain old folks from my dis-trict who are not themselves immi-grants but who feel the solidarity with immigrants in their community. You know what? This new group, after getting a little training, sat for a few hours with immigrant families, going over their histories, their stories, their reasons for being here, and their reasons for applying for U.S. citizen-ship. And they were pretty good at fill-ing out government forms. They formed a bond. They got to know each other. They were helping each other accomplish a mutual goal, which is standing up to xenophobia and the Trump-Bannon era. The citizens and the applicants to be-come citizens are both worried about Republicans taking away their health care and eliminating the environ-mental laws that have made the water we drink and the air we breathe so much safer. They worry about where women and girls will get healthcare services in cities like Chicago if Trump and his buddies defund Planned Parent-hood, or what happens after the courts are stacked with judges who are so out of step with the modern era on gender and civil rights, consumer protections, women’s health, and any of the other issues people care about. Anyone who walked out of that citi-zenship workshop where 260 new citi-zenship applications were completed felt a sense of community and inter-connectedness with one another. Now, it is sad to report that thousands of my constituents can’t spend a Saturday morning applying for citizenship. Many of them are at legal clinics or law of-fices filling out papers to address the very fear that they will lose their homes, their savings, and their families if Trump’s deportation force knocks on their door. They are filling out, by the thou-sands, power of attorney documents and child custody papers in case they are grabbed off the street, in their homes, or, worse yet, in their places of worship. It is heartbreaking. Moms and dads are making decisions about who their kids will go to live with if they get picked up and deported. Which rel-ative, neighbor, or older sibling will be in charge if mom and dad are taken away? Believe me, these kids know what is going on. The 5 million U.S. citizens who have parents at risk of deportation know that their government is a threat to their safety and their security. Their own government could come to the door and upend their lives at any moment, and their parents are pre-paring for the worst. It is the humanity, the love, their striving for a better life that comes through in these parents who want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.000 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2292 March 22, 2017 
what is best for their children and what was unavailable to them in some far-off country. These are very real people who have no legal avenues that allow them to live and work here le-gally, who have no options other than to hide or leave, who have been cut off from fully integrating into our society as citizens because Congress has been fighting over immigration reform. These are the people that Mr. Bannon, Mr. Sessions, and Mr. K
INGhave been working together for years to get out of what they call their country so that our erratic new President can point to deportations and say that he is making America great again. What is clear from the citizenship surge and all those who want to help is that America is not only great, not only kind, not only dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal, but there are Americans and those who want to be Americans will-ing to stand up and resist when leaders take us in the wrong direction. Mr. Speaker, you will see millions of Americans and aspiring Americans marching together in American cities across our great Nation on May 1, and when you do, you will see this bond and this shared humanity this coming May 1. 
f 
CUBA AND VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss two foreign policy areas that are important to our Nation, our region, and to my constituency in south Florida. Cuba and Venezuela are two countries in our hemisphere that suffer under dictatorships and are avowed enemies of the United States. In my native homeland of Cuba, we have seen human rights violations on the rise ever since the U.S. concessions to the Castro regime in December 2014. One example is the case of Dr. Eduardo Cardet of Holguin, Cuba, pictured here. He is a medical doctor and the leader of the Christian Liberation Movement who was savagely beaten in front of his wife and two children and has been im-prisoned since November 2016. Just days ago he was sentenced to 3 years in prison. Dr. Cardet is condemned and sen-tenced because he is the voice for change and a respected human rights leader. The truth is that Eduardo Cardet has been imprisoned because he is willing—and has been doing it—to tell anyone who would listen that the Cuban people do not approve of the Castro regime. For not supporting this vile Castro dictatorship and for speak-ing out against such cruelty and abuses, he was sentenced to 3 years. Mr. Speaker, we cannot stand idly by as more and more prodemocracy lead-ers are being beaten and arrested on the island. The President and his new administration have committed to re-versing some of the damage inflicted by the previous administration on the cause of freedom and democracy in Cuba. Our policy in Cuba should send a strong message throughout the hemi-sphere that the United States will no longer remain silent on these atroc-ities. It is well known that Cuba has ex-posed, has exported its barbaric tactics to other countries in the hemisphere, namely, Venezuela. The Venezuelan people believe that there is no justice in their land. They believe that there is no respect for law in their country, and they are right. And what about their economy? Well, according to the International Monetary Fund, the inflation in Ven-ezuela last year was around 800 per-cent—800 percent—and the inflation projection for this year is 1,600 percent. This is not sustainable, Mr. Speaker, especially when press reports are so visual when they show that Venezuelan people are scavenging for food. They don’t have any money, and they are ac-tually leaving their country in order to find food. Venezuela has only a little over $10 billion worth of foreign reserves, yet it owes $7 billion in outstanding debt pay-ments. This tells us, Mr. Speaker, that we have, sadly, not yet hit rock bottom in Venezuela and that the situation will get worse, which is why it is so im-portant that we begin the process to bring democratic reforms to the coun-try now in order to prevent a larger crisis that is looming in the future. One way to achieve this, Mr. Speak-er, is to impose sanctions on human rights violators. Mr. Speaker, more targeted sanctions against those indi-viduals who are responsible for the famine and the human rights viola-tions that are ongoing in Venezuela are desperately needed. Let’s examine some of the individ-uals who I believe should be on the sanctions list. First off we have Maikel Moreno. This individual, months ago, used Venezuela’s kangaroo courts and ratified the unjust sentence against po-litical prisoner Leopoldo Lopez. How was he rewarded by the Maduro regime? He was appointed to be the president of the Supreme Justice Tribunal. Just appalling. Next up is Marco Torres. Marco Torres is the Venezuelan Minister of Food. Let’s examine his awful track record. The food shortages in Ven-ezuela are rampant, and it is difficult for the people to feed themselves or their families. To make matters worse, Mr. Speaker, press reports indicate that Venezuelans are eating from trash in the street just to survive. The Ven-ezuelan people deserve better. Next we have Jose Viloria Sosa, this gentleman right here. He is the direc-tor of the military prison of Ramo Verde. This decrepit character is re-sponsible for the inhumane treatment and abusive tactics against human rights activist Leopoldo Lopez. Lastly, Susana Barreiros Rodriguez. In 2015, she was the judge of the 28th Trial Circuit Court of Caracas who was the one who originally unjustly sen-tenced Leopoldo Lopez to jail. We must provide a voice for those whose rights continue to be trampled, and take swift and decisive actions such as imposing sanctions on all of these regime officials and many more who facilitate those abuses. When it comes to the tyranny in Cuba and in Venezuela, Mr. Speaker, we must have a clear vision and a clear understanding of the nature of these rogue regimes that do not respect the rule of law, do not respect freedom of expression, and do not respect any kind of human dignity. f 
HEALTHCARE TROJAN HORSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, when Queen Helen of Sparta was abducted by the Trojan prince Paris, Helen’s jilted husband convinced his brother, a Greek king, to lead an expedition to retrieve her. He was accompanied by a fleet of more than a thousand ships. They crossed the sea to Troy and demanded Helen’s return. The siege, punctuated by all sorts of battles and skirmishes, lasted more than 10 years until one day when Odys-seus had a bright idea. He said: Hey, guys, let’s build a really massive wood-en horse. Let’s pretend like we have given up and sailed our fleet behind some island, but really about 30 of us will hide inside the horse. We will have someone tell the Trojans that it is some kind of gift to Athena, the god-dess of war, and they will haul it into their city. When they are asleep, we will all sneak out, open the gates for everybody else, and totally kill every-body in the city. And that is the legend of the Trojan horse. So what is the moral of that story and why am I reciting Greek lore on the floor of Congress today? Well, because history has a way of re-peating itself. Today we have our own Trojan horse, a so-called GOP healthcare bill, TrumpCare, that pro-fesses to be about health care but, in reality, is a Trojan horse to give tax breaks to the wealthiest in the coun-try. Let’s take a serious look at it. We are told that it is the replacement to the Affordable Care Act, a bill that has offered insurance to over 20 million people in this country. Now that re-placement is supposed to fix the prob-lems of the Affordable Care Act and en-sure health care for everyone, as prom-ised by President Trump. But the covert part of TrumpCare was that he got busted last week when the Congressional Budget Office, our nonpartisan agency that evaluates bills, said that, in reality, the bill does little to improve health care. In fact, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.002 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2293 March 22, 2017 
said 24 million people would lose access to health care, not gain it. And it said older Americans would pay more for health insurance than under the Af-fordable Care Act and get fewer sub-sidies, and that more people on Med-icaid would lose access to health care as well. So how can a supposed healthcare bill actually reduce health care? Well, when it is only a pretend healthcare bill. And what else did the CBO say? Well, they said this bill also includes almost $600 billion in tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals in our country, insurance companies, and Big Pharma. It gets worse. Those tax cuts for the wealthy, just how bad are they? Well, the 400 richest families in the country making more than $300 million a year will get an annual tax cut of $7 million each. So Charles Koch and Betsy DeVos get $7 million a year while a retired farmer in Janesville, Wisconsin, in Speaker R
YAN’s district, earning $26,000 a year may have to pay $14,600 for the same health care she got under the Affordable Care Act, but the old cost was only about $1,700. That is a 750 percent increase on low-income, older Americans so the richest can bank millions. b1015 And the CBO said another tax cut in TrumpCare provides about $275 billion in tax breaks that only the top 2 per-cent of Americans can get, while 98 percent of us will never see a dime. And who else gets tax cuts? Insur-ance companies get a tax break of about $145 billion, drug companies get a tax break of $25 billion, and medical device companies get a break of about $20 billion. That is almost $600 billion worth of tax cuts for the wealthy, and what do we get? Less health care for more money. That is not a serious healthcare al-ternative. That is a tax cut for the wealthy disguised as health care, and you and I get to foot the bill. That is what is called a Trojan horse. And you have to be especially careful these days because Trojans are a little bit different than they used to be, and they are only used when you get—well, the same thing this will do to America, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
IMPORTANCE OF CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, recently, the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Ele-mentary, and Secondary Education hosted a hearing to discuss the state of career and technical education in America, as well as changes that can be made to strengthen CTE and better prepare students of all ages for the workforce. One of the biggest challenges facing career and technical education is the stigma associated with it. Through the years, we have seen wrongheaded claims that students involved in the trades lacked ambition. Those mis-placed assumptions are slowly sub-siding, but not soon enough. CTE has established itself as a path that many high-achieving students choose in pursuit of industry certifi-cation and hands-on skills that they can use right out of high school, in training programs, or in college. At this hearing, we heard from many knowledgeable witnesses, including Mike Rowe, the television host of the television show ‘‘Dirty Jobs.’’ Mike shared his experience as a young stu-dent who didn’t know what career path he wanted to follow. So, he looked no further than his local community col-lege. His eyes were open to hundreds of courses that he could afford to study. And Mike said: ‘‘That experience opened doors I didn’t even know ex-isted. But that same experience is pre-cisely what thousands of kids are dis-couraged from pursuing every year.’’ Mr. Speaker, the reality is, a huge gap exists in communities nationwide. There are jobs out there, good family- sustaining jobs, but the unemployed or underemployed are either ill-prepared or lack the appropriate training to fill these vacancies. The answer to this problem starts with career and tech-nical education. That is why last Congress I intro-duced Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bill, which passed the House in the fall by a vote of 405–5, aimed to close the skills gap by modernizing the Federal investment in career and tech-nical education programs and con-necting educators with industry stake-holders—the job creators. I look forward to reintroducing simi-lar legislation with my Career and Technical Education Caucus co-chair, Congressman JIM LANGEVIN from Rhode Island, later this month. During the hearing, Mike Rowe de-scribed naysayers as viewing a job in the trades as a ‘‘vocational consolation prize.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, nothing could be further from the truth. We must change this stigma, this bias, and help encourage American students to study a career that they are interested in and that they are passionate about. The list is endless with career and technical education, and the jobs are out there. 
f 
HEALTH CARE CONCERNS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today, I cele-brate the birth of my twin daughters, Sky and Sage as they turn 2 years old. Happy birthday, Sky; happy birth-day, Sage. You both have made your mom, Monica, and me very, very happy. Because of you both, I am the happiest man on Earth. We love you very much, and I miss you very much when I am here in the people’s House and you are in California in our fam-ily’s house. The best feelings in the world are when I get home after a long week here and you two girls run up to me with open arms and you run into my arms screaming: Daddy, daddy, daddy. I will never forget those mo-ments ever, and I thank you for them. Mr. Speaker, my daughters mean the world to me, and my daughters’ future and their health mean the world to me. And now, more than ever, I want to protect health care for Sky and Sage and for the millions of Americans across our great Nation. I am an emergency physician, and I have spent my career caring for pa-tients across the Nation from Boston to Pittsburgh and to the Coachella Val-ley where I grew up and which I now represent. Many of my patients, far too many, didn’t have health insurance. And I have seen firsthand what it means for people when they don’t have health coverage and can’t afford care. I know what uninsured patients look like. They are the senior who comes in with emphysema and having to be intubated and put on a respiratory ma-chine because they didn’t have health insurance to see their doctor. It is the diabetic who comes in in a diabetic coma and spends 2 months in the ICU because they couldn’t afford their insu-lin, or they couldn’t see their doctor. Or that 60-year-old farmworker who had urinary problems and lower back pains, which scares me that he might have prostate cancer metastasized to the lumbar spine, and when asked when was the last time he saw a doctor, he said 6 years ago because that is when he lost his health insurance. This Republican plan should be called the pain and suffering act or the pay more for less act, because that is what it will do. This bill will add 14 million more uninsured people within 1 year and 24 million more over the next dec-ade. We need to move beyond the Repub-lican hyperpartisan ideology and listen to patients and their concerns. My pa-tients in the emergency department ask me two of the most common ques-tions, which are: Am I going to be okay? How much is this going to cost me? I have never cared for an uninsured patient who chose to be uninsured. They didn’t have health insurance be-cause they couldn’t afford it. And that includes the young, healthy patient who was in an unfortunate car accident and was left paralyzed. I never met a doctor who preferred their patients to be uninsured. Yet, we know that the Republican bill’s age tax—huge cuts to Medicaid— will reduce coverage and make millions more uninsured, increase costs of un-compensated care, while giving tax breaks to millionaires, raising out-of- pocket costs, and raising premiums and deductibles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.004 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2294 March 22, 2017 
The age tax is astronomical. The CBO said that a senior at the age of 60, making about $26,000, would have to pay about $14,000 in premiums. That is nearly half of their income, leaving very little for food and housing and their other needs. This bill also will make it harder for doctors and hospitals to care for pa-tients, due to the Medicaid block granting and the cuts. That is why the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the AARP, and many major provider orga-nizations oppose this bill, because they also know firsthand the harm it would cause to patients. That is why AARP opposes this bill, because they know the harm it is going to cause to the el-derly in our Nation. Now, do P
AUL RYAN and President Trump really know more about patient care and providing care than doctors, nurses, and hospitals? Do they know more about taking care of seniors than the AARP? No. We need to end this hyperpartisan, ideological charade that puts the cost of health care on the shoulders of working families in order to give tax breaks to multimillion-aires. We need to come together as one body to provide true health care, re-duce the healthcare costs for millions of Americans, and provide the care that is needed. 
f 
REPEALING OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, 7 years ago this week, in this Chamber, the House gave final passage to the Affordable Care Act, better known as ObamaCare. I wasn’t in Congress then. Many of us weren’t. But for my fellow conserv-atives here today, that vote 7 years ago marked a decision point, or a moment of affirmation, to answer the call to public service and to help chart a bet-ter way for this country. And for 7 years, we have made the case against ObamaCare. As the law has been implemented, that case has been largely made for us. Millions have been forced away from the healthcare plan and doctor they liked, despite being told otherwise. This year alone, in Alabama, health insurance premiums are rising by 58 percent. That is on top of the already steep increases the past 2 years. Our average deductible for the supposedly affordable bronze plan is now $6,000. I have heard from countless constitu-ents about the negative impact of ObamaCare. I have listened to their stories about how higher costs and fewer choices have made it that much harder to keep their families healthy and make ends meet. And in response, I made a promise— the same promise President Trump and every conservative in Congress has made over and over: Give us the major-ity in the House and the Senate, give us a Republican in the White House, and we will repeal ObamaCare and re-place it with reforms that work. So, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we are finally in a position to deliver on that promise. The voters gave us what we asked of them, and it is only right that we keep our end of the bar-gain. With the American Health Care Act, we begin the process of repealing ObamaCare once and for all. This bill dismantles the taxes, mandates, and entitlement spending that make up the core of ObamaCare. It cuts taxes on prescription drugs, over-the-counter medications, insurance premiums, and medical devices. It eliminates the indi-vidual and employer mandate penalties that have forced millions into expen-sive, inadequate plans. It replaces the ObamaCare entitlement with refund-able tax credits so that people who don’t receive insurance through work can put their own tax dollars toward a health plan of their choice. Mr. Speaker, many people have asked why our plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare is a process. Why is this bill only one step and not the full pack-age? It is an understandable question. For the last several years, Americans have been sold the false hope that gov-ernment has a magic wand with which they can solve all of their problems. The truth is, of course, that it can’t. It never can. And the only proof you need is ObamaCare itself. That is why congressional Repub-licans and the Trump administration are taking a completely different ap-proach than President Obama and the Democrats used 7 years ago. Instead of claiming we need to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it, we have worked in a transparent way. The bill text has been posted online for 3 weeks. It has gone through three separate committee markups, and will come to the House floor in regular order. Instead of one giant bill like ObamaCare, we are using a more re-sponsible, three-step process. First, we will repeal ObamaCare with all its taxes, mandates, and spending through budget reconciliation. Next, the Trump administration will use executive au-thority to weed out the more intricate ObamaCare policies one by one to sta-bilize the market and lower costs. And finally, Congress will move forward with legislation addressing more spe-cific policies, such as allowing individ-uals to purchase insurance across State lines. I believe this will ultimately lead to better, more stable healthcare policy that empowers patients, increases choices, and lowers costs. Mr. Speaker, no bill is perfect. I am sure if every Member of this body came up with their ideal health reform bill, they would each be pretty different. It is supposed to be that way, because we all represent different districts in dif-ferent parts of the country with dif-ferent needs. There may well be some changes made here in the House or in the Sen-ate that can make the bill better. That is part of the process, so I certainly re-main open to those. But, Mr. Speaker, I am confident this bill puts us on a path toward lower cost and better care, and away from govern-ment-controlled health insurance. It represents our opportunity to undo the damage of ObamaCare and help Amer-ican families like we said we would. For 7 years, we have been promising, and this is our chance to deliver. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the American Health Care Act and send it to the Senate, and get us one step closer to delivering on our promise. f 
b1030 LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE CON-CERNING THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the American Health Care Act, or TrumpCare, does one simple thing: This shortsighted Re-publican plan forces Americans to pay more to get less. It is nothing more than a tax break for the wealthiest at the expense of the most vulnerable. Today, joining every major respon-sible group for providing health care to Americans—including the American Hospital Association, the AARP, the National Physicians Alliance, the American Medical Association, the As-sociation of American Physicians and Surgeons, and the National Nurses United—a group representing over 150,000 registered nurses wrote to Con-gress urging us to oppose the American Health Care Act. Registered nurses care for Americans in our most difficult hours. From our first breath of life to our final, nurses are integral to the delivery of health care in our country. More than any other profession, nurses see the per-sonal effects of a flawed healthcare system in the hospital every single day. I know, Mr. Speaker, because I was the first former registered nurse in the House. I have a firsthand, valuable per-spective and insight that nurses have into our healthcare system. We should take their heed alongside the public outcry about the danger of this so- called replacement bill. These are not paid protesters going to townhall meetings across this coun-try. These are our constituents, par-ticipating democratically, telling their Representatives that they want to keep and improve the current law, not repeal and replace. This proposed plan replaces nothing for the 24 million Americans who would lose coverage as a result of this ill-de-rived legislation. In my district alone, President Obama’s Affordable Care Act brought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.006 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2295 March 22, 2017 
the uninsured rate down from 27.3 per-cent to 20.8 percent, and insured over 265,000 individuals who did not have coverage before. While the main safety net provider in my district, Parkland Memorial Hospital, provided $1 billion in uncompensated care in 2015, Park-land and the other safety net providers face severe financial burdens in the House GOP proposal. One of my main concerns with this bill is that it punishes people who get their coverage through Medicaid by capping and slashing the program. With 70 million Americans and 5.2 mil-lion Texans who currently rely on Med-icaid, per capita caps on the program would not meet the needs of the popu-lation, and the people would suffer. People will live or die as a result of our decisions here on this floor, Mr. Speaker. There is no reason for the Re-publican leadership to rush this legisla-tion without careful consideration, in-cluding the input of those who actually provide health care. We need to listen to our constituents, our nurses, our doctors, our long-term care aides, and our hospitals. We must listen to the people. This bill will force Americans to pay more for their pre-miums, more for their care, more for their medicine, more out-of-pocket ex-penses and deductibles, all the while giving tax breaks directly to the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to consider the harmful effects of this bill. Your constituents are asking you to work with us to repair the Afford-able Care Act, and we are ready to work. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  correspondence from National Nurses United. 
NATIONAL NURSES UNITED , Silver Spring, MD/Oakland, CA, March 21, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 150,000 Registered Nurse members of Na-tional Nurses United, we urge you to oppose the American Health Care Act when it comes to a vote on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. Registered Nurses care for Americans in their most difficult hours. More than any other profession, we see the personal effects of a flawed healthcare system in the hospital every single day. Our primary responsibility is to protect the health and wellness of our patients by providing care at the bedside. The American Health Care Act poses a mortal threat to the health and well-being of our patients, and to the health security of our country. Last week, the Congressional Budget Office reported that 24 million Amer-icans will lose insurance coverage under the original legislative text. The plan would in-crease the number of uninsured people by 78% in 2020, and by 86% in 2026. This reality is in stark contrast to one of the key cam-paign promises made by the President this past year—instead of providing ‘‘insurance for everybody’’, this healthcare bill will dra-matically reduce the number of insured Americans. The President also promised not to cut Medicaid or Medicare, but the AHCA includes drastic cuts to both programs. There is not a single aspect of this legisla-tion that will benefit our patients who lack the health care services that they need. Spe-cifically, the legislation will: Eliminate the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which will worsen the health of our communities, spread infectious disease, and increase health system costs; Phase out coverage for Medicaid expansion in Medicaid expansion states beginning in 2020, while preventing new states from re-ceiving enhanced Federal Medical Assistance Percentage in order to expand Medicaid; Institute a per capita cap for Medicaid, along with the option for states to use a block grant instead. Both options will reduce coverage for the most vulnerable, shift care from clinics to emergency rooms, increase system costs for the chronically ill as they defer treatments because of cost, and un-fairly shift the burden of costs to the states; Empower individual states to determine eligibility, scope and benefits for Medicaid as per their own discretion, but there will be no increase in federal monies to cover expanded eligibility; Eliminate funding to Planned Parenthood which will worsen women’s health, and cre-ate burdens for women, families and society from unsafe pregnancies and other health conditions no longer treated; Eliminate the definition of ‘‘essential ben-efits’’—a move that makes all patients vul-nerable to the distortions and marketing games of insurance companies; Repeal the cost-sharing subsidies of the ACA, and destroy the ability of 80% of people currently buying insurance on the Ex-changes to maintain coverage; Open the door for junk insurance. The bill includes a penalty for lack of continuous coverage, creating a big incentive for pa-tients to buy low-cost, no-coverage plans; Fail to encourage low-cost coverage, be-cause the legislation shifts thousands of dol-lars in spending from insurance company spending to the individual’s out of pocket costs; Reproduce the failed ‘‘high-risk pools’’ of the 1990’s and 2000’s, through the ‘‘Patient and Stability Fund’’. It is inevitable that the number of eligible patients will overwhelm the resources of these high risk pools; Repeal the Medicare Hospital Insurance Tax, which will reduce funding and desta-bilize for the Medicare program that our na-tion’s seniors rely on; Allow insurers to charge seniors five times the amount of a younger person. This revi-sion will prove to be deadly for our nation’s seniors, and it reveals the extent to which this reform will benefit the profit margins of insurance companies, at the expense of pa-tients’ lives. Our experience at the bedside, coupled with analysis from health policy researchers, con-firm our conclusion that this bill does not address the primary concerns of our pa-tients: getting the care they need when they need it, without overwhelming financial bur-dens. Over many years, with the notable excep-tion of the passage of Medicare in 1965, the United States has built a patchwork health system around private insurance access, rather than genuine access to health care. This legislation, if enacted, will perpetuate this system while undermining gains made in the Affordable Care Act. Given the ulti-mate reductions in Medicaid, and the other reversals in the bill, there is literally noth-ing in this legislation that provides our pa-tients with the care they need. In order to effectively address the health system problems in this country, legislators must move beyond a private health insur-ance company dominated system. Health policy research, and the experience of every other wealthy nation, shows that a single- payer health care system is the most suc-cessful model to use. In the United States, Medicare is an example of how successful such a system can be. If the goal of our health system is to provide quality care for all Americans at the lowest cost possible, then we must transition to a single payer healthcare system—or Medicare For All. The principal effect of the American Health Care Act, on the other hand, will be the loss of existing health coverage for tens of millions of people without any restraints on healthcare industry pricing practices. This legislation will result in overwhelming health insecurity for the American people. On behalf of registered nurses across the country, we urge the rejection of this flawed, and deadly, proposal. We urge you to instead support guaranteed healthcare for all, through an improved, expanded Medicare for All program. Sincerely, DEBORAH BURGER , RN, President, NNU. J
EANROSS, RN, President, NNU. f 
RECOGNIZING CAMPBELLSVILLE UNIVERSITY LADY TIGERS WOM-EN’S BASKETBALL TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay special recognition to the Camp-bellsville University Lady Tigers wom-en’s basketball team upon making the entire Commonwealth of Kentucky proud with another successful college basketball season. The Lady Tigers fin-ished with a 28–7 record and appeared in their second NAIA Fab Four round in 3 years. In their final four game in Billings, Montana, against Oklahoma City, two girls from my home county of Monroe had career highlights. Madison Clements hit six 3-pointers and Lauren Turner had nine assists. The Camp-bellsville University Lady Tigers are also coached by a Monroe County girl, Ginger High Colvin. The Campbellsville University Lady Tigers have been one of the most domi-nant college girls basketball programs in the NAIA over the past 20 years. Campbellsville University is one of Kentucky’s finest educational institu-tions, and I am very proud that Camp-bellsville is in the First Congressional District of Kentucky. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT DOESN’T HELP MENTAL HEALTH PATIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, a few months ago, a woman from my district walked into my office and told me about her daughter, a young lady diag-nosed with acute mental illness at just 4 years of age. A decade later, the stories that that young mom shared would split your heart: stories of countless ER visits, endless fights with insurers and courts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.008 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2296 March 22, 2017 
a little girl being boarded at a hospital for 21 days while they searched up and down the East Coast to find a bed where she could stay. At 14 years old, she has now spent half of her life in residential care. But it was how her mother ended that story that has stuck with me. She looked me in the eyes and told me that: ‘‘Com-pared to other people I know, we have been lucky.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is not luck. This is a mental health system so broken that it is hard to recognize. And how have our Republican col-leagues followed up in response? They have offered a piece of legislation that is one of the largest assaults on our mental health system in recent his-tory. The GOP repeal bill will remove guaranteed behavioral health coverage for everyone covered under the Med-icaid expansion. It will abandon those suffering from substance abuse disorder to fend for themselves in a country ravaged by opioid abuse. It will allow work requirements for care, forcing countless people to somehow choose be-tween getting treatment and keeping their job. It will help insurers further skirt parity laws that require them to treat the mentally ill fairly. It will send out-of-pocket costs soaring for the most vulnerable among us. Mr. Speaker, one in five Americans today suffer from mental illness. These brave men and women and their fami-lies that love them deserve more than the cheap luck of a broken system. They deserve more than the empty rhetoric of a bill that ‘‘might’’ cover or ‘‘could’’ cover the care that they need. They deserve an ironclad commitment from their government that we will have their back. This bill does not do that. 
f 
DON’T REPEAL AFFORDABLE CARE ACT—MAKE BIG FIXES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare plan supported by President Trump and Speaker R
YAN will raise premiums and deductibles. Let’s tell the truth here on the floor of the House of Representatives. It will raise premiums and deductibles. It will throw millions off of their insurance. It will shift the cost of health care to the States who are fiscally strapped today, causing a rationing of care at the State level. And, yes, it will cover less and less people and raise the insecurity that people have today about whether or not, if they get an illness or some-one in their family does, they are going to have healthcare coverage. The result is that working people, older Americans, will pay more; and, in fact, with older Americans, it will im-pose an age tax. The irony of this is that working people and older Ameri-cans are going to be paying for the tax breaks in this bill, tax breaks to mil-lionaires and to billionaires. I will ex-plain. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office recently estimated that 14 million Americans will lose coverage in 2018; 24 million Americans will lose their insurance coverage by 2026. In my State of Connecticut, 220,300 individ-uals are projected to lose their health insurance by 2026. Again, older Americans will be hit the hardest. They will see their pre-miums spike. Yes, it is an age tax. And the reckless cuts in this bill rob, in ad-dition to this, it robs the Medicare trust fund, which people rely on, of over $170 billion, shortening the life of that trust fund by years. Long-term care that older Americans rely on will be hurt, as well as folks who are dis-abled. And children will be hurt as well. Over the next 10 years—and again, these are not my numbers, but the Joint Committee on Taxation esti-mates that two of the tax breaks in the repeal bill will provide $275 billion in tax cuts to individuals who have an in-come over $200,000, and nearly $190 bil-lion will go to tax cuts for health in-surance companies. Do we believe that they are hurting? It is also going to provide a tax break for drug companies, for pharmaceutical companies. Are they hurting today? No. They are reaping profits every single day. That is the case with medical device manu-facturers as well. While the wealthiest Americans and corporations reap the benefits of this Trump bill and Ryan bill, roughly 160 million households with incomes below that $200,000 level will pay for the re-peal of these taxes. I have heard from thousands of my constituents about how the Affordable Care Act has positively impacted their lives. I have submitted testimony for the record from women in my district who depend on the Affordable Care Act to manage life-threatening illnesses, get back to work, get them the mental health services that they need. Just think of that injustice when you think about Mnikesa Whitaker, whom I spoke to just 2 weeks ago. She has an autoimmune disease which is called scleroderma. I regret to say that this has put her life in danger, but she now has the protection because she is no longer threatened by preexisting condi-tions. In her words, she said: ‘‘I will die without the Affordable Care Act.’’ We have a moral obligation not to let Mnikesa or others down. We have an obligation to older Americans and to the middle class of this country, to working people. The Affordable Care Act needs to be changed in critical ways. Premiums and deductibles are way too high and are putting too much strain on families who barely make enough to live on. We know that be-cause their wages have not kept pace with rising costs. There is not enough competition in the marketplaces. But instead of repealing the Afford-able Care Act, we should be working our hearts out to make the big fixes that are necessary. But my friends, that starts with defeating this wrong-headed bill. f 
b1045 LET’S COME TOGETHER TO MAKE MEANINGFUL PROGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. L
AWSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is an exercise in smoke and mirrors. This proposal would give tax breaks to wealthy Americans by burdening hardworking families with higher healthcare costs. The Republican plan allows for soar-ing new healthcare costs for our sen-iors and shortens the life of the Medi-care trust fund, endangering seniors and disabled Americans who depend on Medicare coverage. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office estimates that if the Repub-lican proposal became the law of the land, some 14 million people will be without healthcare insurance in 2018, and up to 24 million could lose their healthcare coverage by the year 2026. The CBO also found that average pre-miums for people buying insurance on their own would be 15 to 20 percent higher in 2018 and 2019 than they would under current law. In my home district, the uninsured rate has gone from 18.7 percent to 14.9 percent since the Affordable Care Act was implemented, and 34,000 people have purchased coverage thanks to the ACA. Those people are now at risk of losing their healthcare coverage if the Republican plan becomes law. This is completely unacceptable to Floridians. We know that the Affordable Care Act is not a perfect law, and there is a lot of room for improvement. That is what we should focus on in Congress right now: coming together to figure out ways to bring down healthcare costs, stabilize the market, and help ensure that more people can have ac-cess to the affordable health care they need and deserve. We need to put aside the partisan bickering, roll up our sleeves, and get to work. It is a sad day in America when Members of Congress are unable to come together to do what is right for the American people. I will con-tinue to fight to ensure that Floridians with preexisting conditions don’t have to worry about losing their healthcare costs, and that young adults can stay on their family’s insurance until they reach age 26. I urge my colleagues to remember that no roads or bridges were ever built by Democrats or Republicans. No war was ever won by Democrats or Repub-licans. From Social Security to Medi-care, to putting a man on the Moon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.009 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2297 March 22, 2017 
and tearing down the Berlin wall, none of these milestones in our history was accomplished by one particular polit-ical party. They are a result of public servants coming together to solve the great challenges of our time. This is the challenge that lies before us: we must find a way to come to-gether to make meaningful progress for the American people. 
f 
PEOPLE NEED BETTER HEALTH CARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and Speaker R
YAN have said that the Affordable Care Act that we have now is a disaster, that it is a ca-lamity. There are problems with it. For some people in some plans, premiums are too high. So what do the Republicans want to do? Raise the premiums. For some people in some plans, deductibles are too high. So what do the Republicans want to do? Make the deductibles much higher. Let’s get away from the rhetoric about the Affordable Care Act and look at what the Republicans plan to do with the bill that we are going to be voting on presumably in the next few days: raise the premiums, raise the deductibles. They say that you will not be dis-qualified for preexisting conditions and that you will still be able to get insur-ance, but not if you let your coverage lapse in 6 months. If you are laid off from your job and you lose your insur-ance and 6 months later you get insur-ance, no, you are going to have to pay a 30 percent higher premium in order to get coverage. So their guarantee is worth nothing. What does the bill that we are going to be voting on do? This bill would throw 24 million peo-ple off of coverage. Twenty four mil-lion Americans would lose their health care, the security of mind that they have now. This bill would destroy about 2 million jobs. This bill would force families to pay higher costs, higher premiums, higher deductibles. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office estimates that a 50- or 60- year-old person making $26,000 and who, under ObamaCare, is paying, after the subsidies, out of pocket $1,700 a year for health insurance, will, under this new Republican bill, after the ap-propriate subsidies that this bill will give, pay not $1,700, but $14,000 on a pretax income of $26,000. So this bill will increase costs, throw 24 million people off of coverage, and impose an age tax. People above 50 years old will have to pay five times as much as younger people for insurance, a very crushing age tax. Why? Why do this? Because they say people need more freedom to choose their health care. People don’t need more freedom to choose their health care. People need better health care. They need coverage. They need security. They need cov-erage that will take care of their health needs at a low cost. That is what they need. The ObamaCare, the existing bill that we have, the Affordable Care Act, gives them that, not as well as it should. We should make improvements to it. It is not an improvement to throw 24 million people off of coverage, increase the cost, and institute a crushing age tax. Why? It is to give a tax benefit of $2.8 bil-lion to the richest 400 families in the United States. This bill would be the largest transfer of wealth from low- and mostly middle-income people to the top 1 percent in American history. Let me just address one last thing. People are being bribed to vote for this bill. People are being bribed legally. Provisions are being put in the bill to say: Hey, if you vote for this bill, you will benefit, your State will benefit. Okay. There is nothing wrong with that. It has been done before. Let’s take a look at one of those bribes, the so-called New York bribe. New York, along with 15 other States, takes advantage or utilizes a provision in the law that has been in the law since 1965 in Medicaid in which the State share of Medicaid is borne par-tially by the State and partially by local governments. Sixteen States have elected to do that. This bill says that New York State only will be prohibited from sharing the burden of Medicaid with local gov-ernments. So $2.3 billion will be shifted from various local governments onto the State’s taxpayers, except for New York City. Upstate counties will lose their share. New York City will have to keep it. The State will have to bear the burden. So it is a $2.3 billion increase for State taxpayers. Now, eight Republicans, we are told, from upstate New York are going to vote for this bill just because of that. They don’t like the bill in other re-spects, but because of that provision, which will relieve some of the burden from local counties, they are going to vote for the bill; and they say so. Rep-resentative C
OLLINS of New York said so. He would vote for that bill. He got a number of other people to agree. That is why the provision is in the bill. Okay. But it is not going to happen. It is flatly unconstitutional. They are selling their votes for something that is never going to happen, and that is just wrong. This bill should not be ap-proved. It is a sellout to the people of the entire country. 
f 
BUILD ON AFFORDABLE COVERAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am here today on the floor of the House to speak out on behalf of my neighbors back home in the State of Florida. I represent a district in the Tampa Bay area. Let me tell you, they are very concerned about the impact of this Republican healthcare bill. What we know about the bill so far, based upon the report of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, is that the Republican bill will rip cov-erage away from at least 24 million Americans. This is at a time when we have made such progress since the adoption of the Affordable Care Act. Under the Affordable Care Act, about 20 million Americans have gained cov-erage, including about 1.7 million of my neighbors in Florida that went shopping on healthcare.gov and found an affordable option. The Republican bill would take us backwards. It would also impose huge cost increases on everyone. Let me tell you, most people in America have their insurance through their employer. And under the Affordable Care Act—it hasn’t been perfect—what we have seen in the State of Florida between the years 2010 and 2015 is the rate of in-crease for my neighbors who have their insurance through their jobs has been kept in check. The rate of increase has only been 1.3 percent. Before the adop-tion of the Affordable Care Act, the rate of increase was well over 8 per-cent. Why is this happening? If you have insurance through your job, you want other people to have in-surance coverage. That is very impor-tant because, if more Americans don’t have insurance coverage, they show up in the emergency room and that cost is passed along to those who have cov-erage or those on Medicare, or the hos-pital has to take on bad debt, or local governments have to raise taxes to cover that care. Under this Republican bill, hold on to your wallet because that insurance coverage now will be unaffordable for millions of more Americans. If you have insurance through your job, like most people do, you are now going to end up picking up the cost of people that can no longer afford coverage. If you are a little bit older, easing into Medicare—maybe you are 50 to 64—hold on to your wallet. There is a huge age tax in this Republican bill. I will give you an example from a neighbor of mine back home. Her name is Kathy Palmer. She lives in Tampa. She works two part-time jobs. She works for an accountant. It is a small business. They cannot afford to provide insurance through their small business. She is also working to get her degree in accountancy from the University of South Florida. Kathy has two part- time jobs. She is age 60. She is going to school to get a degree. She has a teen-ager in high school. She couldn’t afford insurance coverage before the Afford-able Care Act. When the Affordable Care Act was adopted, she could go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.011 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2298 March 22, 2017 
shopping on healthcare.gov and get some tax credit help to help afford cov-erage. Here is what happened to Kathy in December. She had heart pains. She thought she was having a heart attack. She went to the emergency room of one of our great local hospitals. Thank goodness, she did not have a heart at-tack. Kathy almost had a heart attack, however, when she got the hospital bill later. The hospital bill was $70,000. That would bankrupt her. Fortunately, she had coverage through the Afford-able Care Act at healthcare.gov, and ultimately what she paid on that hos-pital bill was only $179. This story is repeated over and over again, and I simply do not understand why my Republican colleagues think it is wise to make coverage unaffordable and increase cost on all Americans. Mr. Speaker, the other part of this bill that is kind of flying under the radar, but is quite insidious and rather unconscionable is the hatchet it takes to the 50-year guarantee that is pro-vided to Americans under Medicaid. Medicaid serves our neighbors with Alzheimer’s. It pays about two-thirds of the cost of long-term care and skilled nursing, the cost of care for the disabled, many children, many preg-nant women. It has been the law for about 50 years to ensure that, in the United States of America, if you have a child born with a complex medical con-dition or you have a parent or grand-parent that has to go into a nursing home, that your family is not going to be impoverished. That is a valued deci-sion we made 50 years ago. In this bill, the Republican leader-ship intends to go back on our values and pull the rug out from under our families who rely on Medicaid services. They say: Oh, the States will be able to do this. The States will have all the flexibility in the world. Well, flexibility is a canard for they are going to have less, and we are going to ration care. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to pull this bill, to build on affordable coverage, to build on the cost savings that we have made and the progress we have made for these fami-lies. 
f 
b1100 HEALTH CARE OUGHT TO BE A RIGHT AND NOT A PRIVILEGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 min-utes. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, let me thank you for giving me the opportunity to once again ex-press my opposition to the repeal-and- replace healthcare bill before us. You know, it is my position that health care ought to be a right and not a privilege, especially in a country where we have the skill, the knowl-edge, and the technology to provide it. Medicare and Medicaid opened up new opportunities for health care for seniors and large numbers of low-in-come, poor people in this country in the mid-1960s. As a matter of fact, be-fore Medicaid and Medicare, some of them had never ever been able to ac-quire any professional medical help. As a matter of fact, they lived off rem-edies and concoctions and things that they had learned how to put together. Now we come along with some help— Medicare, Medicaid—and the next big move was the Affordable Care Act, which was a long time coming, but it helped us move to the point where more than 20 million people were able to get health insurance who had never had it before, whose only outlet was to go to the emergency room of public hospitals and oftentimes sit sometimes for 2 or 3 days before they got service, before they got attention. Now, here we come with something talking about repealing it, taking it away. How could we possibly want to go backwards, back to where millions of people are wondering every day whether or not they are going to be able to go to the doctor and get serv-iced if they are sick? And so I say to my colleagues, espe-cially those who have never had the ex-perience of knowing hundreds of people with no care like I have, let’s say: No, no, no. Forward ever, backwards never. f 
DON’T WALK THE PLANK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it was 7 years ago today that the Afford-able Care Act passed and changed the lives of so many millions of Americans who previously couldn’t get health care. But I think we knew even at the time that a big bill like this, a trans-formative piece of legislation like this, over time would require some changes, just as Social Security and Medicare have done. The truth of the matter is, for 7 years, as we heard Republicans com-plaining about what was happening, we said: Let’s sit down together, as Mem-bers of Congress, representatives of the people, and fix what we have got and build on the things that have made it possible for all these millions of people to have not only health care, but bet-ter health care. Instead, what we heard over and over again is: Repeal ObamaCare; repeal ObamaCare. And I kind of feel like today what we have is, because they said that, then they feel like they have to fulfill a promise. But if you look at what they are offering, it really hurts so many Americans. What I hope the American people will understand is that the so-called repeal- and-replace bill raises the cost of pre-miums and out-of-pocket costs. People are going to pay more and get less. Twenty-four million people—that is just a start; it ends up being some 50 million people after some years—will lose their coverage altogether. It represents the single largest trans-fer of wealth to the top richest Ameri-cans and corporations. We are talking about $600 billion in tax relief. There is not a lot of talk about that. In many ways, this is a tax cut for the richest being masked as a healthcare bill. Finally, I want to really focus in on what we call the age tax. Well, before I was a senior citizen myself, I have worked with older Americans in the State of Illinois, where I am from, and here in Congress as well. So what is this age tax? This bill says that people who are between the age of 50—not very old—and 64, in other words, pre-Medicare, will be allowed to be charged five times more than young people for their health care. Actually, it allows the States even to go more than five times more for their health care. It will lower the subsidies. As has been said many times, here is just an example. If you are 64 years old with an income of around $26,500— which, by the way, is the median in-come for people that age, certainly not a wealthy person—you would pay, under this bill, the Republican bill, $14,600 for premiums—think of that—as compared to $1,700 today, an increase of $12,900. So it is not surprising that the Congressional Budget Office pre-dicts that many of those people will simply have to give up their health care. The reason they want to charge them more is to entice younger people, who will then pay lower premiums, to actu-ally get on the program. We are all for that. We want to make sure that young people get on. But people who are 50 to 64 are very likely, or more likely than young people, to have healthcare issues. It is absolutely no wonder that so many organizations and forces are lin-ing up in the United States to oppose this bill: The American Medical Association, the doctors, and all the different sub-groups of doctors, have written letters saying no to this repeal-and-replace. The American Hospital Association, not only urban hospitals and hospitals in medically underserved areas, rural hospitals could go under. The AARP, 35 million members strong, is absolutely dead set—they are running ads; some people may have seen them on television—against this legislation. The American Nurses Association, conservative think tanks are against it, and many Members of Congress are against it—and for good reason. One of our Republican Senators said to House Republicans: Don’t walk the plank. I would suggest they take that advice and vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
KEEPING PROMISES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.013 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2299 March 22, 2017 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is about keeping promises and being wor-thy of the American people’s trust. We, for the third time in American history, have unified Republican con-trol of the government: a Republican in the White House and Republican con-trol of the House of Representatives and of the Senate. In the last five cam-paigns, one out of every four ads was about health care, so it is our turn to lead. Here is what we know: ObamaCare today is failing. It is failing to meet the promises that were made that peo-ple could keep their doctor or keep their plan. It is failing to be affordable for those who see rising premiums, ris-ing deductibles, no choices, no health care at all, and limited access. As Republicans leading in this Cham-ber, we are on a rescue mission to save the American people from this disaster and to replace this law with something that works and gets us away from gov-ernment-centered health care and moves us to patient-centered health care, doctor-centered health care. You know, we believe in ownership societies where you ought to be able to own your own healthcare plan, own your own decisions about education and how you choose to prosper. Today, the Rules Committee is con-templating amendments that should excite conservatives with generational changes that will unlock the potential of this great country. State flexibility, for the first time, we really see the option for States like mine in Florida to step up and say we don’t want the Federal Government in-volved in health care anymore. We want to take control over those who are vulnerable in our communities, and we want to innovate and come up with solutions that meet those challenges. Work requirements, hardworking people in my district don’t understand why they go to work every day but too often they are paying for entitlements for people who are able-bodied, child-less, can work, and choose not to. That is wrong. We are going to take up, on this floor, legislation that I suspect will have a work requirement for able-bod-ied, childless adults for those States who choose to implement this bold con-servative reform. We also expect that there will be an end to the disaster of Medicaid expan-sion. Today in America, one out of every four people is on Medicaid. That is absolutely unsustainable. It means three of us have got to pay for the cost of our own health care and then a sub-stantial portion of the cost of someone else’s. By ending Medicaid expansion for nonexpansion States, we put the coun-try back on a path to prosperity—not government-centered health care, indi-vidual patient-centered health care where people can choose the plans that best meet their needs. If we do this, if we meet this chal-lenge with our historic opportunity to lead, then the American people will know that we are worthy of their trust. We are keeping our word, and we will repeal and replace health care. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 12 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Tom Smiley, Lakewood Baptist Church, Gainesville, Georgia, offered the following prayer: In the name that is above every name, in the name of the One by whom all things were created and by whom all things created are sustained, in the name of the One who was crucified for the sins of all people, raised on the third day, and who, upon His return, every knee will bow and every tongue confess is Lord, in the name of Jesus, my Savior and my Lord, today, I ask: Draw near unto thyself the heart of any in this body who still remain far from You. Give confidence and courage to all who govern from this House, to be unashamed of the Judeo-Christian ethic, which has led this Nation to prominence and prosperity above all other nations. And Father, remind all, who by faith trust You that Your love wants what is best for us, Your wisdom knows what is best for us, and Your power will accom-plish what is best for us. In Jesus’ name and God’s people. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. JEFFRIES led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING DR. TOM SMILEY The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Dr. Tom Smiley, whose compassion and char-acter have made him a true leader in Gainesville and northeast Georgia. Dr. Smiley grew up in Gumbranch, Georgia, where he received his call to preach. After graduating from Blue Mountain College in Mississippi, Pas-tor Tom attended Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary and Columbia Theological Seminary, where he ob-tained his doctorate in ministry, with an emphasis on marriage and family ministry. As senior pastor of Lakewood Baptist Church, Dr. Smiley has led the con-gregation—including my own family— for over 25 years. The vision for Lake-wood is to be a regional church that raises up fully devoted followers of Christ who are trained and equipped to love and reach lost people, locally and globally. In addition to his work at church, Pastor Tom has established himself as a successful writer, authoring three books: ‘‘Runaway Lives,’’ ‘‘Angels All Around,’’ and ‘‘Uncommon Common Sense.’’ Dr. Smiley is engaged with the Gainesville community at every level, and our neighbors have enjoyed his contributions as a Little League base-ball and basketball coach, as well as the work that he does at the commu-nity YMCA branch. Dr. Smiley is my pastor and friend, and in every aspect of his life, he leads with grace and devotion. I am proud to welcome him here to our Nation’s Cap-itol in Washington, D.C. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
OBAMACARE FAILED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare has failed the American people destroying jobs. All across South Carolina, premiums have skyrocketed, small-business jobs have been terminated, and our State is now down to a single insurance provider on the exchange. This is not what families were promised 7 years ago. With the American Health Care Act, House Republicans have delivered on the commitment to give Americans a healthcare system that increases choice, creates jobs, and puts the pa-tient back in control. This bill protects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\H22MR7.REC H22MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2300 March 22, 2017 
those with preexisting conditions, re-turns power to the States, allows young adults to remain on their par-ents’ insurance until they are 26, and increases consumer choice. This is a critical first step of three to repeal and replace ObamaCare. I am grateful that the American Health Care Act is supported by the NFIB, the Susan B. Anthony List, Americans for Tax Reform, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Taxpayers Union, the Institute for Lib-erty, the Small Business and Entrepre-neurship Council, and dozens of other advocates promoting creating jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
TRUMPCARE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans are planning to vote tomorrow to pass TrumpCare. This bill is a great deal for the superrich, it is a great deal for insur-ance companies, and it is a great deal for drug companies. But it is a bad deal for working men and women across our country. TrumpCare will raise premiums, in-crease deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses. TrumpCare ends coverage for 24 mil-lion people. TrumpCare destroys 2 million jobs. TrumpCare imposes an age tax on older Americans. And TrumpCare cuts Medicaid by $880 billion to give corporations and the wealthiest Americans a $600 billion tax cut—the single largest transfer of wealth from working people to the rich in history. This is wrong. The American people do not want this bill. They don’t want to pay more for less. Donald Trump promised that he would be a great champion for the mid-dle class. It only took him 2 months in office to break that promise and sell out to the wealthy and the special in-terests. Shame on him and shame on anyone who votes to take away health coverage from working men and women to fund a big tax cut for folks who don’t need it. The working people of this country deserve better. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT BRINGS MEDICAID ACCOUNT-ABILITY (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the American Health Care Act and, specifically, the critically im-portant reforms to Medicaid, in addi-tion to the other great reforms that will bring cost-effective health care to this country. For 50 years, Medicaid has been a blank check to the States with little accountability and rampant fraud. During my time in the North Carolina Senate, we found as much as 20 percent waste, fraud, and abuse in Medicaid. In response, I have worked with SAS, a major technology firm, to develop ac-countability and oversight. North Carolina is now a leader in Medicaid fraud recovery. Under the American Health Care Act, Medicaid replaces an open blank check with commonsense per capita or block grant allotments for each State. This incentivizes States to follow North Carolina’s lead and clean out the bad actors exploiting eligibility and the providers taking advantage of Medicaid at the expense of America’s most vul-nerable. Conservatives have championed these reforms for decades. Now is our oppor-tunity to bring accountability to Med-icaid. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this great reform. f 
UN-AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT TAKES US BACKWARD (Mr. HECK asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, let’s make this clear. The Un-American Health Care Act doesn’t just repeal advances with ObamaCare, it takes us backward to a point worse off than we were be-fore the Affordable Care Act. It guts Medicaid, and will fail to meet existing needs, hurting vulner-able children, pregnant women, people with disabilities, and seniors needing long-term care, hurting them all. It abandons Planned Parenthood services. Women with nowhere else to turn will lose access to critical services like pelvic exams and pap tests. I am here today speaking on behalf of single mom Sherry, cancer survivor Marty, star student Kelty, and little Gracie and her devoted grandmother Donna. We are all one voice saying we can-not afford to make the American healthcare system even worse than it was before ObamaCare. That is the path the un-American Health Care Act will carve. My friends, let’s not go down that path. Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, Republicans rushed their pay more for less healthcare bill through committees before CBO even had a chance to score it. And then, once they realized that 24 million people would lose coverage, they made late night ad-ditions just 2 days before the House is scheduled to vote. Americans’ health care is too impor-tant to be done on an artificial dead-line. It is too important for people in my district like Rachel. Rachel is a hairdresser in her midthirties, who was finally able to get health coverage for her husband and three children, thanks to the ACA. But under the Republican plan, their coverage will be replaced by tax credits that don’t even come close to meeting the healthcare costs for a family of five. And there are millions just like her struggling to make ends meet. Instead of abandoning people like Rachel to give tax breaks to the wealthiest few, I urge Republicans to do what even Trump promised—provide health insur-ance for everybody. That starts with rejecting this bill. f 
PAY MORE AND GET LESS WITH TRUMPCARE (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, under the Republican healthcare plan, TrumpCare, hardworking Americans will pay more and get less. Your pre-miums will increase. Your copays will increase. Your deductibles will in-crease. Your out-of-pocket costs will increase. But the quality of your health care will go down. Tens of millions of Americans under TrumpCare will also lose their entire health coverage. And under the Repub-lican healthcare plan, it will impose a draconian age tax on people between 50 and 64, some of whom will be forced to pay approximately $14,000 per year. Trump has said he is going to do health care in three phases. I have fi-nally figured it out. Phase one, disease. Phase two, disaster. Phase three, de-struction. Vote ‘‘no’’ against this reck-less plan. 
f 
HARDWORKING AMERICA NEEDS A TAX BREAK (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow House Republicans will perpetrate a careless financial as-sault on good, hardworking America in exchange for a massive payoff to greedy insurance executives and their cronies. Yes, this vote is rigged against the good. If you are 50 to 64 years old, you and your family get clobbered. More dough-nut holes, more premiums, and less health care. UnitedHealthcare, one of America’s largest private insurers, is today under investigation for defrauding the Medi-care program of billions of dollars. Your bill, in 17 words on page 67, re-wards UnitedHealthcare, their execu-tives and cronies, with a massive tax cut. UnitedHealthcare made $83 billion last year, and their CEO was com-pensated with $66 million. They don’t need a break. Hardworking America does. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2301 March 22, 2017 
Your bill also allows UnitedHealthcare to charge five times more for older Americans, and imposes a 30 percent unemployment tax on the unemployed, all going to more profits for them and less health care for Amer-ica. 
f 
STANDING AGAINST TRUMPCARE (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, during the last few weeks, my office has heard from literally hundreds of concerned Il-linoisans about TrumpCare. I have heard from a heart attack sur-vivor, whose prescription medication would go from affordable to $1,000 a day under this plan. I have heard from Americans ages 50 to 64—I happen to be in that group— who are worried about paying an age tax of five times more than others. Just in the last 24 hours, I have heard from two more groups that are stand-ing against TrumpCare. And, no, they are not partisan political groups. The first is the Illinois Health and Hospital Association, which represents more than 200 hospitals in the State of Illinois. They oppose TrumpCare be-cause it means taking health coverage away from hundreds of thousands of Il-linoisans, while killing the jobs of an-other 60,000 hardworking people in my State. The second group is the National Farmers Union. They understand that TrumpCare’s drastic cuts could force hundreds of rural hospitals to close their doors. So I am left wondering, who exactly supports TrumpCare? Instead of throw-ing 24 million Americans off their cov-erage, let’s work across the aisle to im-prove health care for all, not just the richest among us. 
f 
b1215 AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT IS BAD FOR NEW YORK HOSPITALS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, the GOP’s awful, ir-responsible healthcare bill will impose an age tax on older Americans, it will raise your premiums, and it will be ab-solutely disastrous to our Nation’s hos-pitals. In my district in New York, our hos-pitals serve millions of people every day, and their budgets are already stretched. The GOP healthcare bill will rip away health insurance for over 24 million Americans, forcing more people to get care in high-cost emergency rooms while, at the same time, cutting billions in Federal funding hospitals need to survive. New York’s hospitals will lose over $1 billion in 2018 alone. With uncompen-sated care already skyrocketing, the 27 New York hospitals that are already on a financial distress watch list tell me they may not even be able to survive. That is why the Greater New York Hos-pital Association, the Healthcare Asso-ciation of New York State, and other New York health groups are urging all of us to vote ‘‘no’’ on this terrible GOP bill. f 
OPPOSING THE GOP AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT REPEAL BILL (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I know that I am new to the House, but I was elected by my con-stituents to reach across the aisle and get things done. Sadly, instead of reaching across the aisle to work on commonsense fixes to the Affordable Care Act, some of my Republican colleagues have decided to push through a healthcare bill that, in-stead of increasing health coverage, ac-tually takes it away from more than 24 million people and imposes an age tax. In my State alone, this bill will cut Medicaid coverage for 60,000 individuals and result in a $170 million loss of Fed-eral funds at a time when my State is facing a major budget shortfall. Addi-tionally, almost 22,000 individuals in my State will lose access to employer- sponsored insurance, and more than 6,000 individuals who are currently re-ceiving coverage through our healthcare exchange will lose coverage as a result of this bill. Mr. Speaker, given its impact on our Nation’s working families and our most vulnerable citizens, I believe pas-sage of this bill would be an act of med-ical malpractice—pun intended. So I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1628. 
f 
WILL THOSE CHAMPIONING TRUMPCARE TRADE PLACES WITH THOSE WHOM IT HARMS (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, since the Republicans in Washington have not held a single public hearing on TrumpCare, I asked my constituents directly for feedback at a Maine healthcare townhall. Not one of the hundreds of constituents spoke in sup-port of the legislation. Instead, many said they will be among the millions of Americans who will lose their coverage under this bill. One of those voices was Ed Saxby of Cape Elizabeth, pictured on the board next to me. Ed stood beside his wife and granddaughter as he bravely spoke about his own battle with cancer. He said that the odds of survival are against him because TrumpCare will take away the tax credits he needs to afford healthcare coverage as a retiree living on a fixed income. Ed’s wife, Jill, asked me if those who are championing TrumpCare would be willing to trade places with those whom it will harm. I pose that question today to my Re-publican colleagues. If you can’t an-swer in the affirmative, you should not be voting for this terrible bill. f 
TRUMPCARE BENEFITS THE SUPERRICH (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, the GOP’s disastrous healthcare proposal is really just the largest transfer of wealth to the superrich in this Nation’s entire history. In fact, it gives the top 1 per-cent of earners a windfall of tax breaks and subsidies. The superrich are going to be able to buy a lot of things with this new money. It has been estimated they could buy: one Lamborghini, 26 Rolex watches, or 44 sets of Super Bowl tick-ets. Thanks to this tax cut, in effect, you are shifting wealth from Main Street to Mar-a-Lago, from middle America to Mar-a-Lago, from my district to Mar-a- Lago. Forty-four thousand people in my district in southern Nevada will lose their health insurance according to the Center for American Progress. Our President said, well, he didn’t know—not our President. He is not my President. Anyway, he said he didn’t know health care could be so com-plicated. Well, if you look at this bill, it is really not very complicated. It is quite simple: Premiums go up, benefits go down; deductibles go up, coverage goes down; prices go up, healthcare for women goes down. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FIREFIGHTERS AND FIRST RESPONDERS IN OVER-LAND PARK, KANSAS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on a recent eight- alarm fire in my district and to thank the firefighters and other first respond-ers for making sure that no one was se-riously hurt. The fire on Monday destroyed an apartment complex and 22 neighboring homes. Amazingly though, no one was killed or seriously injured. Three fire-fighters were treated for their injuries while fighting the fire, and we wish them a speedy recovery. It is a reminder of the risks that our first responders take every day, not knowing when they will have to answer the call, placing their lives on the line to protect us and our community. We pray for the families who are dis-placed right now, who came home from work on Monday to find their homes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.019 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2302 March 22, 2017 
gone. We also thank the Christ Lu-theran Church and many other commu-nity organizations and partners that have come together to assist these families who have lost so much so un-expectedly. Finally, Mr. Speaker, thank you to Overland Park Fire Department Chief Bryan Dehner and all of the fire-fighters in Kansas who came together to contain the largest fire in Overland Park history. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT MAKES US INSECURE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the American Health Care Act and the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act 7 years ago, in my district, the uninsured rate has dropped from 19 percent to 9 percent. In my district, there has been the creation and the funding of 6,500 jobs in local hospitals and rural healthcare clinics. Yet, despite this progress in my com-munity and across our country, the majority wants to replace the ACA with a quickly and carelessly crafted AHCA. If the AHCA becomes law, in my dis-trict, 56,000 people will lose their healthcare coverage. In Salinas, hard-working families will pay more than $3,000 for healthcare coverage; and in Santa Cruz, low-income senior citizens will be stripped of $10,000 worth of sub-sidies. Yes, the ACA does have its faults, but we should come together to thought-fully fix it. But it is not just about money; it is about people. And it is not just about people; it is about the secu-rity that the ACA provides people to live their daily lives. Mr. Speaker, the AHCA makes us in-secure, and that is why I am voting against it. 
f 
ACA AND THE STRONGER GENERATION (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, the President and I do agree on one thing: designing a healthcare system is complicated. But the effects of TrumpCare are as simple as they are devastating: 24 mil-lion hardworking Americans will lose their coverage; your healthcare costs and premiums will go up, and your cov-erage will go down; and for those of us between the ages of 50 and 64, we are about to be hit with an age tax just when we need coverage the most, just when we are trying to help with college tuition and save for our retirement. As we face an opiate crisis in this country that takes 120 American lives a day, TrumpCare will close the door on treatment for over 1 million Ameri-cans. Our President tells us that he is a dealmaker. This is the ultimate bad deal for the American people, and we should reject this bill. f 
STAND AS PATRIOTS AGAINST TRUMPCARE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this morning I came in contact with two mothers of two young boys who are homebound with catastrophic illnesses. My heart broke as I listened to them say: The only way that I survive to see their happy face and I can work is be-cause they have insurance through ex-tensive Medicaid. And so I come today to ask my friends on the other side of the aisle not to worry about threats about los-ing your office or your job. This is about patriotism and being an Amer-ican. Vote against this horrible TrumpCare debacle that will create higher cost, less coverage, and an age tax that will hurt the old and dev-astate the young. This is a time for the flag to be waved and for patriots to stand and to be heard across America. Vote down TrumpCare not for self and selfishness, but really to be able to stand with those who cannot help themselves. I wanted to embrace those mothers as a mother, as a grandmother, because we are giving life to those beautiful children, now 9 and 10, living because they got health care under the Afford-able Care Act. Stand as a patriot against TrumpCare. 
f 
WINNERS IN TRUMPCARE BILL (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I understand that major laws often have winners and losers. Unfortu-nately, I am struggling to figure out who wins under this healthcare plan. We have seen who stands to lose: 24 million fewer people will have insur-ance; States will lose billions, forcing painful cuts to education and other services; California, alone, will lose $6 billion in 2020 and much more in the years that follow; hospitals and clinics will have to cut back on services and investments. So, who are the winners? It is hard to find any, except, of course, for insur-ance companies and millionaires who will get almost all of the tax relief in-cluded in this package. Do Americans really think that we should pass a bill that cuts coverage in order to give millionaires an average tax cut of $49,000? We can do better. I hope we will. BEWARE OF TRUMPCARE (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I stand here with this simple expla-nation about what TrumpCare really means for Americans: You pay more for less care. Twenty-four million Americans will lose the access to health care by losing their insurance. It is an age tax on older Americans; and it guts Medicaid that not only goes to seniors now, it goes to young people as well, young families. But it is also a huge tax cut for mil-lionaires. If you look at TrumpCare, you real-ize the great supposed negotiator actu-ally has a great reputation of being the great bankrupter. What this TrumpCare will do: It will affect tens of millions of Americans, and it will put them into misery, take away the dignity of health care and put them in a place that no one should ever have to be: lacking the dignity of being able to see a doctor. This is going to send us back to the Dark Ages. You probably think I am exag-gerating, but when you look at these facts, you realize that is just the truth. These are the facts. Beware of what you are being sold. This is not going to help America. f 
b1230 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 22, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 22, 2017, at 9:12 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H.J. Res. 69. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 22, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.021 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2303 March 22, 2017 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 22, 2017, at 11:22 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 1228. That the Senate passed with amendment H.R. 244. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
TERRORIST AND FOREIGN FIGHT-ER TRAVEL EXERCISE ACT OF 2017 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1302) to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1302 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXERCISE ON TERRORIST AND FOREIGN FIGHTER TRAVEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In addition to, or as part of exercise programs currently carried out by the Department of Homeland Security, to enhance domestic preparedness for and col-lective response to terrorism, promote the dissemination of homeland security informa-tion, and test the security posture of the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Security, through appropriate offices and components of the Department and in co-ordination with the relevant Federal depart-ments and agencies, shall, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, develop and conduct an exercise related to the terrorist and foreign fighter threat. (b) E
XERCISE REQUIREMENTS .—The exercise required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a scenario involving— (A) persons traveling from the United States to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization abroad; and (B) terrorist infiltration into the United States, including United States citizens and foreign nationals; and (2) coordination with relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, foreign govern-ments, and State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector stakeholders. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the completion of the exercise required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Home-land Security shall, consistent with the pro-tection of classified information, submit an after-action report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate presenting the initial findings of such exercise, including any identified or po-tential vulnerabilities in United States de-fenses and any legislative changes requested in light of the findings. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. (d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘material support or resources’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2339A of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. EMERGING THREATS IN THE NATIONAL EXERCISE PROGRAM. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 648(b)(2) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748(b)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding after clause (vi) the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) designed, to the extent practicable, to include exercises addressing emerging ter-rorist threats, such as scenarios involving United States citizens departing the United States to enlist with or provide material support or resources to terrorist organiza-tions abroad or terrorist infiltration into the United States, including United States citi-zens and foreign nationals; and’’. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1302, the Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act. This legislation furthers the efforts that I and several of my colleagues on the House Homeland Security Com-mittee engaged in last Congress as members of the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. For 6 months, our task force investigated our security vulner-abilities and the threat posed by ISIS. Our work produced 32 key findings and over 50 recommendations to make Americans safer. In our findings, the task force found that the growing complexity and changing nature of the foreign fighter phenomenon may be creating unseen gaps in our defenses. Yet, it has been years since any large-scale stress test has been conducted on U.S. Govern-ment protection and prevention pro-grams against terrorist travel. The last major government exercise on terrorist travel occurred in 2009 when the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, or FEMA, conducted an exercise focused on the aftermath of a national terrorist event outside of the United States and how to prevent sub-sequent efforts by the terrorists to enter the United States and carry out additional attacks. The objective of the exercise was to determine how gov-ernment agencies at all levels would respond in such an environment. However, the threat environment has changed considerably and relying on information gathered during an exer-cise that took place nearly a decade ago is simply unacceptable and puts American lives at risk. The exercise conducted in 2009 also focused primarily on terrorists at-tempting to infiltrate the United States. However, our task force found that officials today should be just as concerned about Americans leaving the country to train overseas with ter-rorist groups as foreign fighters and then come back. The ability of these hardened fighters to return to the United States is a le-gitimate security threat to the home-land. Catching individuals who are looking to join the ranks and train with ISIS and other terrorist organiza-tions prior to their initial departure is equally important and should be a goal for law enforcement as well. As such, H.R. 1302 would require that the executive branch conduct an exer-cise to evaluate the Nation’s prepared-ness against all phases of foreign fight-er planning and travel. Carrying out such attacks would be beneficial in un-derstanding how partners at all levels of government and abroad are cur-rently responding to these scenarios. We must take decisive action to de-feat the threat of ISIS and other ter-rorist organizations. The findings of the exercise required by this legisla-tion will identify weaknesses at home and abroad that may be exploited by terrorists and foreign fighters, particu-larly to infiltrate the United States to conduct attacks. These findings will also be provided to Congress and Fed-eral law enforcement and intelligence officials to provide information on how we can best address these weaknesses. Passage of the Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act today rep-resents continued action by this body to fight against ISIS and ensure we keep Americans safe. I urge all Mem-bers to join me in supporting this com-monsense, bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 1302, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017.’’ This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.004 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2304 March 22, 2017 
legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 1302, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appre-ciate you working with us on the base text of the bill and request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 15, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1302, the ‘‘Ter-rorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017’’. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1302, the Ter-rorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Ex-ercise Act of 2017. Every day, communities across this country are confronted by evolving threats. Since the beginning of the year, we have seen a number of bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers. A year and a half ago, a 21- year-old White gunman hoping to start a race war opened fire at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina, killing nine of its parish-ioners. The year 2015 went on record as the year with most threats, reports of harassments, and vandalism against mosques in the United States. In light of the emboldened White na-tionalist, anti-Semitic, and antigovernment movements, as well as ongoing threats from abroad, we must ensure that our first responders are prepared to respond to the evolving threats to our great country. This bill will direct FEMA’s national exercise program to design scenarios that include emerging terrorist threats. To be clear, the legislation does not require FEMA’s national exer-cise program to focus exclusively on terrorist threats, but, rather, seeks to ensure that FEMA continues to de-velop exercises that are responsive to threats as they may emerge. The bill also requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to carry out ex-ercises related to terrorist threats do-mestically and abroad. H.R. 1302 was passed unanimously and approved by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month and the full House in the last Congress, in July 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1302 is common-sense legislation that will prepare first responders, as well as State and local government partners, for the chal-lenges that lie ahead. At this time, when first responder programs are slated for the chopping block under the administration’s budg-et blueprint, it is more important than ever that Congress stand together to support them. Exercises like the ones authorized under this legislation con-tribute to our preparedness. As such, I urge Members to support this bill once again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) on the Committee on Home-land Security for supporting this bill, and I urge the rest of my colleagues to support H.R. 1302. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security I rise in support of H.R. 1302, Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Ex-ercise Act of 2017 to require an exercise to terrorist and foreign fighter travel. This bipartisan bill would expand the scope of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s National Exercise Program by requiring additional scenarios to address emerging ter-rorist threats. Among the scenarios to be included are those involving U.S. citizens enlisting with or providing support to terrorists organizations abroad, as well as terrorist infiltration in the United States. A nationwide exercise would be held within a year of enactment to evaluate the threat of individuals traveling from the United States to join a terrorist organization. The exercise would also test scenarios in-volving terrorist infiltration into the U.S. by United States citizens and foreign nationals. DHS would coordinate with other federal de-partments, foreign governments, state and local governments, and the private sector to conduct the exercise. The growing complexity of the threat may be creating unseen gaps in our defenses, yet it has been years since any large-scale ‘‘stress test’’ has been conducted against ter-rorist travel. Federal officials suspect that Todd Wolfe, an American citizen from Texas, planned to fly his family to Europe where he would meet up with an ISIS handler and take them all to Syria. In March of 2014, Hanad Abdullahi Mohallim, an American from Minnesota, en-tered Syria at Tel Abyad and recruited other fellow Somali-Americans in Minnesota to leave the United States and join ISIS. Also in 2014, Abdi Nur left the U.S. for Syria to join ISIS. He was later reported to have at-tempted to recruit other men here in the U.S. to join the terrorist organization. We need to be gravely concerned about Americans leaving the country to train over-seas with terrorist organizations who then re-turn to the United States as foreign fighters. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1302. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1302. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1238) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to make the Assist-ant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for co-ordinating the efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1238 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COORDINATION OF FOOD, AGRICULTURE, AND VETERINARY DEFENSE AGAINST TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 528. COORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY EFFORTS RE-LATED TO FOOD, AGRICULTURE, AND VETERINARY DEFENSE AGAINST TERRORISM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.007 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2305 March 22, 2017 
Health Affairs, shall carry out a program to coordinate the Department’s efforts related to defending the food, agriculture, and vet-erinary systems of the United States against terrorism and other high-consequence events that pose a high risk to homeland security. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The coordina-tion program required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(1) Providing oversight and management of the Department’s responsibilities pursu-ant to Homeland Security Presidential Di-rective 9–Defense of United States Agri-culture and Food. ‘‘(2) Providing oversight and integration of the Department’s activities related to vet-erinary public health, food defense, and agri-cultural security. ‘‘(3) Leading the Department’s policy ini-tiatives relating to food, animal, and agri-cultural incidents, and the impact of such in-cidents on animal and public health. ‘‘(4) Leading the Department’s policy ini-tiatives relating to overall domestic pre-paredness for and collective response to agri-cultural terrorism. ‘‘(5) Coordinating with other Department components, including U.S. Customs and Border Protection, as appropriate, on activi-ties related to food and agriculture security and screening procedures for domestic and imported products. ‘‘(6) Coordinating with appropriate Federal departments and agencies. ‘‘(7) Other activities as determined nec-essary by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering or superseding the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture relating to food and agri-culture.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 527 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 528. Coordination of Department of Homeland Security efforts re-lated to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against ter-rorism.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1238, the Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, introduced by Congressman D
AVID Y
OUNG of Iowa. This bill seeks to au-thorize the Department of Homeland Security’s food, agriculture, and vet-erinary defense program within the Of-fice of Health Affairs. Last year, the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a hearing to examine the potential devastating im-pacts of an intentional attack on, or a natural disruption of, U.S. agricultural or food production systems. The food and agriculture sector is critically important to our Nation’s economy. U.S. food and agriculture ac-counts for roughly one-fifth of the Na-tion’s economic activity, and contrib-uted $835 billion to the U.S. gross do-mestic product in 2014, and is respon-sible for 1 out of every 12 U.S. jobs. Coming from Iowa and as a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Congressman YOUNG of Iowa knows all too well the importance of protecting this sector, which is vital to the economy and our way of life. I appreciate him introducing this bill of which I am pleased to be an original cosponsor. I thank Chairman W
ALDEN of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and Chairman C
ONAWAY of the Agriculture Committee for working with us to ad-vance this bill. Mr. Speaker, we also look forward to working with our Senate colleagues, who recently approved companion leg-islation without amendment in the Senate Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee. This bipartisan legislation passed the House last September by voice vote, and I urge all Members to join me once again in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, March 16, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write in regard to H.R. 1238, Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, which was referred in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee on Energy and Commerce takes this action with our mutual under-standing that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1238, the Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation and will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward to address any remaining issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1238 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s report on the legislation or the Congressional Record during its con-sideration on the House floor. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 16, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1238, the ‘‘Secur-ing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report or in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 1238, ‘‘Secur-ing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Homeland Security, while the Agriculture Committee received an addi-tional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 1238 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1238, the ‘‘Secur-ing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Agriculture will forego consider-ation of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Agriculture does not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.006 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2306 March 22, 2017 
waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port a request by the Committee on Agri-culture for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1238, the Se-curing our Agriculture and Food Act. Mr. Speaker, U.S. agriculture and ag-riculture-related business represents about 6 percent of our gross domestic product as of 2014. Protecting this in-dustry, which contributes $985 billion to our economy, from international and naturally occurring biological events is critical not only to the sta-bility of our national economy, but also to the security of our national food supply and our human health. This bill would clarify the respon-sibilities of the Department of Home-land Security’s Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs as they relate to the DHS’ responsibilities under the Home-land Security Presidential Directive 9, entitled: ‘‘The Defense of U.S. Agri-culture and Food.’’ The bill includes language offered by Representative D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr., my colleague on the committee, directing the Assistant Secretary for Health Af-fairs to coordinate with all depart-mental components with responsibil-ities related to food and agriculture se-curity and screening procedures. Such coordination will include Customs and Border Protection, which has histori-cally struggled to maintain agriculture inspection staffing levels at ports of entry. Mr. Speaker, agriculture and agri-culture-related businesses constitute a major portion of California’s economy. Agriculture plays an integral role in industries ranging from transportation and warehousing to finance and insur-ance, to accommodation and food serv-ices. b1245 The cascading effects of national and international outbreaks compromise agriculture, food, and could have dev-astating effects on the State’s econ-omy. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill to ensure the integrity of our agriculture industry and food supply. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the sub-committee for shepherding this through the committee as well as being a cosponsor. I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, in 2015, our Nation ex-perienced the worst animal disease out-break in our history, as highly patho-genic avian influenza wreaked havoc on turkey farmers and egg producers in the Midwest. This naturally occurring outbreak revealed significant vulnerabilities and coordination challenges between Fed-eral, State, and local stakeholders in responding quickly to prevent the spread of avian influenza. It also demonstrated the importance of having mitigation and response strategies and processes in place to en-sure any naturally occurring outbreak or coordinated attack against our Na-tion’s agricultural sector can be pre-vented quickly and be contained. Maintaining the integrity of our ag-ricultural and food supply system is imperative. The folks I talked to have great concerns about the safety and se-curity of our homeland and our people, and their concerns are warranted. The reality of living in this day and age is that it is just not the big cities that have to be prepared for a terror attack. All counterterrorism measures must reflect a universal understanding of potential vulnerabilities, which in-cludes our agriculture and rural com-munities. Farming and agriculture are not only the backbone of the Iowa economy, but of the entire Nation. Any attack on our food supply could have devastating consequences on our economy and our communities. It is essential that we take the proper steps against potential threats. Now, the reality is agroterrorism and other high-risk events pose serious threats to our food, agriculture, and livestock industries across the United States. For that reason, I introduced, in a bipartisan fashion, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act together with Congressman DANDONOVAN and Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr., the chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, to ensure our Nation has a plan and strategy to pre-pare for and respond to any high-risk event threatening our agricultural sec-tor, our food supply, and, ultimately, our people. The Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act requires the Secretary of Homeland Security, through the As-sistant Secretary for Health Affairs, to lead the government’s efforts to secure our Nation’s food, agriculture, and our veterinary systems against terrorism and high-risk events. This bipartisan bill also authorizes the Secretary to collaborate with other agencies to ensure food, agriculture, and animal and human health sectors receive the attention and are inte-grated into the DHS’ domestic pre-paredness policy initiatives. I appreciate the support of Sub-committee Chairman Donovan—thank you—and Ranking Member P
AYNE as we work to better secure our agri-culture and food sectors. I thank you both for elevating the importance of this issue. I also want to thank the chairman and ranking members of the full com-mittee and all their staff for their as-sistance in bringing this bill to the floor today in the House. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Securing Our Agri-culture and Food Act passed the House in September of 2016, and the Senate companion bill was reported out of committee last week. Passage of this measure will send a strong message about our commitment to protecting our Nation’s food and ag-ricultural sectors. As such, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1238. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume, and I once again urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 1238. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1238, ‘‘Securing Our Agri-culture and Food Act.’’ This bipartisan bill amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Af-fairs responsible for coordinating the efforts for the DHS related to food, agriculture, and vet-erinary defense against terrorism. The coordination program under the meas-ure would include: 1. Overseeing and managing DHS’s respon-sibilities under the presidential directive; 2. Integrating activities related to veterinary public health, food and agriculture security; 3. Leading the department’s policy initiatives relating to food, animal, and agriculture inci-dents, as well as domestic preparedness for and collective response to agricultural ter-rorism; and 4. Coordinating with other parts of the fed-eral government. Agro-terrorism is defined as the deliberate introduction of an animal or plant disease for the purpose of generating fear, causing eco-nomic losses, or undermining social stability. Killing livestock and plants or contaminating food can help terrorists cause economic crises in the agriculture and food industries. Agriculture comprises the largest single sec-tor in U.S. economy, making agro-terrorism an attractive opportunity for many terrorist organi-zations. Attacks directed against the cattle, pork, or poultry industries or via the food chain pose the most serious danger for latent, ongoing ef-fects and general socioeconomic and political disruption. Food availability becomes a matter of imme-diate life and death in such circumstances, and significant national and global resources need to be dedicated to emergency relief ef-forts. Any attacks of agro-terrorism would be par-ticularly devastating for the citizens of Texas. In Texas, the largest source of agricultural revenue comes from the sale of beef cattle. Texas produces roughly 20 percent of the nation’s cattle and ranks first in the country in the value of cattle raised. It is crucial that we have preparedness poli-cies in place to quickly respond to events 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.009 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2307 March 22, 2017 
threatening U.S. agriculture or food production systems. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1238. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support to H.R. 1238, the Se-curing Our Agriculture and Food Act of 2017. Our nation’s agricultural sector comprises a substantial portion of our economy. In my home state of Georgia, eggs, beef, poultry, peanuts, onions, and many other agricultural commodities allow for agriculture to be an al-most $14 billion industry. Furthermore, the food and fiber industry directly and indirectly results in a total economic impact of tens of billions of dollars annually and the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs in Georgia. Moreover, agricultural industries serve as a vital backbone to the nutrition and nourish-ment of both America’s citizens and con-sumers abroad. Naturally, an industry as critical to the United States’ stability as the country’s food production must not be compromised by threats of sabotage or acts of terrorism. Passing this bill will amend portions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (HSA) to allow the Department of Homeland Security to better protect America’s agricultural sector. The reor-ganization of DHS resources outlined in this bill ensure that proper oversight and manage-ment of our nation’s agriculture necessary to prevent a devastating attack on our agricul-tural sector. The level of bipartisan cooperation and sup-port for the Securing our Agricultural and Food Act reflects the importance of this bill to secu-rity and economic interests of American’s citi-zens. The security of our nation’s food sup-plies is not an issue defined by political party, nor is the concern only relevant to rural popu-lations. All American’s will suffer if we are un-able to ensure the safety of the country’s agri-cultural sector. This bill provides security to a fundamental and often. overlooked area of our economy and existence. We as lawmakers must ensure the preparedness of our Federal government to react to events of ecological sabotage and terrorism. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote YES on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1238. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY ACQUISITION INNOVA-TION ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1365) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require certain ac-quisition innovation, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1365 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innova-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ACQUISITION INNOVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 710. ACQUISITION INNOVATION. 
‘‘The Under Secretary for Management may— ‘‘(1) designate an individual within the De-partment to manage acquisition innovation efforts of the Department; ‘‘(2) test emerging acquisition best prac-tices to carrying out acquisitions, consistent with the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Department acquisition management direc-tives, as appropriate; ‘‘(3) develop and distribute best practices and lessons learned regarding acquisition in-novation throughout the Department; ‘‘(4) establish metrics to measure the effec-tiveness of acquisition innovation efforts with respect to cost, operational efficiency of the acquisition program (including time-frame for executing contracts), and collabo-ration with the private sector, including small businesses; and ‘‘(5) determine impacts of acquisition inno-vation efforts on the private sector by— ‘‘(A) engaging with the private sector, in-cluding small businesses, to provide informa-tion and obtain feedback on procurement practices and acquisition innovation efforts of the Department; ‘‘(B) obtaining feedback from the private sector on the impact of acquisition innova-tion efforts of the Department; and ‘‘(C) incorporating such feedback, as appro-priate, into future acquisition innovation ef-forts of the Department.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 710. Acquisition innovation.’’. (c) I
NFORMATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits the annual budg-et justification for the Department of Home-land Security for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Secretary shall, if appro-priate, provide information to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate on the activities under-taken in the previous fiscal year in further-ance of section 710 of the Homeland Security Act, as added by subsection (a) of this Act, on the following: (1) Emerging acquisition best practices that were tested within the Department dur-ing such year. (2) Efforts to distribute best practices and lessons learned within the Department, in-cluding through web-based seminars, train-ing, and forums, during such year. (3) Utilization by components throughout the Department of best practices distributed by the Under Secretary of Management pur-suant to paragraph (3) of such section 710. (4) Performance as measured by the metrics established under paragraph (4) of such section 710. (5) Outcomes of efforts to distribute best practices and lessons learned within the De-partment, including through web-based sem-inars, training, and forums. (6) Any impacts of the utilization of inno-vative acquisition mechanisms by the De-partment on the private sector, including small businesses. (7) The criteria used to identify specific ac-quisition programs or activities to be in-cluded in acquisition innovation efforts and the outcomes of such programs or activities. (8) Recommendations, as necessary, to en-hance acquisition innovation in the Depart-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1365, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Acquisition Innovation Act. The bill allows DHS to designate a senior official to manage acquisition innovation efforts; test, develop, and distribute acquisition best practices throughout the Department; and estab-lish performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts. Re-publican amendments at the com-mittee markup strengthened the un-derlying bill by encouraging DHS to obtain feedback from the private sec-tor and incorporate this feedback into future efforts. As we have seen from numerous watchdog reports, the Federal Govern-ment’s acquisition and contracting process is broken, cumbersome, and bu-reaucratic. DHS must continue to in-novate to ensure the private sector can best support our critical homeland se-curity needs. The Department has re-cently taken positive steps in using new contracting tools and collabo-rating with industry. This legislation supports those efforts and encourages their continued use. I commend Oversight and Manage-ment Efficiency Subcommittee Rank-ing Member C
ORREA for all of his hard work on this legislation. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1365, the De-partment of Homeland Security Acqui-sition Innovation Act. When the Department of Homeland Security was established in 2002, it was understood that the mission of safe-guarding the American people would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.031 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2308 March 22, 2017 
a complex one. Today, 15 years later, the ever-changing nature of the ter-rorist threat and its landscape has de-manded that DHS be more innovative. In the past 3 years, the Department has actively worked to carry out its pro-curement process in new and innova-tive ways. The Acquisition Innovations in Mo-tion program, launched in 2015, is a framework for coordinated industry en-gagement in which opportunities, chal-lenges, and strategies are discussed to identify acquisition solutions and fos-ter greater efficiency and effectiveness. A key component of this program is a Procurement Innovation Lab called PIL. PIL is a virtual testing environ-ment that experiments with innovative techniques to assess whether they can be effectively integrated into DHS’ procurement process. To date, PIL is credited with reducing award times, the integration of existing flexibilities that are in use in other portions of the Federal Government, and improved ac-quisition training. Results, case studies, and lessons learned from the PIL process are regu-larly shared throughout DHS through webinars and the internal web portal. These activities facilitate a continuous learning culture that enhances the DHS mission of support. I introduced this bill, H.R. 1365, to in-stitutionalize DHS’ acquisition innova-tion efforts by authorizing such activ-ity by the Under Secretary of Manage-ment. Specifically, my legislation au-thorizes robust testing, development, and distribution of best practices and acquisitions throughout the Depart-ment, as well as performance metrics to measure the effectiveness of such ef-forts. Enactment of this bill will help en-sure that this successful acquisition management technique continues. This bill was unanimously approved by the Committee on Homeland Security ear-lier this month. Mr. Speaker, DHS’ approach to ac-quisitions not only accommodates the Department’s unique mission, but it supports our responsibility to the man-agement of taxpayer dollars. This bill codifies a pathway to devel-oping and implementing innovative ap-proaches that serve the Department’s acquisition challenges through collabo-ration and efficiency. To that end, it is vital that DHS continue to drive to-wards a more effective procurement process in support of its vital mission. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 1365, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1365, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate on H.R. 1365: 
MARCH 22, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1365, the Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, KEITH HALL. Enclosure. H.R. 1365 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
ACQUISITION INNOVATION ACT  As ordered reported by the House Committee on Homeland Security on March 8, 2017 H.R. 1365 would authorize the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to promote the use of innovation in its acquisition pro-grams. The legislation would direct DHS to provide information annually to the Con-gress on activities related to innovative ac-quisition practices. Based on information from DHS, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 1365 would cost less than $500,000 annu-ally; such spending would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting the legislation would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay- as-you-go procedures do not apply. CBO esti-mates that enacting H.R. 1365 would not in-crease net direct spending or on-budget defi-cits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1365 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or trib-al governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 1365, the ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Acquisition In-novation Act’’ which authorizes the DHS to ex-pand the use of acquisition innovation. This bipartisan bill will guarantee new acqui-sition methods and practices are considered to ensure taxpayers get the most for their money. This bill would permit DHS’s undersecretary for management to: 1. Designate an official to manage acquisi-tion innovation; 2. Test and develop best practices that are consistent with acquisition rules and directives; 3. Measure how innovation in acquisition processes have affected cost, operational effi-ciency, the timeframe for executing contracts, and collaboration with small businesses and other private-sector companies; and 4. Obtain and incorporate feedback from the private sector. From fiscal 2018 through 2022, DHS would provide Congress with information on acquisi-tion innovation activities during the previous fiscal year, including: 1. Best practices that were tested, used and distributed, including through web-based semi-nars, trainings and forums; 2. Effects on the private sector, including small businesses; 3. Criteria to indemnify acquisition programs that would be appropriate for innovation; and 4. Recommendations for enhancing innova-tion at DHS. Innovation is the American way and this bill makes sure the Department of Homeland Se-curity finds new ways to do its job effectively and efficiently. At the Tenth Annual Border Security Expo in Texas, officials from the Department of Home-land Security observed some of the latest in-novations that can help to protect our border. This included 3D holographic images, portable biometric testing kits, and underground seis-mic signal detectors. In Texas, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion agents deter, detect, and interdict smug-gling along the Texas/Mexico border through the deployment of an integrated network of detection and communication technologies. In 2016, the Texas of Department of Public Safety provided direct assistance to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection in the arrest of over 37,000 criminals deemed a high threat risk. Frontline personnel securing our borders, protecting our airports, and defending our shores must have the tools to successfully ac-complish their mission. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1365. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1365, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
b1300 RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I have a privileged resolution at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: Whereas, in the United States’ sys-tem of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the execu-tive branch of government to the high-est standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax His-tory Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax re-turn information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an im-portant baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive infor-mation including whether the can-didate can be influenced by foreign en-tities and reveal any conflicts of inter-est; Whereas, Article I, section 9 of the Constitution states that no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of Congress, accept any present, emolu-ment, Office or Title, of any kind what-ever from any King, Prince, or foreign State; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.033 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2309 March 22, 2017 
Whereas, disclosure of the Presi-dent’s tax returns is important towards investigating Russian influence in the 2016 election, understanding the Presi-dent’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, in-cluding debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, eq-uity interests, joint ventures, or licens-ing agreements with Russia or Russian nationals, formally or informally asso-ciated with Vladmir Putin; Whereas, The New York Times has reported that President Trump’s close senior advisers, including Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and Gen-eral Michael Flynn, have been under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for their ties to the Rus-sian Federation; Whereas, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian media outlet, on November 10, 2016, that ‘‘there were contacts’’ with Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, and it has been reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle were in contact with senior Russian officials throughout the 2016 campaign; Whereas, General Michael Flynn, former national security adviser of President Trump, received almost $68,000 in fees and expenses from Rus-sian entities in 2015, including by an entity recognized by U.S. intelligence agencies as an arm of the Russian Gov-ernment; Whereas, FBI Director Comey stated in the Select Intelligence Committee hearing on the Russian interference with the November 2016 election that ‘‘there is no information to support those tweets,’’ relating to President Trump’s allegations that President Obama illegally wiretapped the Trump campaign; Whereas, distracting investigators with dead-end leads and outrageous statements is a common tactic from those with a guilty conscience or in a deliberate effort to throw off investiga-tors; Whereas, according to his 2016 can-didate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 fi-nancial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, according to The Wash-ington Post, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, DC, has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to gen-erate high-priced business among for-eign leaders and diplomatic delega-tions; Whereas, the chairman on the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, and Senate Fi-nance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Ways and Means Com-mittee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax in-formation of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international af-fairs, tax reform, government con-tracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it resolved that the House of Representatives shall: One, immediately request the tax re-turn information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for re-view in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as pro-vided under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives; Two, support transparency in govern-ment and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from Colorado wish to present argument on the parliamen-tary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? Mr. POLIS. Yes, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado is recognized. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House and those affecting the rights of the House, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings, that is the section we are talking about here today when we are talking about privilege. Mr. Speaker, truly, there is nothing more of a threat to the very integrity of the legislative branch in the House than ignoring our duty to provide a check and balance on the executive branch. To restore the dignity of the House inherent in rule IX, clause 1, we abso-lutely must use our authority to re-quest that President Trump’s tax re-turns are given to the American peo-ple. The American people demand to know the full scope of the President’s financial background because there are legitimate concerns which, frankly, were worsened this very week by the hearing in the Select Intelligence Com-mittee where the FBI and NSA testi-fied there is an ongoing investigation to determine if there was coordination between the President’s campaign and Russia. The Internal Revenue Code already has language that lays out a path for the Ways and Means Committee to ob-tain those tax returns and review them in a respectful manner; and, frankly, there is precedent for that provision being used. Fifty-one tax returns of Americans were requested the last time they used it. The House needs to demonstrate that our Members are listening to the valid concerns about the integrity of the Re-public. The House needs to show that we care about protecting our Constitu-tion and our system of checks and bal-ances. When I look at the language, the privileges of the House, those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings, I can see nothing that fits that language more than this motion before you today. Let’s shine a light on the President’s conflicts so we, as a Congress, and the American people can judge what is oc-curring, where the conflicts lie, wheth-er his decisions are being made for himself or his business interests or for-eign interests or for the greater good of the American people. I call upon the Speaker to rule in favor of allowing this privileged resolu-tion to move forward and for the Presi-dent to disclose his tax returns imme-diately. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the question of order? Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey is recognized. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House are those af-fecting the rights of the House collec-tively, its safety, dignity, and the in-tegrity of its proceedings. Congres-sional oversight is a power granted by the Constitution in public law and in House rules. Mr. Speaker, just 2 days ago, FBI Di-rector James Comey confirmed that there was an investigation of Donald Trump’s campaign’s ties to the Russian agents. We know that, following six bank-ruptcies, Donald Trump had trouble getting loans and financing for his real estate businesses. We know that Ger-man Bank Deutsche stepped in when Wall Street stopped lending, giving at least $300 million in loans for those properties and, more personally, to his daughter, Ivanka, and son-in-law. We know that Deutsche Bank has been fined for criminally transferring $10 billion out of Russia. We also know that Donald Trump, Jr. said that the Trump organization saw money ‘‘pour-ing in from Russia’’ and that ‘‘Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.’’ We know that Donald Trump repeat-edly attempted to secure trademarks in Russia—the record is the record—to develop real estate in Russia—the record is the record—and to sell prod-ucts in Russia—the record is the record. We have seen how just two pages summarizing the President’s 2005 tax returns, which many laughed off, showed that he paid a low rate of 25 percent. He has proposed tax changes that would significantly lower his own personal tax bill. We need to see how the President—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will suspend. The gentleman’s remarks must be confined to the question of order. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, noth-ing could be more of a threat to the in-tegrity of this House than ignoring our duty to fully examine the personal fi-nancial entanglements any President, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.011 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2310 March 22, 2017 
and this President, may have had with Russian entities and individuals. If and when such conflicts are revealed, I do not want to say to our constituents that we had the power to review these conflicts, but, instead, we sat on our hands and did nothing. I, for one, do not want my integrity or the integrity of my colleagues in this body on both sides of the aisle to be demeaned by such a shameful failure. To restore the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to request President Trump’s tax returns to give the American people—the 75 percent who say ‘‘give it up,’’—75 percent of the American people, the transparency they deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman’s remarks must be confined to the question of order. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from Tennessee wish to be heard on the question of order? Mr. COHEN. Yes, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Tennessee is recognized. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. P
ASCRELL have made the point, and it is the same point I want to make. There is a shadow hanging over the United States of America, over our government, and over this House; and only we can lift it. The Trump campaign said that if Hil-lary Clinton was the President with a Federal investigation overlooking her, which it looked like there was with Mr. Comey’s comments before the election, that it would be unheard of, unprece-dented, and the Government couldn’t go on. Well, there is a Federal investigation of the present President of the United States—something that has never hap-pened before—and that has put a dark cloud that can only be lifted by show-ing in the light of day what the Presi-dent’s involvements were with his in-come taxes, whom he owes money to. And if he doesn’t owe money to people that have a conflict, that is good for the government because it relieves the President of any suspicion. Like Caesar’s wife, he should be be-yond suspicion and beyond reproach, and, right now, there is a serious cloud. So I would ask the Chair to rule in favor of this motion so we can do our job to make the light shine on this gov-ernment and on this House and give more respect for us. I thank the Speaker who is an honor-able man and I am proud to say is my friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the question of order? 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. POLIS. Point of parliamentary inquiry, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, how many Members must come before the Speak-er establishing that this qualifies under the privileges of the House af-fecting the integrity of the House until the Speaker rules in our favor? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the Chair will rule favorably on behalf of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado seeks to offer a resolution as a question of the privi-leges of the House under rule IX. As the Chair ruled on February 27, 2017; March 7, 2017; and March 15, 2017, the resolution directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and con-sider an item of business under the pro-cedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103 and, therefore, does not qualify as a ques-tion of the privileges of the House. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? MOTION TO TABLE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Cheney moves that the appeal be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to lay the appeal on the table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to lay the appeal on the table will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to re-commit on H.R. 372 and passage of H.R. 372, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 189, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 182] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.036 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2311 March 22, 2017 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Sanford 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bishop (UT) Blackburn King (IA) Payne Rush Shuster Sinema Slaughter Tsongas 
b1336 Mr. CRIST changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. HUNTER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE REFORM ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 372) to restore the application of the Fed-eral antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competi-tion and consumers, offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 189, nays 233, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 183] YEAS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
King (IA) Maloney, Carolyn B. Payne Rush Sinema Slaughter Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1345 Mr. KING of New York changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. M
CEACHIN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 416, noes 7, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 184] AYES—416 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.013 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2312 March 22, 2017 
Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—7 
Fudge Gallego Hastings Heck Smith (WA) Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—6 
King (IA) Payne Rush Sinema Slaughter Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1352 Ms. ESHOO changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 184 on H.R. 372, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘nay’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I cast a vote in error. On the rollcall Vote No. 184, I had in-tended to vote in the follow manner: rollcall Vote No. 184—Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017—‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH FAIRNESS ACT OF 2017 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 210, I call up the bill (H.R. 1101) to amend title I of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small businesses with respect to medical care for their employees, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 210, in lieu of the amendment recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–9 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1101 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Rules governing association health plans. Sec. 3. Clarification of treatment of single em-ployer arrangements. Sec. 4. Enforcement provisions relating to as-sociation health plans. Sec. 5. Cooperation between Federal and State authorities. Sec. 6. Effective date and transitional and other rules. SEC. 2. RULES GOVERNING ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by adding after part 7 the fol-lowing new part: ‘‘PART 8—RULES GOVERNING ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS 
‘‘SEC. 801. ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘association health plan’ means a group health plan whose sponsor is (or is deemed under this part to be) described in sub-section (b). ‘‘(b) S
PONSORSHIP .—The sponsor of a group health plan is described in this subsection if such sponsor— ‘‘(1) is organized and maintained in good faith, with a constitution and bylaws specifi-cally stating its purpose and providing for peri-odic meetings on at least an annual basis, as a bona fide trade association, a bona fide industry association (including a rural electric coopera-tive association or a rural telephone cooperative association), a bona fide professional associa-tion, or a bona fide chamber of commerce (or similar bona fide business association, including a corporation or similar organization that oper-ates on a cooperative basis (within the meaning of section 1381 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)), for substantial purposes other than that of obtaining or providing medical care; ‘‘(2) is established as a permanent entity which receives the active support of its members and requires for membership payment on a peri-odic basis of dues or payments necessary to maintain eligibility for membership in the spon-sor; and ‘‘(3) does not condition membership, such dues or payments, or coverage under the plan on the basis of health status-related factors with re-spect to the employees of its members (or affili-ated members), or the dependents of such em-ployees, and does not condition such dues or payments on the basis of group health plan par-ticipation. Any sponsor consisting of an association of enti-ties which meet the requirements of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) shall be deemed to be a sponsor described in this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 802. CERTIFICATION OF ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The applicable authority shall prescribe by regulation a procedure under which, subject to subsection (b), the applicable authority shall certify association health plans which apply for certification as meeting the re-quirements of this part. ‘‘(b) S
TANDARDS .—Under the procedure pre-scribed pursuant to subsection (a), in the case of an association health plan that provides at least one benefit option which does not consist of health insurance coverage, the applicable au-thority shall certify such plan as meeting the re-quirements of this part only if the applicable authority is satisfied that the applicable re-quirements of this part are met (or, upon the date on which the plan is to commence oper-ations, will be met) with respect to the plan. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFIED  P
LANS.—An association health plan with respect to which certification under this part is in effect shall meet the applicable requirements of this part, effective on the date of certification (or, if later, on the date on which the plan is to com-mence operations). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.015 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2313 March 22, 2017 
‘‘(d) R EQUIREMENTS FOR CONTINUED CERTIFI -
CATION .—The applicable authority may provide by regulation for continued certification of asso-ciation health plans under this part. ‘‘(e) C
LASS CERTIFICATION FOR FULLY INSURED  P
LANS.—The applicable authority shall estab-lish a class certification procedure for associa-tion health plans under which all benefits con-sist of health insurance coverage. Under such procedure, the applicable authority shall pro-vide for the granting of certification under this part to the plans in each class of such associa-tion health plans upon appropriate filing under such procedure in connection with plans in such class and payment of the prescribed fee under section 807(a). ‘‘(f) C
ERTIFICATION OF SELF-INSURED ASSOCIA -
TION HEALTH PLANS.—An association health plan which offers one or more benefit options which do not consist of health insurance cov-erage may be certified under this part only if such plan consists of any of the following: ‘‘(1) A plan which offered such coverage on the date of the enactment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. ‘‘(2) A plan under which the sponsor does not restrict membership to one or more trades and businesses or industries and whose eligible par-ticipating employers represent a broad cross-sec-tion of trades and businesses or industries. ‘‘(3) A plan whose eligible participating em-ployers represent one or more trades or busi-nesses, or one or more industries, consisting of any of the following: agriculture; equipment and automobile dealerships; barbering and cos-metology; certified public accounting practices; child care; construction; dance, theatrical and orchestra productions; disinfecting and pest control; financial services; fishing; food service establishments; hospitals; labor organizations; logging; manufacturing (metals); mining; med-ical and dental practices; medical laboratories; professional consulting services; sanitary serv-ices; transportation (local and freight); warehousing; wholesaling/distributing; or any other trade or business or industry which has been indicated as having average or above-aver-age risk or health claims experience by reason of State rate filings, denials of coverage, proposed premium rate levels, or other means dem-onstrated by such plan in accordance with regu-lations. 
‘‘SEC. 803. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO SPON-SORS AND BOARDS OF TRUSTEES. 
‘‘(a) S PONSOR .—The requirements of this sub-section are met with respect to an association health plan if the sponsor has met (or is deemed under this part to have met) the requirements of section 801(b) for a continuous period of not less than 3 years ending with the date of the appli-cation for certification under this part. ‘‘(b) B
OARD OF TRUSTEES .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to an as-sociation health plan if the following require-ments are met: ‘‘(1) F
ISCAL CONTROL .—The plan is operated, pursuant to a trust agreement, by a board of trustees which has complete fiscal control over the plan and which is responsible for all oper-ations of the plan. ‘‘(2) R
ULES OF OPERATION AND FINANCIAL CON -
TROLS .—The board of trustees has in effect rules of operation and financial controls, based on a 3-year plan of operation, adequate to carry out the terms of the plan and to meet all require-ments of this title applicable to the plan. ‘‘(3) R
ULES GOVERNING RELATIONSHIP TO PAR -
TICIPATING EMPLOYERS AND TO CONTRACTORS .— ‘‘(A) B
OARD MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), the members of the board of trustees are individuals selected from individ-uals who are the owners, officers, directors, or employees of the participating employers or who are partners in the participating employers and actively participate in the business. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(I) G
ENERAL RULE .—Except as provided in subclauses (II) and (III), no such member is an owner, officer, director, or employee of, or part-ner in, a contract administrator or other service provider to the plan. ‘‘(II) LIMITED EXCEPTION FOR PROVIDERS OF  
SERVICES SOLELY ON BEHALF OF THE SPONSOR .— Officers or employees of a sponsor which is a service provider (other than a contract adminis-trator) to the plan may be members of the board if they constitute not more than 25 percent of the membership of the board and they do not provide services to the plan other than on behalf of the sponsor. ‘‘(III) T
REATMENT OF PROVIDERS OF MEDICAL  
CARE.—In the case of a sponsor which is an as-sociation whose membership consists primarily of providers of medical care, subclause (I) shall not apply in the case of any service provider de-scribed in subclause (I) who is a provider of medical care under the plan. ‘‘(iii) C
ERTAIN PLANS EXCLUDED .—Clause (i) shall not apply to an association health plan which is in existence on the date of the enact-ment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. ‘‘(B) S
OLE AUTHORITY .—The board has sole authority under the plan to approve applica-tions for participation in the plan and to con-tract with a service provider to administer the day-to-day affairs of the plan. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF FRANCHISE NETWORKS .— In the case of a group health plan which is es-tablished and maintained by a franchiser for a franchise network consisting of its franchisees— ‘‘(1) the requirements of subsection (a) and section 801(a) shall be deemed met if such re-quirements would otherwise be met if the fran-chiser were deemed to be the sponsor referred to in section 801(b), such network were deemed to be an association described in section 801(b), and each franchisee were deemed to be a mem-ber (of the association and the sponsor) referred to in section 801(b); and ‘‘(2) the requirements of section 804(a)(1) shall be deemed met. The Secretary may by regulation define for pur-poses of this subsection the terms ‘franchiser’, ‘franchise network’, and ‘franchisee’. 
‘‘SEC. 804. PARTICIPATION AND COVERAGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) C OVERED EMPLOYERS AND INDIVIDUALS .— The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to an association health plan if, under the terms of the plan— ‘‘(1) each participating employer must be— ‘‘(A) a member of the sponsor, ‘‘(B) the sponsor, or ‘‘(C) an affiliated member of the sponsor with respect to which the requirements of subsection (b) are met, except that, in the case of a sponsor which is a professional association or other individual- based association, if at least one of the officers, directors, or employees of an employer, or at least one of the individuals who are partners in an employer and who actively participates in the business, is a member or such an affiliated member of the sponsor, participating employers may also include such employer; and ‘‘(2) all individuals commencing coverage under the plan after certification under this part must be— ‘‘(A) active or retired owners (including self- employed individuals), officers, directors, or em-ployees of, or partners in, participating employ-ers; or ‘‘(B) the beneficiaries of individuals described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) C
OVERAGE OF PREVIOUSLY UNINSURED  E
MPLOYEES .—In the case of an association health plan in existence on the date of the en-actment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, an affiliated member of the sponsor of the plan may be offered coverage under the plan as a participating employer only if— ‘‘(1) the affiliated member was an affiliated member on the date of certification under this part; or ‘‘(2) during the 12-month period preceding the date of the offering of such coverage, the affili-ated member has not maintained or contributed to a group health plan with respect to any of its employees who would otherwise be eligible to participate in such association health plan. ‘‘(c) INDIVIDUAL MARKET UNAFFECTED .—The requirements of this subsection are met with re-spect to an association health plan if, under the terms of the plan, no participating employer may provide health insurance coverage in the individual market for any employee not covered under the plan which is similar to the coverage contemporaneously provided to employees of the employer under the plan, if such exclusion of the employee from coverage under the plan is based on a health status-related factor with re-spect to the employee and such employee would, but for such exclusion on such basis, be eligible for coverage under the plan. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION AGAINST  E
MPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES ELIGIBLE TOPAR-
TICIPATE .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to an association health plan if— ‘‘(1) under the terms of the plan, all employers meeting the preceding requirements of this sec-tion are eligible to qualify as participating em-ployers for all geographically available coverage options, unless, in the case of any such em-ployer, participation or contribution require-ments of the type referred to in section 2711 of the Public Health Service Act are not met; ‘‘(2) upon request, any employer eligible to participate is furnished information regarding all coverage options available under the plan; and ‘‘(3) the applicable requirements of sections 701, 702, and 703 are met with respect to the plan. 
‘‘SEC. 805. OTHER REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO PLAN DOCUMENTS, CONTRIBUTION RATES, AND BENEFIT OPTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The requirements of this section are met with respect to an association health plan if the following requirements are met: ‘‘(1) C
ONTENTS OF GOVERNING INSTRUMENTS .— The instruments governing the plan include a written instrument, meeting the requirements of an instrument required under section 402(a)(1), which— ‘‘(A) provides that the board of trustees serves as the named fiduciary required for plans under section 402(a)(1) and serves in the capacity of a plan administrator (referred to in section 3(16)(A)); ‘‘(B) provides that the sponsor of the plan is to serve as plan sponsor (referred to in section 3(16)(B)); and ‘‘(C) incorporates the requirements of section 806. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTION RATES MUST BE NON -
DISCRIMINATORY .— ‘‘(A) The contribution rates for any partici-pating small employer do not vary on the basis of any health status-related factor in relation to employees of such employer or their bene-ficiaries and do not vary on the basis of the type of business or industry in which such employer is engaged. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this title or any other provi-sion of law shall be construed to preclude an as-sociation health plan, or a health insurance issuer offering health insurance coverage in connection with an association health plan, from— ‘‘(i) setting contribution rates based on the claims experience of the plan; or ‘‘(ii) varying contribution rates for small em-ployers in a State to the extent that such rates could vary using the same methodology em-ployed in such State for regulating premium rates in the small group market with respect to health insurance coverage offered in connection with bona fide associations (within the meaning of section 2791(d)(3) of the Public Health Service Act), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2314 March 22, 2017 
subject to the requirements of section 702(b) re-lating to contribution rates. ‘‘(3) F
LOOR FOR NUMBER OF COVERED INDIVID -
UALS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN PLANS .—If any benefit option under the plan does not consist of health insurance coverage, the plan has as of the beginning of the plan year not fewer than 1,000 participants and beneficiaries. ‘‘(4) M
ARKETING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a benefit option which consists of health insurance coverage is offered under the plan, State-licensed insurance agents shall be used to distribute to small employers coverage which does not consist of health insur-ance coverage in a manner comparable to the manner in which such agents are used to dis-tribute health insurance coverage. ‘‘(B) S
TATE-LICENSED INSURANCE AGENTS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘State- licensed insurance agents’ means one or more agents who are licensed in a State and are sub-ject to the laws of such State relating to licen-sure, qualification, testing, examination, and continuing education of persons authorized to offer, sell, or solicit health insurance coverage in such State. ‘‘(5) R
EGULATORY REQUIREMENTS .—Such other requirements as the applicable authority deter-mines are necessary to carry out the purposes of this part, which shall be prescribed by the appli-cable authority by regulation. ‘‘(b) A
BILITY OF ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS T
ODESIGN BENEFIT OPTIONS .—Subject to sec-tion 514(d), nothing in this part or any provi-sion of State law (as defined in section 514(c)(1)) shall be construed to preclude an association health plan, or a health insurance issuer offer-ing health insurance coverage in connection with an association health plan, from exercising its sole discretion in selecting the specific items and services consisting of medical care to be in-cluded as benefits under such plan or coverage, except (subject to section 514) in the case of (1) any law to the extent that it is not preempted under section 731(a)(1) with respect to matters governed by section 711, 712, or 713, or (2) any law of the State with which filing and approval of a policy type offered by the plan was initially obtained to the extent that such law prohibits an exclusion of a specific disease from such cov-erage. 
‘‘SEC. 806. MAINTENANCE OF RESERVES AND PRO-VISIONS FOR SOLVENCY FOR PLANS PROVIDING HEALTH BENEFITS IN ADDITION TO HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The requirements of this section are met with respect to an association health plan if— ‘‘(1) the benefits under the plan consist solely of health insurance coverage; or ‘‘(2) if the plan provides any additional ben-efit options which do not consist of health in-surance coverage, the plan— ‘‘(A) establishes and maintains reserves with respect to such additional benefit options, in amounts recommended by the qualified actuary, consisting of— ‘‘(i) a reserve sufficient for unearned con-tributions; ‘‘(ii) a reserve sufficient for benefit liabilities which have been incurred, which have not been satisfied, and for which risk of loss has not yet been transferred, and for expected administra-tive costs with respect to such benefit liabilities; ‘‘(iii) a reserve sufficient for any other obliga-tions of the plan; and ‘‘(iv) a reserve sufficient for a margin of error and other fluctuations, taking into account the specific circumstances of the plan; and ‘‘(B) establishes and maintains aggregate and specific excess/stop loss insurance and solvency indemnification, with respect to such additional benefit options for which risk of loss has not yet been transferred, as follows: ‘‘(i) The plan shall secure aggregate excess/ stop loss insurance for the plan with an attach-ment point which is not greater than 125 percent of expected gross annual claims. The applicable authority may by regulation provide for upward adjustments in the amount of such percentage in specified circumstances in which the plan specifically provides for and maintains reserves in excess of the amounts required under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(ii) The plan shall secure specific excess/stop loss insurance for the plan with an attachment point which is at least equal to an amount rec-ommended by the plan’s qualified actuary. The applicable authority may by regulation provide for adjustments in the amount of such insur-ance in specified circumstances in which the plan specifically provides for and maintains re-serves in excess of the amounts required under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(iii) The plan shall secure indemnification insurance for any claims which the plan is un-able to satisfy by reason of a plan termination. Any person issuing to a plan insurance de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B) shall notify the Secretary of any failure of premium payment meriting cancellation of the policy prior to undertaking such a cancellation. Any regulations prescribed by the applicable au-thority pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (B) may allow for such adjustments in the required levels of excess/stop loss insurance as the qualified actuary may recommend, taking into account the specific circumstances of the plan. ‘‘(b) MINIMUM SURPLUS IN ADDITION TO  C
LAIMS RESERVES .—In the case of any associa-tion health plan described in subsection (a)(2), the requirements of this subsection are met if the plan establishes and maintains surplus in an amount at least equal to— ‘‘(1) $500,000, or ‘‘(2) such greater amount (but not greater than $2,000,000) as may be set forth in regula-tions prescribed by the applicable authority, considering the level of aggregate and specific excess/stop loss insurance provided with respect to such plan and other factors related to sol-vency risk, such as the plan’s projected levels of participation or claims, the nature of the plan’s liabilities, and the types of assets available to assure that such liabilities are met. ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In the case of any association health plan described in sub-section (a)(2), the applicable authority may pro-vide such additional requirements relating to re-serves, excess/stop loss insurance, and indem-nification insurance as the applicable authority considers appropriate. Such requirements may be provided by regulation with respect to any such plan or any class of such plans. ‘‘(d) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR EXCESS /STOPLOSSIN-
SURANCE .—The applicable authority may pro-vide for adjustments to the levels of reserves oth-erwise required under subsections (a) and (b) with respect to any plan or class of plans to take into account excess/stop loss insurance pro-vided with respect to such plan or plans. ‘‘(e) A
LTERNATIVE MEANS OF COMPLIANCE .— The applicable authority may permit an associa-tion health plan described in subsection (a)(2) to substitute, for all or part of the requirements of this section (except subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii)), such security, guarantee, hold-harmless ar-rangement, or other financial arrangement as the applicable authority determines to be ade-quate to enable the plan to fully meet all its fi-nancial obligations on a timely basis and is oth-erwise no less protective of the interests of par-ticipants and beneficiaries than the require-ments for which it is substituted. The applicable authority may take into account, for purposes of this subsection, evidence provided by the plan or sponsor which demonstrates an assumption of liability with respect to the plan. Such evidence may be in the form of a contract of indemnifica-tion, lien, bonding, insurance, letter of credit, recourse under applicable terms of the plan in the form of assessments of participating employ-ers, security, or other financial arrangement. ‘‘(f) MEASURES TOENSURE CONTINUED PAY-
MENT OF BENEFITS BY CERTAIN PLANS IN DIS-
TRESS .— ‘‘(1) P
AYMENTS BY CERTAIN PLANS TO ASSOCIA -
TION HEALTH PLAN FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an associa-tion health plan described in subsection (a)(2), the requirements of this subsection are met if the plan makes payments into the Association Health Plan Fund under this subparagraph when they are due. Such payments shall consist of annual payments in the amount of $5,000, and, in addition to such annual payments, such supplemental payments as the Secretary may determine to be necessary under paragraph (2). Payments under this paragraph are payable to the Fund at the time determined by the Sec-retary. Initial payments are due in advance of certification under this part. Payments shall continue to accrue until a plan’s assets are dis-tributed pursuant to a termination procedure. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO MAKE PAY -
MENTS .—If any payment is not made by a plan when it is due, a late payment charge of not more than 100 percent of the payment which was not timely paid shall be payable by the plan to the Fund. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED DUTY OF THE SECRETARY .— The Secretary shall not cease to carry out the provisions of paragraph (2) on account of the failure of a plan to pay any payment when due. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENTS BY SECRETARY TO CONTINUE  
EXCESS /STOP LOSS INSURANCE COVERAGE AND IN -
DEMNIFICATION INSURANCE COVERAGE FOR CER -
TAIN PLANS .—In any case in which the applica-ble authority determines that there is, or that there is reason to believe that there will be: (A) A failure to take necessary corrective actions under section 809(a) with respect to an associa-tion health plan described in subsection (a)(2); or (B) a termination of such a plan under sec-tion 809(b) or 810(b)(8) (and, if the applicable authority is not the Secretary, certifies such de-termination to the Secretary), the Secretary shall determine the amounts necessary to make payments to an insurer (designated by the Sec-retary) to maintain in force excess/stop loss in-surance coverage or indemnification insurance coverage for such plan, if the Secretary deter-mines that there is a reasonable expectation that, without such payments, claims would not be satisfied by reason of termination of such coverage. The Secretary shall, to the extent pro-vided in advance in appropriation Acts, pay such amounts so determined to the insurer des-ignated by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) A
SSOCIATION HEALTH PLAN FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There is established on the books of the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘Association Health Plan Fund’. The Fund shall be available for making payments pursuant to paragraph (2). The Fund shall be credited with payments received pursuant to paragraph (1)(A), penalties received pursuant to paragraph (1)(B); and earnings on investments of amounts of the Fund under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) I
NVESTMENT .—Whenever the Secretary determines that the moneys of the fund are in excess of current needs, the Secretary may re-quest the investment of such amounts as the Secretary determines advisable by the Secretary of the Treasury in obligations issued or guaran-teed by the United States. ‘‘(g) E
XCESS /STOPLOSSINSURANCE .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) A
GGREGATE EXCESS /STOP LOSS INSUR -
ANCE.—The term ‘aggregate excess/stop loss in-surance’ means, in connection with an associa-tion health plan, a contract— ‘‘(A) under which an insurer (meeting such minimum standards as the applicable authority may prescribe by regulation) provides for pay-ment to the plan with respect to aggregate claims under the plan in excess of an amount or amounts specified in such contract; ‘‘(B) which is guaranteed renewable; and ‘‘(C) which allows for payment of premiums by any third party on behalf of the insured plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2315 March 22, 2017 
‘‘(2) S PECIFIC EXCESS /STOP LOSS INSURANCE .— The term ‘specific excess/stop loss insurance’ means, in connection with an association health plan, a contract— ‘‘(A) under which an insurer (meeting such minimum standards as the applicable authority may prescribe by regulation) provides for pay-ment to the plan with respect to claims under the plan in connection with a covered indi-vidual in excess of an amount or amounts speci-fied in such contract in connection with such covered individual; ‘‘(B) which is guaranteed renewable; and ‘‘(C) which allows for payment of premiums by any third party on behalf of the insured plan. ‘‘(h) I
NDEMNIFICATION INSURANCE .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘indemnification insurance’ means, in connection with an asso-ciation health plan, a contract— ‘‘(1) under which an insurer (meeting such minimum standards as the applicable authority may prescribe by regulation) provides for pay-ment to the plan with respect to claims under the plan which the plan is unable to satisfy by reason of a termination pursuant to section 809(b) (relating to mandatory termination); ‘‘(2) which is guaranteed renewable and noncancellable for any reason (except as the ap-plicable authority may prescribe by regulation); and ‘‘(3) which allows for payment of premiums by any third party on behalf of the insured plan. ‘‘(i) R
ESERVES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘reserves’ means, in connection with an association health plan, plan assets which meet the fiduciary standards under part 4 and such additional requirements regarding liquidity as the applicable authority may prescribe by regu-lation. ‘‘(j) S
OLVENCY STANDARDS WORKING GROUP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, the applicable au-thority shall establish a Solvency Standards Working Group. In prescribing the initial regu-lations under this section, the applicable au-thority shall take into account the recommenda-tions of such Working Group. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Working Group shall consist of not more than 15 members appointed by the applicable authority. The applicable au-thority shall include among persons invited to membership on the Working Group at least one of each of the following: ‘‘(A) A representative of the National Associa-tion of Insurance Commissioners. ‘‘(B) A representative of the American Acad-emy of Actuaries. ‘‘(C) A representative of the State govern-ments, or their interests. ‘‘(D) A representative of existing self-insured arrangements, or their interests. ‘‘(E) A representative of associations of the type referred to in section 801(b)(1), or their in-terests. ‘‘(F) A representative of multiemployer plans that are group health plans, or their interests. 
‘‘SEC. 807. REQUIREMENTS FOR APPLICATION AND RELATED REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FEE.—Under the procedure pre-scribed pursuant to section 802(a), an associa-tion health plan shall pay to the applicable au-thority at the time of filing an application for certification under this part a filing fee in the amount of $5,000, which shall be available in the case of the Secretary, to the extent provided in appropriation Acts, for the sole purpose of ad-ministering the certification procedures applica-ble with respect to association health plans. ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION TOBEINCLUDED IN APPLI-
CATION FOR CERTIFICATION .—An application for certification under this part meets the require-ments of this section only if it includes, in a manner and form which shall be prescribed by the applicable authority by regulation, at least the following information: ‘‘(1) I
DENTIFYING INFORMATION .—The names and addresses of— ‘‘(A) the sponsor; and ‘‘(B) the members of the board of trustees of the plan. ‘‘(2) STATES IN WHICH PLAN INTENDS TO DO  
BUSINESS .—The States in which participants and beneficiaries under the plan are to be lo-cated and the number of them expected to be lo-cated in each such State. ‘‘(3) B
ONDING REQUIREMENTS .—Evidence pro-vided by the board of trustees that the bonding requirements of section 412 will be met as of the date of the application or (if later) commence-ment of operations. ‘‘(4) P
LAN DOCUMENTS .—A copy of the docu-ments governing the plan (including any bylaws and trust agreements), the summary plan de-scription, and other material describing the ben-efits that will be provided to participants and beneficiaries under the plan. ‘‘(5) A
GREEMENTS WITH SERVICE PROVIDERS .— A copy of any agreements between the plan and contract administrators and other service pro-viders. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING REPORT .—In the case of associa-tion health plans providing benefits options in addition to health insurance coverage, a report setting forth information with respect to such additional benefit options determined as of a date within the 120-day period ending with the date of the application, including the following: ‘‘(A) R
ESERVES .—A statement, certified by the board of trustees of the plan, and a statement of actuarial opinion, signed by a qualified actu-ary, that all applicable requirements of section 806 are or will be met in accordance with regula-tions which the applicable authority shall pre-scribe. ‘‘(B) A
DEQUACY OF CONTRIBUTION RATES .—A statement of actuarial opinion, signed by a qualified actuary, which sets forth a description of the extent to which contribution rates are adequate to provide for the payment of all obli-gations and the maintenance of required re-serves under the plan for the 12-month period beginning with such date within such 120-day period, taking into account the expected cov-erage and experience of the plan. If the con-tribution rates are not fully adequate, the state-ment of actuarial opinion shall indicate the ex-tent to which the rates are inadequate and the changes needed to ensure adequacy. ‘‘(C) C
URRENT AND PROJECTED VALUE OF AS -
SETS AND LIABILITIES .—A statement of actuarial opinion signed by a qualified actuary, which sets forth the current value of the assets and li-abilities accumulated under the plan and a pro-jection of the assets, liabilities, income, and ex-penses of the plan for the 12-month period re-ferred to in subparagraph (B). The income state-ment shall identify separately the plan’s admin-istrative expenses and claims. ‘‘(D) C
OSTS OF COVERAGE TO BE CHARGED AND  
OTHER EXPENSES .—A statement of the costs of coverage to be charged, including an itemization of amounts for administration, reserves, and other expenses associated with the operation of the plan. ‘‘(E) O
THER INFORMATION .—Any other infor-mation as may be determined by the applicable authority, by regulation, as necessary to carry out the purposes of this part. ‘‘(c) F
ILING NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION WITH S
TATES .—A certification granted under this part to an association health plan shall not be effec-tive unless written notice of such certification is filed with the applicable State authority of each State in which at least 25 percent of the partici-pants and beneficiaries under the plan are lo-cated. For purposes of this subsection, an indi-vidual shall be considered to be located in the State in which a known address of such indi-vidual is located or in which such individual is employed. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE OF MATERIAL CHANGES .—In the case of any association health plan certified under this part, descriptions of material changes in any information which was required to be submitted with the application for the certifi-cation under this part shall be filed in such form and manner as shall be prescribed by the appli-cable authority by regulation. The applicable authority may require by regulation prior notice of material changes with respect to specified matters which might serve as the basis for sus-pension or revocation of the certification. ‘‘(e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN  A
SSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS.—An association health plan certified under this part which pro-vides benefit options in addition to health insur-ance coverage for such plan year shall meet the requirements of section 103 by filing an annual report under such section which shall include information described in subsection (b)(6) with respect to the plan year and, notwithstanding section 104(a)(1)(A), shall be filed with the ap-plicable authority not later than 90 days after the close of the plan year (or on such later date as may be prescribed by the applicable author-ity). The applicable authority may require by regulation such interim reports as it considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) E
NGAGEMENT OF QUALIFIED ACTUARY .— The board of trustees of each association health plan which provides benefits options in addition to health insurance coverage and which is ap-plying for certification under this part or is cer-tified under this part shall engage, on behalf of all participants and beneficiaries, a qualified actuary who shall be responsible for the prepa-ration of the materials comprising information necessary to be submitted by a qualified actuary under this part. The qualified actuary shall uti-lize such assumptions and techniques as are necessary to enable such actuary to form an opinion as to whether the contents of the mat-ters reported under this part— ‘‘(1) are in the aggregate reasonably related to the experience of the plan and to reasonable ex-pectations; and ‘‘(2) represent such actuary’s best estimate of anticipated experience under the plan. The opinion by the qualified actuary shall be made with respect to, and shall be made a part of, the annual report. 
‘‘SEC. 808. NOTICE REQUIREMENTS FOR VOL-UNTARY TERMINATION. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 809(b), an asso-ciation health plan which is or has been cer-tified under this part may terminate (upon or at any time after cessation of accruals in benefit li-abilities) only if the board of trustees, not less than 60 days before the proposed termination date— ‘‘(1) provides to the participants and bene-ficiaries a written notice of intent to terminate stating that such termination is intended and the proposed termination date; ‘‘(2) develops a plan for winding up the af-fairs of the plan in connection with such termi-nation in a manner which will result in timely payment of all benefits for which the plan is ob-ligated; and ‘‘(3) submits such plan in writing to the appli-cable authority. Actions required under this section shall be taken in such form and manner as may be pre-scribed by the applicable authority by regula-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 809. CORRECTIVE ACTIONS AND MANDA-TORY TERMINATION. 
‘‘(a) A CTIONS TOAVOID DEPLETION OF RE-
SERVES .—An association health plan which is certified under this part and which provides benefits other than health insurance coverage shall continue to meet the requirements of sec-tion 806, irrespective of whether such certifi-cation continues in effect. The board of trustees of such plan shall determine quarterly whether the requirements of section 806 are met. In any case in which the board determines that there is reason to believe that there is or will be a failure to meet such requirements, or the applicable au-thority makes such a determination and so noti-fies the board, the board shall immediately no-tify the qualified actuary engaged by the plan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2316 March 22, 2017 
and such actuary shall, not later than the end of the next following month, make such rec-ommendations to the board for corrective action as the actuary determines necessary to ensure compliance with section 806. Not later than 30 days after receiving from the actuary rec-ommendations for corrective actions, the board shall notify the applicable authority (in such form and manner as the applicable authority may prescribe by regulation) of such rec-ommendations of the actuary for corrective ac-tion, together with a description of the actions (if any) that the board has taken or plans to take in response to such recommendations. The board shall thereafter report to the applicable authority, in such form and frequency as the applicable authority may specify to the board, regarding corrective action taken by the board until the requirements of section 806 are met. ‘‘(b) M
ANDATORY TERMINATION .—In any case in which— ‘‘(1) the applicable authority has been notified under subsection (a) (or by an issuer of excess/ stop loss insurance or indemnity insurance pur-suant to section 806(a)) of a failure of an asso-ciation health plan which is or has been cer-tified under this part and is described in section 806(a)(2) to meet the requirements of section 806 and has not been notified by the board of trust-ees of the plan that corrective action has re-stored compliance with such requirements; and ‘‘(2) the applicable authority determines that there is a reasonable expectation that the plan will continue to fail to meet the requirements of section 806, the board of trustees of the plan shall, at the di-rection of the applicable authority, terminate the plan and, in the course of the termination, take such actions as the applicable authority may require, including satisfying any claims re-ferred to in section 806(a)(2)(B)(iii) and recov-ering for the plan any liability under subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) or (e) of section 806, as necessary to ensure that the affairs of the plan will be, to the maximum extent possible, wound up in a man-ner which will result in timely provision of all benefits for which the plan is obligated. 
‘‘SEC. 810. TRUSTEESHIP BY THE SECRETARY OF INSOLVENT ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS PROVIDING HEALTH BENE-FITS IN ADDITION TO HEALTH IN-SURANCE COVERAGE. 
‘‘(a) A PPOINTMENT OF SECRETARY AS TRUSTEE  
FORINSOLVENT PLANS.—Whenever the Secretary determines that an association health plan which is or has been certified under this part and which is described in section 806(a)(2) will be unable to provide benefits when due or is otherwise in a financially hazardous condition, as shall be defined by the Secretary by regula-tion, the Secretary shall, upon notice to the plan, apply to the appropriate United States district court for appointment of the Secretary as trustee to administer the plan for the dura-tion of the insolvency. The plan may appear as a party and other interested persons may inter-vene in the proceedings at the discretion of the court. The court shall appoint such Secretary trustee if the court determines that the trustee-ship is necessary to protect the interests of the participants and beneficiaries or providers of medical care or to avoid any unreasonable dete-rioration of the financial condition of the plan. The trusteeship of such Secretary shall continue until the conditions described in the first sen-tence of this subsection are remedied or the plan is terminated. ‘‘(b) P
OWERS AS TRUSTEE .—The Secretary, upon appointment as trustee under subsection (a), shall have the power— ‘‘(1) to do any act authorized by the plan, this title, or other applicable provisions of law to be done by the plan administrator or any trustee of the plan; ‘‘(2) to require the transfer of all (or any part) of the assets and records of the plan to the Sec-retary as trustee; ‘‘(3) to invest any assets of the plan which the Secretary holds in accordance with the provi-sions of the plan, regulations prescribed by the Secretary, and applicable provisions of law; ‘‘(4) to require the sponsor, the plan adminis-trator, any participating employer, and any em-ployee organization representing plan partici-pants to furnish any information with respect to the plan which the Secretary as trustee may reasonably need in order to administer the plan; ‘‘(5) to collect for the plan any amounts due the plan and to recover reasonable expenses of the trusteeship; ‘‘(6) to commence, prosecute, or defend on be-half of the plan any suit or proceeding involv-ing the plan; ‘‘(7) to issue, publish, or file such notices, statements, and reports as may be required by the Secretary by regulation or required by any order of the court; ‘‘(8) to terminate the plan (or provide for its termination in accordance with section 809(b)) and liquidate the plan assets, to restore the plan to the responsibility of the sponsor, or to con-tinue the trusteeship; ‘‘(9) to provide for the enrollment of plan par-ticipants and beneficiaries under appropriate coverage options; and ‘‘(10) to do such other acts as may be nec-essary to comply with this title or any order of the court and to protect the interests of plan participants and beneficiaries and providers of medical care. ‘‘(c) NOTICE OF APPOINTMENT .—As soon as practicable after the Secretary’s appointment as trustee, the Secretary shall give notice of such appointment to— ‘‘(1) the sponsor and plan administrator; ‘‘(2) each participant; ‘‘(3) each participating employer; and ‘‘(4) if applicable, each employee organization which, for purposes of collective bargaining, represents plan participants. ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—Except to the ex-tent inconsistent with the provisions of this title, or as may be otherwise ordered by the court, the Secretary, upon appointment as trust-ee under this section, shall be subject to the same duties as those of a trustee under section 704 of title 11, United States Code, and shall have the duties of a fiduciary for purposes of this title. ‘‘(e) O
THER PROCEEDINGS .—An application by the Secretary under this subsection may be filed notwithstanding the pendency in the same or any other court of any bankruptcy, mortgage foreclosure, or equity receivership proceeding, or any proceeding to reorganize, conserve, or liq-uidate such plan or its property, or any pro-ceeding to enforce a lien against property of the plan. ‘‘(f) J
URISDICTION OF COURT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the filing of an appli-cation for the appointment as trustee or the issuance of a decree under this section, the court to which the application is made shall have exclusive jurisdiction of the plan involved and its property wherever located with the pow-ers, to the extent consistent with the purposes of this section, of a court of the United States hav-ing jurisdiction over cases under chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code. Pending an adju-dication under this section such court shall stay, and upon appointment by it of the Sec-retary as trustee, such court shall continue the stay of, any pending mortgage foreclosure, eq-uity receivership, or other proceeding to reorga-nize, conserve, or liquidate the plan, the spon-sor, or property of such plan or sponsor, and any other suit against any receiver, conservator, or trustee of the plan, the sponsor, or property of the plan or sponsor. Pending such adjudica-tion and upon the appointment by it of the Sec-retary as trustee, the court may stay any pro-ceeding to enforce a lien against property of the plan or the sponsor or any other suit against the plan or the sponsor. ‘‘(2) V
ENUE.—An action under this section may be brought in the judicial district where the sponsor or the plan administrator resides or does business or where any asset of the plan is situ-ated. A district court in which such action is brought may issue process with respect to such action in any other judicial district. ‘‘(g) PERSONNEL .—In accordance with regula-tions which shall be prescribed by the Secretary, the Secretary shall appoint, retain, and com-pensate accountants, actuaries, and other pro-fessional service personnel as may be necessary in connection with the Secretary’s service as trustee under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 811. STATE ASSESSMENT AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514, a State may impose by law a contribution tax on an association health plan described in section 806(a)(2), if the plan commenced oper-ations in such State after the date of the enact-ment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) C
ONTRIBUTION TAX.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘contribution tax’ imposed by a State on an association health plan means any tax imposed by such State if— ‘‘(1) such tax is computed by applying a rate to the amount of premiums or contributions, with respect to individuals covered under the plan who are residents of such State, which are received by the plan from participating employ-ers located in such State or from such individ-uals; ‘‘(2) the rate of such tax does not exceed the rate of any tax imposed by such State on pre-miums or contributions received by insurers or health maintenance organizations for health in-surance coverage offered in such State in con-nection with a group health plan; ‘‘(3) such tax is otherwise nondiscriminatory; and ‘‘(4) the amount of any such tax assessed on the plan is reduced by the amount of any tax or assessment otherwise imposed by the State on premiums, contributions, or both received by in-surers or health maintenance organizations for health insurance coverage, aggregate excess/stop loss insurance (as defined in section 806(g)(1)), specific excess/stop loss insurance (as defined in section 806(g)(2)), other insurance related to the provision of medical care under the plan, or any combination thereof provided by such insurers or health maintenance organizations in such State in connection with such plan. 
‘‘SEC. 812. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CON-STRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part— ‘‘(1) G
ROUP HEALTH PLAN .—The term ‘group health plan’ has the meaning provided in sec-tion 733(a)(1) (after applying subsection (b) of this section). ‘‘(2) M
EDICAL CARE .—The term ‘medical care’ has the meaning provided in section 733(a)(2). ‘‘(3) H
EALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE .—The term ‘health insurance coverage’ has the meaning provided in section 733(b)(1). ‘‘(4) H
EALTH INSURANCE ISSUER .—The term ‘health insurance issuer’ has the meaning pro-vided in section 733(b)(2). ‘‘(5) A
PPLICABLE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘ap-plicable authority’ means the Secretary, except that, in connection with any exercise of the Sec-retary’s authority regarding which the Sec-retary is required under section 506(d) to consult with a State, such term means the Secretary, in consultation with such State. ‘‘(6) H
EALTH STATUS -RELATED FACTOR .—The term ‘health status-related factor’ has the mean-ing provided in section 733(d)(2). ‘‘(7) I
NDIVIDUAL MARKET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘individual mar-ket’ means the market for health insurance cov-erage offered to individuals other than in con-nection with a group health plan. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF VERY SMALL GROUPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), such term includes coverage offered in connection with a group health plan that has fewer than 2 participants as current employees or partici-pants described in section 732(d)(3) on the first day of the plan year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2317 March 22, 2017 
‘‘(ii) S TATE EXCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply in the case of health insurance coverage offered in a State if such State regulates the coverage described in such clause in the same manner and to the same extent as coverage in the small group market (as defined in section 2791(e)(5) of the Public Health Service Act) is regulated by such State. ‘‘(8) P
ARTICIPATING EMPLOYER .—The term ‘participating employer’ means, in connection with an association health plan, any employer, if any individual who is an employee of such employer, a partner in such employer, or a self- employed individual who is such employer (or any dependent, as defined under the terms of the plan, of such individual) is or was covered under such plan in connection with the status of such individual as such an employee, part-ner, or self-employed individual in relation to the plan. ‘‘(9) A
PPLICABLE STATE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘applicable State authority’ means, with respect to a health insurance issuer in a State, the State insurance commissioner or official or officials designated by the State to enforce the require-ments of title XXVII of the Public Health Serv-ice Act for the State involved with respect to such issuer. ‘‘(10) Q
UALIFIED ACTUARY .—The term ‘quali-fied actuary’ means an individual who is a member of the American Academy of Actuaries. ‘‘(11) A
FFILIATED MEMBER .—The term ‘affili-ated member’ means, in connection with a spon-sor— ‘‘(A) a person who is otherwise eligible to be a member of the sponsor but who elects an affili-ated status with the sponsor, ‘‘(B) in the case of a sponsor with members which consist of associations, a person who is a member of any such association and elects an affiliated status with the sponsor, or ‘‘(C) in the case of an association health plan in existence on the date of the enactment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, a person eligible to be a member of the sponsor or one of its member associations. ‘‘(12) L
ARGE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘large em-ployer’ means, in connection with a group health plan with respect to a plan year, an em-ployer who employed an average of at least 51 employees on business days during the pre-ceding calendar year and who employs at least 2 employees on the first day of the plan year. ‘‘(13) S
MALL EMPLOYER .—The term ‘small em-ployer’ means, in connection with a group health plan with respect to a plan year, an em-ployer who is not a large employer. ‘‘(b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) E
MPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES .—For pur- poses of determining whether a plan, fund, or program is an employee welfare benefit plan which is an association health plan, and for purposes of applying this title in connection with such plan, fund, or program so determined to be such an employee welfare benefit plan— ‘‘(A) in the case of a partnership, the term ‘employer’ (as defined in section 3(5)) includes the partnership in relation to the partners, and the term ‘employee’ (as defined in section 3(6)) includes any partner in relation to the partner-ship; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a self-employed individual, the term ‘employer’ (as defined in section 3(5)) and the term ‘employee’ (as defined in section 3(6)) shall include such individual. ‘‘(2) P
LANS, FUNDS , AND PROGRAMS TREATED AS  
EMPLOYEE WELFARE BENEFIT PLANS .—In the case of any plan, fund, or program which was estab-lished or is maintained for the purpose of pro-viding medical care (through the purchase of in-surance or otherwise) for employees (or their de-pendents) covered thereunder and which dem-onstrates to the Secretary that all requirements for certification under this part would be met with respect to such plan, fund, or program if such plan, fund, or program were a group health plan, such plan, fund, or program shall be treated for purposes of this title as an em-ployee welfare benefit plan on and after the date of such demonstration.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO PREEMPTION  R
ULES.— (1) Section 514(b)(6) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1144(b)(6)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) The preceding subparagraphs of this paragraph do not apply with respect to any State law in the case of an association health plan which is certified under part 8.’’. (2) Section 514 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1144) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘Sub-section (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsections (a) and (f)’’; (B) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) of this section and subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b) of section 805’’, and by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ in subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) of this section or sub-section (a)(2)(B) or (b) of section 805’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f)(1) Except as provided in subsection (b)(4), the provisions of this title shall supersede any and all State laws insofar as they may now or hereafter preclude, or have the effect of pre-cluding, a health insurance issuer from offering health insurance coverage in connection with an association health plan which is certified under part 8. ‘‘(2) Except as provided in paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b) of this section— ‘‘(A) In any case in which health insurance coverage of any policy type is offered under an association health plan certified under part 8 to a participating employer operating in such State, the provisions of this title shall supersede any and all laws of such State insofar as they may preclude a health insurance issuer from of-fering health insurance coverage of the same policy type to other employers operating in the State which are eligible for coverage under such association health plan, whether or not such other employers are participating employers in such plan. ‘‘(B) In any case in which health insurance coverage of any policy type is offered in a State under an association health plan certified under part 8 and the filing, with the applicable State authority (as defined in section 812(a)(9)), of the policy form in connection with such policy type is approved by such State authority, the provi-sions of this title shall supersede any and all laws of any other State in which health insur-ance coverage of such type is offered, insofar as they may preclude, upon the filing in the same form and manner of such policy form with the applicable State authority in such other State, the approval of the filing in such other State. ‘‘(3) Nothing in subsection (b)(6)(E) or the preceding provisions of this subsection shall be construed, with respect to health insurance issuers or health insurance coverage, to super-sede or impair the law of any State— ‘‘(A) providing solvency standards or similar standards regarding the adequacy of insurer capital, surplus, reserves, or contributions, or ‘‘(B) relating to prompt payment of claims. ‘‘(4) For additional provisions relating to as-sociation health plans, see subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b) of section 805. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘association health plan’ has the meaning pro-vided in section 801(a), and the terms ‘health in-surance coverage’, ‘participating employer’, and ‘health insurance issuer’ have the meanings provided such terms in section 812, respec-tively.’’. (3) Section 514(b)(6)(A) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1144(b)(6)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (i)(II), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and which does not provide medical care (within the mean-ing of section 733(a)(2)),’’ after ‘‘arrangement,’’, and by striking ‘‘title.’’ and inserting ‘‘title, and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) subject to subparagraph (E), in the case of any other employee welfare benefit plan which is a multiple employer welfare arrange-ment and which provides medical care (within the meaning of section 733(a)(2)), any law of any State which regulates insurance may apply.’’. (4) Section 514(d) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1144(d)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), nothing’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Nothing in any other provision of law en-acted on or after the date of the enactment of the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017 shall be construed to alter, amend, modify, in-validate, impair, or supersede any provision of this title, except by specific cross-reference to the affected section.’’. (c) P
LANSPONSOR .—Section 3(16)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 102(16)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term also includes a person serving as the spon-sor of an association health plan under part 8.’’. (d) D
ISCLOSURE OF SOLVENCY PROTECTIONS  R
ELATED TO SELF-INSURED AND FULLY INSURED  O
PTIONS UNDER ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS.— Section 102(b) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 102(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An association health plan shall include in its summary plan description, in connection with each benefit option, a description of the form of solvency or guarantee fund protection secured pursuant to this Act or applicable State law, if any.’’. (e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Section 731(c) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘or part 8’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (f) R
EPORT TO THE CONGRESS REGARDING CER-
TIFICATION OF SELF-INSURED ASSOCIATION  H
EALTH PLANS.—Not later than January 1, 2022, the Secretary of Labor shall report to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate the effect association health plans have had, if any, on reducing the number of unin-sured individuals. (g) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 734 the following new items: ‘‘P
ART8. RULES GOVERNING ASSOCIATION  H
EALTH PLANS  ‘‘801. Association health plans. ‘‘802. Certification of association health plans. ‘‘803. Requirements relating to sponsors and boards of trustees. ‘‘804. Participation and coverage require-ments. ‘‘805. Other requirements relating to plan documents, contribution rates, and benefit options. ‘‘806. Maintenance of reserves and provisions for solvency for plans providing health benefits in addition to health insurance coverage. ‘‘807. Requirements for application and re-lated requirements. ‘‘808. Notice requirements for voluntary ter-mination. ‘‘809. Corrective actions and mandatory ter-mination. ‘‘810. Trusteeship by the Secretary of insol-vent association health plans providing health benefits in ad-dition to health insurance cov-erage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2318 March 22, 2017 
‘‘811. State assessment authority. ‘‘812. Definitions and rules of construction.’’. 
SEC. 3. CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF SIN-GLE EMPLOYER ARRANGEMENTS. 
Section 3(40)(B) of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002(40)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘control group,’’ the following: ‘‘except that, in any case in which the benefit referred to in sub-paragraph (A) consists of medical care (as defined in section 812(a)(2)), two or more trades or businesses, whether or not incor-porated, shall be deemed a single employer for any plan year of such plan, or any fiscal year of such other arrangement, if such trades or businesses are within the same con-trol group during such year or at any time during the preceding 1-year period,’’; (2) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘(iii) the de-termination’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii)(I) in any case in which the benefit re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) consists of medical care (as defined in section 812(a)(2)), the determination of whether a trade or business is under ‘common control’ with an-other trade or business shall be determined under regulations of the Secretary applying principles consistent and coextensive with the principles applied in determining wheth-er employees of two or more trades or busi-nesses are treated as employed by a single employer under section 4001(b), except that, for purposes of this paragraph, an interest of greater than 25 percent may not be required as the minimum interest necessary for com-mon control, or ‘‘(II) in any other case, the determina-tion’’; (3) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (v) and (vi), respectively; and (4) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(iv) in any case in which the benefit re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) consists of medical care (as defined in section 812(a)(2)), in determining, after the application of clause (i), whether benefits are provided to employees of two or more employers, the ar-rangement shall be treated as having only one participating employer if, after the ap-plication of clause (i), the number of individ-uals who are employees and former employ-ees of any one participating employer and who are covered under the arrangement is greater than 75 percent of the aggregate number of all individuals who are employees or former employees of participating em-ployers and who are covered under the ar-rangement,’’. 
SEC. 4. ENFORCEMENT PROVISIONS RELATING TO ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) C RIMINAL PENALTIES FOR CERTAIN WILL-
FUL MISREPRESENTATIONS .—Section 501 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1131) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) Any person who willfully falsely rep-resents, to any employee, any employee’s beneficiary, any employer, the Secretary, or any State, a plan or other arrangement es-tablished or maintained for the purpose of offering or providing any benefit described in section 3(1) to employees or their bene-ficiaries as— ‘‘(1) being an association health plan which has been certified under part 8; ‘‘(2) having been established or maintained under or pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements which are reached pursuant to collective bargaining described in section 8(d) of the National Labor Rela-tions Act (29 U.S.C. 158(d)) or paragraph Fourth of section 2 of the Railway Labor Act (45 U.S.C. 152, paragraph Fourth) or which are reached pursuant to labor-management negotiations under similar provisions of State public employee relations laws; or ‘‘(3) being a plan or arrangement described in section 3(40)(A)(i), shall, upon conviction, be imprisoned not more than 5 years, be fined under title 18, United States Code, or both.’’. (b) CEASE ACTIVITIES ORDERS .—Section 502 of the Employee Retirement Income Secu-rity Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1132) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(n) A
SSOCIATION HEALTH PLANCEASE AND  D
ESIST ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), upon application by the Secretary showing the operation, promotion, or marketing of an association health plan (or similar arrange-ment providing benefits consisting of med-ical care (as defined in section 733(a)(2))) that— ‘‘(A) is not certified under part 8, is subject under section 514(b)(6) to the insurance laws of any State in which the plan or arrange-ment offers or provides benefits, and is not licensed, registered, or otherwise approved under the insurance laws of such State; or ‘‘(B) is an association health plan certified under part 8 and is not operating in accord-ance with the requirements under part 8 for such certification, a district court of the United States shall enter an order requiring that the plan or ar-rangement cease activities. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in the case of an association health plan or other arrangement if the plan or ar-rangement shows that— ‘‘(A) all benefits under it referred to in paragraph (1) consist of health insurance coverage; and ‘‘(B) with respect to each State in which the plan or arrangement offers or provides benefits, the plan or arrangement is oper-ating in accordance with applicable State laws that are not superseded under section 514. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL EQUITABLE RELIEF .—The court may grant such additional equitable relief, including any relief available under this title, as it deems necessary to protect the interests of the public and of persons having claims for benefits against the plan.’’. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS PROCE -
DURE .—Section 503 of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1133) is amended by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL .—’’ before ‘‘In accordance’’, and by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
SSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS .—The terms of each association health plan which is or has been certified under part 8 shall re-quire the board of trustees or the named fi-duciary (as applicable) to ensure that the re-quirements of this section are met in connec-tion with claims filed under the plan.’’. 
SEC. 5. COOPERATION BETWEEN FEDERAL AND STATE AUTHORITIES. 
Section 506 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1136) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION WITHSTATES WITHRE-
SPECT TO ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS .— ‘‘(1) A
GREEMENTS WITH STATES .—The Sec- retary shall consult with the State recog-nized under paragraph (2) with respect to an association health plan regarding the exer-cise of— ‘‘(A) the Secretary’s authority under sec-tions 502 and 504 to enforce the requirements for certification under part 8; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary’s authority to certify association health plans under part 8 in ac-cordance with regulations of the Secretary applicable to certification under part 8. ‘‘(2) R
ECOGNITION OF PRIMARY DOMICILE  
STATE .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that only one State will be recognized, with respect to any par-ticular association health plan, as the State with which consultation is required. In car-rying out this paragraph— ‘‘(A) in the case of a plan which provides health insurance coverage (as defined in sec-tion 812(a)(3)), such State shall be the State with which filing and approval of a policy type offered by the plan was initially ob-tained, and ‘‘(B) in any other case, the Secretary shall take into account the places of residence of the participants and beneficiaries under the plan and the State in which the trust is maintained.’’. SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TRANSITIONAL AND OTHER RULES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Labor shall first issue all regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this Act within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN EXISTING  H
EALTH BENEFITS PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, an ar-rangement is maintained in a State for the purpose of providing benefits consisting of medical care for the employees and bene-ficiaries of its participating employers, at least 200 participating employers make con-tributions to such arrangement, such ar-rangement has been in existence for at least 10 years, and such arrangement is licensed under the laws of one or more States to pro-vide such benefits to its participating em-ployers, upon the filing with the applicable authority (as defined in section 812(a)(5) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended by this subtitle)) by the arrangement of an application for cer-tification of the arrangement under part 8 of subtitle B of title I of such Act— (A) such arrangement shall be deemed to be a group health plan for purposes of title I of such Act; (B) the requirements of sections 801(a) and 803(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 shall be deemed met with respect to such arrangement; (C) the requirements of section 803(b) of such Act shall be deemed met, if the arrange-ment is operated by a board of directors which— (i) is elected by the participating employ-ers, with each employer having one vote; and (ii) has complete fiscal control over the ar-rangement and which is responsible for all operations of the arrangement; (D) the requirements of section 804(a) of such Act shall be deemed met with respect to such arrangement; and (E) the arrangement may be certified by any applicable authority with respect to its operations in any State only if it operates in such State on the date of certification. The provisions of this subsection shall cease to apply with respect to any such arrange-ment at such time after the date of the en-actment of this Act as the applicable re-quirements of this subsection are not met with respect to such arrangement. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘‘group health plan’’, ‘‘medical care’’, and ‘‘participating em-ployer’’ shall have the meanings provided in section 812 of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974, except that the reference in paragraph (7) of such section to an ‘‘association health plan’’ shall be deemed a reference to an arrangement referred to in this subsection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2319 March 22, 2017 
ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amend-ment printed in House Report 115–51, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read and shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. The gentlewoman from North Caro-lina (Ms. F
OXX) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1101. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, this week marks 7 years since ObamaCare was signed into law. We all remember the promises former President Obama and Washington Democrats made at the time. Families were promised that their healthcare costs would go down. They were promised more choices and more competition. Small businesses and their employees were promised greater access to affordable health care. But for 7 years, we have watched as all of those promises were broken. For 7 years, we have heard from families and small businesses across the coun-try that have seen their healthcare costs skyrocket and their choices di-minish. Members of the House Education and the Workforce Committee recently heard from Scott Bollenbacher, an In-diana small-business owner with 11 full-time employees. The company has been forced to switch healthcare plans twice now under ObamaCare, and their only viable option this year was a plan with a 78 percent premium increase. Mr. Bollenbacher is one of countless small-business owners struggling to make ends meet under a failed govern-ment takeover of health care. Because of ObamaCare, 300,000 small-business jobs have been destroyed, including nearly 8,000 in my home State of North Carolina. b1400 Additionally, an estimated 10,000 small businesses nationwide have closed their doors, and small business employees have lost $19 billion each year in wages. It should come as no surprise that, since 2008, the share of small businesses with fewer than 10 employees offering health coverage has dropped 36 percent. It is not that they don’t want to; it is that onerous mandates and regulations have made it simply unaffordable to do so. Fortunately, relief is on the way. This week we are not only moving to repeal ObamaCare, we are also advanc-ing positive reforms that promote af-fordable coverage for working families, including the Small Business Health Fairness Act. As its title implies, this important legislation is about fairness for small businesses and their employees. Today, small businesses are on an unfair play-ing field with larger companies and unions when it comes to health care. Large businesses have the ability to negotiate for more affordable healthcare costs for their employees, but small businesses do not have the same advantage. Because of their size, small businesses have limited bar-gaining power, which means their em-ployees can end up paying more for health insurance. With millions of Americans employed by a small business, it is long past time to level the playing field. That is ex-actly what this commonsense legisla-tion is about. This bill would empower small businesses to band together through association health plans, or AHPs, to purchase high-quality health care at a lower cost for workers. This bill represents a first step to-ward a more competitive health insur-ance market that crosses State lines. Under H.R. 1101, small businesses in different States could join together through a group health plan. These plans would have strong protections and solvency requirements to ensure workers can count on healthcare cov-erage when they and their families need it. What does all of this mean: more choices, more freedom, and more af-fordable health care for working fami-lies and small-business owners like Scott Bollenbacher. This is a better way, one that stands in stark contrast to ObamaCare’s failed approach. In-stead of more mandates, this bill em-powers individuals to access the high- quality, affordable healthcare plan that meets their needs. I want to thank my colleague Rep-resentative S
AMJOHNSON for cham-pioning, for years, the positive reforms in this bill. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1101 so we can level the playing field for small businesses and expand afford-able health coverage for working fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today we are consid-ering a bill that purports to make it easier for small businesses to obtain coverage, and tomorrow we will vote on a bill that will take away health in-surance coverage for 24 million Ameri-cans and force everyone else to pay more for less. So not only are we con-sidering a bill today that will make things worse, we are considering it a day before we vote on ruining health security for working families in order to provide tax cuts for the wealthy. As we debate the possible replace-ment of the Affordable Care Act, I think it is instructive that we look back at what the situation was before the ACA passed. Listening to some, you would think that the costs weren’t going up at all. In fact, costs were going through the roof before the ACA, and small busi-nesses, particularly, were having spec-tacular cost increases—and that is until somebody got sick. At that point, you were unlikely to be able to afford any insurance at all. Every year before the ACA, small businesses were dropping insurance right and left, particularly after some-body got sick. Also, before the Afford-able Care Act, people with preexisting conditions couldn’t get insurance. Women were paying more than men. Millions of people were losing their in-surance every year. Since then, the costs have continued to go up, but at the lowest rate in the last 50 years. People with preexisting conditions can get insurance at the standard rate. Small businesses can cover their employees through the Af-fordable Care Act at the average cost, whether or not anybody in their small business has cancer or diabetes. Women are not paying more than men. Instead of millions of people losing their insur-ance every year, 20 million more people have insurance. In addition to that, families now enjoy strong consumer protections. The full name of the Affordable Care Act is the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. Now there are no caps on what an insurance company pays, and they can’t cancel your policy for anything other than nonpayment. Preventive services such as cancer screenings are available with no copay or deductible. Those up to 26 can stay on their parents’ policy, and the dough-nut hole is being closed. The ACA did not cure every problem, but it went a long way to making Americans healthier and giving them some economic security. It could have gone further if, in the past 7 years, Re-publicans would have been willing to work with Democrats to build on the progress instead of forcing over 60 votes to repeal all parts of the Afford-able Care Act. If we do anything now, we ought to improve the situation, not make it worse. The Republican plan makes things worse. The CBO analysis con-cluded that 24 million fewer people will have insurance, and most of those that get insurance in the future will be pay-ing more for policies that don’t deliver as much. For seniors, particularly, the costs will skyrocket. And, in fact, the pre-diction that the rates will go down in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\H22MR7.REC H22MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2320 March 22, 2017 
the future are a result of the conclu-sion that so few seniors will be able to buy insurance that they will no longer be in the insurance pool. The insurance pool would be younger, and, therefore, the costs would go down. But that is only because seniors won’t be able to afford the insurance. Therefore, the insurance pool will be younger and cheaper for those who can actually afford it, but that is not a good thing for seniors who need the in-surance and can’t afford it. So today we are considering another failed policy. The association plan ideas have been studied for years, and it has been concluded that it is a bad idea. Under the Affordable Care Act, essentially everybody pays average. If you change that arithmetic so some can pay a little less, then arithmetic matters. Everybody else is going to pay a little more. In the association plans, quite frank-ly, I will admit, they will always work for the few that can get into them. That is because, if you can draw out your own group, if they are healthier than average and can pay less, they will pay less and the association will work. But if you pull out a group and it turns out they are a little sicker than average and the bids come in above average, then the association will dissolve and everybody will go back into the insurance pool. So if you can pull out a group, they will always pay less until somebody gets sick, and then everybody jumps back into the insurance pool. The high-er cost groups will be left behind. The lower cost groups will segment out, and then the rates will go down for a few and up for everybody else. This is exactly why the American Academy of Actuaries has said that ex-panding association plans ‘‘could result in unintended consequences such as market segmentation that could threaten . . . viability and make it more difficult for high-cost individuals and groups to obtain coverage.’’ One of the other problems is a lack of regulation. If a group is allowed to cir-cumvent State regulations, that policy may be cheaper because the policy is not as good. There are a lot of ways that you can save money. You can pull out a group of just young men and save on mater-nity benefits. That would be cheaper for them but more expensive for every-body else. And what happens when a new spouse needs coverage and tries to get it as an optional benefit? They won’t be able to afford it. Workers and businessowners are like-ly to get fewer benefits under the asso-ciation approach and will be disadvan-taged compared to those in the regular pool getting comprehensive benefits. This is exactly why Consumers Union has stated that the legislation is ‘‘like-ly . . . to provide minimal and nonuni-form benefits.’’ Mr. Speaker, this bill will make it easier to set up these kinds of associa-tions and let them avoid State regula-tions, which could require solvency, nice solvency requirements, and con-sumer protections. The protections in this bill are not sufficient to protect consumers, and most States would re-quire stronger capital requirements than the bill requires. Much like the Republican replace-ment bill, this bill goes in the wrong direction, so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), the author of the bill. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I would like to start off by thanking Chairwoman F
OXX and Chairman W
ALBERG for their strong support of my bill, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us today is on an issue that has long been near and dear to my heart: association health plans. Association health plans would allow small businesses to join together and provide healthcare cov-erage just like large corporations and unions do today. Association health plans are also a central part of replacing ObamaCare with commonsense solutions. You know, ObamaCare has been an absolute disaster. My constituents in Collin County, Texas, have shared with me their negative experiences with it since it became law nearly 7 years ago. One of the groups hardest hit by ObamaCare is small businesses, the backbone of our economy. Since 2008, over one-third of businesses with fewer than 10 employees offering health in-surance have dropped insurance; and, you know, that is just wrong. Because ObamaCare is failing, we need to repeal it and replace it with better solutions for the American peo-ple. One of these solutions is my asso-ciation health plan bill. What my bill does is simply allow small businesses to join together through trade or professional organiza-tions. As we all know, the basic rule of insurance is the bigger the risk pool, the lower the cost. Furthermore, my bill allows small businesses to join together across State lines. My bill would also free small businesses from costly and bur-densome State and Federal require-ments. This isn’t anything different from what large employers and unions already do. My bill is simply about lev-eling the playing field for small busi-nesses and their hardworking employ-ees. This bill also has wide support from the business community, including the United States Chamber of Commerce, the National Federation of Independent Business, the National Retail Federa-tion, and the International Franchise Association. Not everyone knows this, but I was a small-business owner myself between my time in the Air Force and coming to Congress. In fact, I established a home building business in north Texas from scratch, so I can understand where small businesses are coming from. For example, Bob Gibbons and his wife own a commercial real estate business in my hometown of Plano, Texas. They have had a tough time ob-taining good, affordable health insur-ance, a problem that has gotten worse since ObamaCare. Bob sums up this entire issue pretty well in two sentences: ‘‘Why should someone’s status as an employee give them preferential right to decent group health coverage? Entrepreneurs are pe-nalized when they start a small busi-ness because they can’t get comparable coverage.’’ b1415 Bob’s experience underscores the en-tire point behind the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, I include Bob’s letter in the R
ECORD , along with letters from the cities of Frisco, Richardson, and Anna in my district. 
REATA C OMMERCIAL REALTY , INC., Plano, TX, March 2, 2017. Re Association Health Plans. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE JOHNSON : I would like to register my support of your recently introduced bill, H.R. 1101, which would pro-vide for association health plans. I am a small business owner in your district in Plano, Texas. My wife and I have been on a roller coaster of health coverage over the years. We were covered by employer plans when I was an employee (pre-ACA). Then we had to negotiate for an individual plan when I started my own business (pre-ACA). Then we were again covered by an employer plan when my wife went to work (post-ACA). And now that she works with me, we must navi-gate the purchase of an individual plan again, but in the post-ACA failure environ-ment. I have always thought it was ridiculous that the only decent health coverage was available to employees of companies that provided it. Why should someone’s status as an employee give them a preferential right to decent group health coverage? Entre-preneurs are penalized when they start a small business because they can’t get com-parable coverage. I was thrilled when I ran into Gabi Pate at a Plano Chamber of Commerce Public Policy Committee meeting yesterday and heard you were trying to help. Association health plans would be a step in the right direction. At least then I could get in on a group plan through trade associations, a chamber of commerce or another qualified group. I truly hope that the bill will allow for portability of that health coverage, however, so I can leave the association if I choose and still have coverage. Thank you for your leadership in this area. Please don’t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. Sincerely, B
OBGIBBONS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.046 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2321 March 22, 2017 
FRISCO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , Frisco, TX, March 22, 2017. On behalf of the Frisco Chamber of Com-merce in Frisco, Texas, I write in strong sup-port of the Small Business Health Fairness Act. The Frisco Chamber of Commerce pro-vides advocacy support for over 1,300 busi-nesses of all sizes. We consistently hear from our small business members about the hard-ship in providing appropriate and adequate healthcare for their employees at an afford-able price. This legislation will increase small businesses’ bargaining power with health insurance providers and ensure a level playing field for smaller entities that want to help their workers and families with healthcare costs. Locally owned small businesses are a huge contributor in the fabric of a business com-munity. It is through the small and medium businesses that we see the greatest job growth. It is through the small and medium businesses that we see the greatest increase in retail spending in the local communities. However, while many see the benefit of a strong small business community, they have been neglected in being able to negotiate for competitive pricing in healthcare costs. For these reasons, the Frisco Chamber of Commerce strongly supports the Small Busi-ness Health Fairness Act, which will allow small businesses the opportunity to band to-gether to provide their employees with bet-ter, more affordable health insurance cov-erage. With rising medical costs being a top concern of both individuals and employers, the impact of this increased availability of affordable insurance would be significant. Sincerely, T
ONYFELKER , President/CEO. 
RICHARDSON , TEXAS , C
HAMBER OF COMMERCE , Richardson, TX, March 21, 2017. Re Association Health Plans. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , House of Representatives, Washington DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN JOHNSON : On behalf of the Richardson Chamber of Commerce, a 5-star chamber, I write in strong support of the Small Business Health Fairness Act. This legislation will increase small businesses’ bargaining power with health insurance pro-viders and ensure a level playing field for smaller entities that want to help their workers and families with health care costs. The Richardson Chamber of Commerce com-mends you for your longstanding leadership on this important issue to the small business community. With more than 650 member or-ganizations, the Richardson Chamber of Commerce continues the goal of its founding fathers to serve as the cornerstone of eco-nomic and community development for the city of Richardson. In order to continue that growth, our small businesses must be al-lowed to offer affordable healthcare to their employees. While the small business community’s eco-nomic output is great, its negotiating power in the health care market is at a competitive disadvantage. The federal Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act, which currently permits large corporations and labor organi-zations to ‘‘self-insure’’ and offer insurance with certain exemptions from state law, does not provide small business with the same ad-vantage. The law must be reformed to em-power small employers with the ability to obtain and offer competitively priced health insurance. For these reasons, the Richardson Cham-ber of Commerce and our member compa-nies, strongly support the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which will allow small businesses the opportunity to band together to provide their employees with better, more affordable health insurance coverage. With rising medical costs being a top concern of both individuals and employers, the impact of this increased availability of affordable insurance would be significant. The Richardson Chamber commends your efforts to provide small businesses with health care options in a thoughtful and con-structive manner. We look forward to work-ing with you on this key legislation. Sincerely, WILLIAM C. S PROULL , President and CEO. 
GREATER ANNA C
HAMBER OF COMMERCE , Anna, TX, March 21, 2017. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE JOHNSON : On behalf of the Greater Anna Chamber of Commerce and our more than 200 members, including a majority of small business, I would like to show our support of the H.R. 101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. There are many small businesses in our community that cannot currently economically and effi-ciently afford healthcare for their employ-ees. We hope this legislation will help ease that affordability on both our businesses and employees. With better access to healthcare, employ-ees could be more willing to work at these smaller businesses instead of only working for larger corporations. This will help our local community by keeping our employees closer to their home, families and children’s schools. Again, we support for Small Busi-ness Health Fairness Act and look forward to a better solution to our current healthcare problem. Best Regards, K
EVIN HALL, Executive Director, Greater Anna Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, by allowing small businesses to band together, they can collectively purchase more affordable health insur-ance for their employees. Let’s get this commonsense plan passed. Let’s help those who power our economy be able to get the health care they want, need, and deserve for them-selves and their workers. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 1101. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ). Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, the concept of associa-tion health plans, AHPs, is nothing new. Versions of this bill have been around for many years. They don’t work. Currently, AHPs are regulated by the States, ensuring the ability to protect consumers. H.R. 1101, however, will yank association health plans from the realm of State oversight by federally certifying them and holding them to few, if any, regulatory requirements. This would strip the States of the abil-ity and fidelity to regulate beneficiary protections that exist to protect their citizens. Federally certifying AHPs will allow selective choice of which benefits are provided and which persons can enroll. This is a complete and total disservice to all individuals and citizens in a State’s health insurance market. Asso-ciation health plans currently exist and operate in New York State, serving many thousands of beneficiaries and avail New Yorkers’ protections, bene-fits guarantees, and avenues for appeal through the Department of Financial Services. This bill does nothing to offer guar-anteed affirmative coverage. It would permit preexisting conditions as a le-gitimate reason to exclude individuals. It has no minimum threshold for any-thing resembling essential health bene-fits, and it fails to offer a requirement for the actuarial value of the insurance product to cover total health costs. What then remains is not a health plan. In fact, what remains is strik-ingly similar to what the American Health Care Act purports to offer mil-lions of Americans: less coverage for those enrolled and more expense for those who are too sick, too old, and too poor to be approached by an AHP. AHPs would lead to higher costs for seniors and individuals who are sicker and will dilute the risk pool of entire States, leading to higher premiums and out-of-pocket expenses. Where the American Health Care Act will unilat-erally hurt all Americans, H.R. 1101 would accomplish the same harm di-rected at the sickest and most under-served in a more prejudicial manner. Mr. Speaker, I offered an amendment to this bill, which was germane, yet not made in order. My amendment would have protected the rights of the States to regulate association health plans, to include regulation of benefits, consumer protections, and rating re-strictions. The goal of my amendment was to ensure that all States and their constituents have the same security and protections that my constituents have benefited from over the past 7 years: consumer protections against surprise billing and adverse selection, provider protection for prompt claim payment and preauthorization, protec-tion for local and regional insurers so that large national insurance compa-nies cannot cherry-pick the good risk. I certainly believe and would hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle support program integrity and protecting our constituents, which is what my amendment would have made clear. Lastly, I would like to be clear that I am supportive of increasing access to health care that is comprehensive and affordable for all Americans. The bill before us does not do that. The Amer-ican Health Care Act certainly does not do that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly oppose this rolling back of health care. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Employ-ment, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.018 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2322 March 22, 2017 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act, a bill that will help people in Michigan and across the country by expanding af-fordable coverage for workers and their families. I thank our colleague, Representa-tive S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, for intro-ducing this legislation. I really enjoyed hearing the gentleman from Texas and his comments about this being com-mon sense. Representative S
AMJOHN-
SONof Texas defines common sense and patriotism. He has tirelessly cham-pioned this bill for years, and it is a pleasure to join him in pushing for these positive reforms. Mr. Speaker, health care in this country has become simply unaffordable for far too many small businesses and working families. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act has proved to be an utter failure for most people in the United States. It is snowballing out of control and roll-ing over working families and small businesses. Ninety-five percent of small busi-nesses have reported increased health insurance costs over the past 5 years. A 2015 study by the National Federation of Independent Businesses found that the cost of health insurance is the prin-cipal reason that small businesses do not offer coverage. As a result, since 2008, 36 percent of small businesses with fewer than 10 employees have stopped offering healthcare coverage to their employ-ees. It is not that they don’t want to offer healthcare benefits. The truth of the matter is that small businesses have been hit especially hard by the government takeover of health care. Under ObamaCare, the working fami-lies I speak to in my district are pay-ing more for less and finding they have fewer options for coverage. H.R. 1101 is a key part of the third phase of our efforts to reform our healthcare system so it works for all Americans. It aims to increase the ne-gotiating power of small businesses so they can bring down health insurance costs for their employees. Right now, small businesses are often on an unequal playing field with larger companies and unions. Because they have few employees, small businesses have limited bargaining power when it comes to negotiating for lower insur-ance costs for their workers. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The time of the gentleman from Michigan has expired. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, this bill levels the playing field for small businesses, allowing them to band to-gether through association health plans and negotiate the best deals to provide health care at a lower cost. It also represents an important step to-ward purchasing health insurance across State lines. Today’s vote is an immediate first step to help job creators provide afford-able healthcare options to their em-ployees and a transition toward a pa-tient-centered healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, again, as someone who was a small-business employer for 27 years and provided health benefits for my staff, I am acutely aware of the challenges in the small-business market which long pre-date passage of the Affordable Care Act and which is still something that we can do better in terms of helping folks deal with this issue, which, again, is so important because small businesses are the job creators in the American econ-omy. What I want to sort of point out is that this legislation, in my opinion, is just a complete misfire. Let’s, first of all, remind everyone that there are over 670 association health plans exist-ing in America today. The notion that the Affordable Care Act somehow is smothering or stifling association health plans is, in fact, just factually false. There are many that are in business, providing coverage, as has been said by some of the prior speakers, for people in industries like restaurants, et cetera. Again, we are not talking about some existential threat that is out there in terms of as-sociation health plans today. The guts of this bill—and it is quite extraordinary coming from, again, the Republican Party—is to preempt State Governments from having any say over the solvency and the benefit design of plans that operate under association health plans. Back in the 1990s, there was a spate of problems with association health plans going belly up because, again, there was no State insurance solvency standards to make sure that there were funds set aside to pay the bills of peo-ple who were employed in the busi-nesses that these plans were set up to serve. As a result, Congress acted. We basi-cally said that the Federal Government was doing a lousy job in terms of pro-tecting patients. And we gave States the ability, through their State insur-ance departments, to make sure that certain solvency standards were met and, as was stated earlier, that they weren’t able to cherry-pick just the healthiest and leave the rest for the other segments of the health insurance industry. As a result of the fact that we made this change, again, the State insurance commissioners all across America, Re-publican States and Democratic States, have weighed in. They sent a letter on February 28 pleading with Congress not to do this, not to pass this bill which eliminates their ability to protect the citizens of their States. So this bill is actually an anti-states’ rights bill because it is basically say-ing the Federal Government is just going to step in and wipe out the way in which these plans operate and just lead, again, a race to the bottom, the lowest threshold of protections for pa-tients; and that is considered healthcare reform or somehow advanc-ing the ball in terms of helping small businesses. There are many other ways to deal with this issue, and this is not the right one. Again, this is not some new idea that we are debating. This has been back and forth over the years, in the 1990s and the early 2000s. It pre-dates the Affordable Care Act by dec-ades, and it is just an old chestnut that is being thrown out in the floor in the name of some idea to sound like we are doing something for small businesses. Again, under the Affordable Care Act, we set up a 50 percent tax credit for businesses that qualify for it to make health insurance affordable. I did two townhalls back in my dis-trict. I had a plumber from the next town over who, again, took advantage of that 50 percent tax credit. He saved thousands of dollars in terms of pro-viding health benefits for his small business. We can expand that tax credit to get a wider universe of small businesses, and that is what we should be doing. We should be building on what is suc-cessful, again, not watering down exist-ing patient protection and consumer protection laws that ensure that plans are actually going to have enough funds to pay the bills when people get sick or go to the hospital and certainly not be able to cherry-pick what bene-fits are considered essential or not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman from Con-necticut has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, we should not be allowing health plans to decide we are not going to cover mater-nity or that they can pick and choose what essential benefits that, again, the rest of the universe of businesses have to provide now under the Affordable Care Act, which are, again, based on sound medical research, not political decisions or not just the whims of peo-ple who are running health plans, like association health plans. Again, this is the wrong approach. This is, again, turning the clock back-wards. It is not going to provide any protections, and it certainly is not re-sponding to some existential threat of association health plans. There are 672 in operation today. Let’s help them with programs like tax credits. Let’s not just sort of turn that whole sector of the health insurance marketplace into the Wild West because it is pa-tients who are going to lose. Our citi-zens are going to lose. We can do better than that as a Congress. Mr. Speaker, again, I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this measure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.049 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2323 March 22, 2017 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE), a distinguished col-league, a member of the committee, and the chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. b1430 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fair-ness Act, sponsored by my good friend and true American hero, S
AMJOHNSON . I encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. This bill is an important tool to help empower small businesses to offer more affordable healthcare op-tions to their employees. Mr. Speaker, as a former small-busi-ness owner myself, I know that most small-business owners want to do the right thing and offer health insurance to their employees. We did so in my practice. But many of these businesses are struggling with the cost and complex-ities of offering health insurance to their employees. ObamaCare has exac-erbated this problem for small busi-nesses. Thousands of jobs and thou-sands of small businesses have closed. We have a better way. We are going to start by passing the American Health Care Act, which will repeal many of ObamaCare’s taxes and man-dates and replace it with free market reforms. But there is much more that can be done. Perhaps the only thing that has prevented ObamaCare from causing even more widespread damage was the success of ERISA, employer-sponsored health insurance. We believe small businesses deserve the same protections that large busi-nesses do, and that is why we are pass-ing this legislation today. The Small Business Health Fairness Act takes positive steps toward creating a more competitive healthcare marketplace, lowering insurance costs for many small employers. Mr. Speaker, why would anybody care if association health plans got to-gether and allowed me to purchase in-surance across a State line? I have a community in my district where the State line on one side of the street is Bristol, Virginia, on the other side is Bristol, Tennessee. Why would it matter? Why couldn’t I purchase that insurance across the State line if it helped my employees and lowered costs? And, by the way, Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act is working so well for consumers that 18 out of 23 of the co-ops went broke, leaving hundreds of thousands of people to search for insur-ance coverage. For the past 8 years, House Repub-licans have engaged the administration and encouraged them to work with us to implement a more patient-centered healthcare system; but, instead of working with us on a common goal, they have layered on additional costs for small businesses. I again want to encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 1101. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, would the Chair advise us how much time is available on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 141⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from North Carolina has 16
3⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to point out a few letters that we have received, one from the Diabetes Association, which includes, in part: ‘‘The Associa-tion has serious concerns that AHPs would lead to a two-tiered market, in which AHPs offer inadequate coverage to healthy groups only, while State- regulated plans provide adequate cov-erage with consumer protections but at an increasingly higher premiums. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, H.R. 1101.’’ We have also received a letter, Mr. Speaker, from the National Associa-tion of Insurance Commissioners. They said in their letter: ‘‘The legislation as written would eliminate all State con-sumer protections and solvency stand-ards that ensure consumers receive the coverage for which they pay their monthly premium. These protections are the very core of a State regulatory system that has protected consumers for nearly 150 years . . . history has demonstrated that AHP-type entities have done more harm than good to small businesses.’’ Mr. Speaker, we also received a letter from The Main Street Alliance, which said: ‘‘In short, H.R. 1101 would result in higher premiums and poorer cov-erage for the most vulnerable small- business owners, would destabilize the small group market, and would lead small-business owners and employees to assume unnecessary financial risks.’’ We also heard from the Consumers Union: ‘‘Consumer’s Union has long raised the inadequacies of AHPs . . . and urges Congress to reject them as likely to fragment the insurance risk pool and provide minimal and nonuni-form benefits exempt from State ben-efit mandates.’’ We also heard from a long coalition of consumer groups, providers, and labor unions which said that this bill would just move backward to a two- tiered system that makes it harder to purchase comprehensible, affordable coverage for all but a minority of small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  these letters. 
AMERICAN DIABETES ASSOCIATION , March 21, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the nearly 30 million Americans living with diabetes and the 86 million more with prediabetes, the American Diabetes As-sociation (Association) is writing to express our strong opposition to the Small Business Health Fairness Act (H.R. 1101). This legisla-tion is nearly identical to legislation consid-ered by previous Congresses and that last passed the House of Representatives in 2003. The Association opposed that legislation and writes now to express our strong concerns with this bill and the impact it will have for people with, and at risk for, diabetes. The legislation would create federally cer-tified association health plans (AHPs) with the goal of making coverage more affordable for small businesses by allowing them to band together to purchase coverage on behalf of a larger insurance pool. We share the goal of making coverage more affordable, but not at the expense of required consumer protec-tions, signed into law in 47 states, which en-sure people with diabetes have access to the services and financial protection they need. H.R. 1101 would broadly exempt AHPs from critical state benefit standards, solvency rules, and consumer protections, including requirements to cover health services essen-tial to those with diabetes. Specifically, H.R. 1101 would confer on AHPs wide authority to: Determine benefits to be covered: Other than requiring AHPs to meet limited federal requirements for ERISA-governed plans, H.R. 1101 would give AHPs broad discretion to omit important health benefits. Determine eligibility for coverage: While H.R. 1101 would require AHPs to comply with ERISA non-discrimination provisions, the AHP board would retain sole discretion to approve applications for participation in the plan and to set premiums based on an em-ployer’s health care claims experience. Maintain inadequate reserves: H.R. 1101 ap-plies federally determined solvency stand-ards that are weaker than state standards, exposing plan members to the risk of insol-vency and unpaid medical bills. Because AHPs would compete with state- regulated plans on an uneven playing field, they would likely cherry-pick healthy small employer groups, making the risk pool in the state-regulated market less healthy and more costly. In addition, those who obtain coverage through an AHP would likely have benefits that lack coverage for essential services and would expose them to higher out-of-pocket costs and potential plan insol-vencies. In fact, numerous AHPs offered in the past have gone insolvent and left con-sumers uninsured and with unpaid medical bills. The Association has serious concerns that AHPs would lead to a two-tiered market, in which AHPs offer inadequate coverage to healthy groups only, while state-regulated plans provide adequate coverage with con-sumer protections but at increasingly higher premiums. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, H.R. 1101. If you have questions or would like to dis-cuss this issue, please contact Rob Gold-smith, Director, Federal Government Af-fairs. Sincerely, LASHAWN MCIVER, MD, MPH, Senior Vice President of Advocacy, American Diabetes Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.051 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2324 March 22, 2017 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF INSUR -
ANCE COMMISSIONERS & THECEN-
TER FOR INSURANCE POLICY AND  R
ESEARCH , February 28, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chair, Committee on Education and the Work-force, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT C. S COTT, Ranking Member, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMADAME CHAIRWOMAN AND MR. RANK-
INGMEMBER : The U.S. House Education and the Workforce Committee is once again scheduled to consider legislation that would allow a new category of health insurance company, ‘‘Association Health Plans (AHPs),’’ to form and operate outside the au-thority of state regulators and beyond the reach of proven state consumer protections and solvency laws. This bill, H.R. 1101, would adversely impact consumers and the Na-tional Association of Insurance Commis-sioners (NAIC) urges you to oppose it. The NAIC, which represents the nation’s insurance regulators, shares the sponsors’ concern for the growing number of small business owners and employees who cannot afford adequate coverage. However, the root cause of this problem is the steadily rising cost of healthcare merely reflected in pre-miums, and this legislation would do nothing to address that reality. In fact, we fear the legislation could actually increase the cost of insurance for many small businesses whose employees are not members of an AHP. Even more troubling than prescribing a treatment that does not address the under-lying disease, the legislation would actually harm consumers by further segmenting the small group market, eliminating critical state consumer protections, and could lead to increased fraud and plan failures. This legislation would encourage AHPs to ‘‘cher-ry-pick’’ healthy groups by designing benefit packages and setting rates so that unhealthy groups are disadvantaged. This, in turn, would make existing state risk pools even riskier and more expensive for insurance car-riers, thus making it even harder for sick groups to afford insurance. In addition, the legislation as written would eliminate all state consumer protections and solvency standards that ensure consumers receive the coverage for which they pay their monthly premium. These protections are the very core of a state regulatory system that has protected consumers for nearly 150 years. As we have already seen in the past when such plans were allowed under federal law, con-sumers will be left with unpaid claims and nowhere to turn when they are harmed. A prior law along the lines of H.R. 1101 was re-pealed because it was found to harm con-sumers; the same mistake should not be made again. We recognize that supporters of AHPs are well intentioned, looking for solutions to the same problems we are seeking to address, but history has demonstrated that AHP-type entities have done more harm than good to small businesses. A far broader approach to the existing problems—one that addresses healthcare spending, allows more innova-tion, and permits more state flexibility—is necessary to bring real relief to small busi-nesses. The federal government and the states need to work with healthcare pro-viders, insurers and consumers to implement effective reforms that will curb spending and make insurance more affordable to small businesses. Rehashing strategies that have failed would not be a step forward. It is time to move on and find more effective solutions. Sincerely, T
EDNICKEL , NAIC President, Com-missioner, Wisconsin Office of the Com-missioner of Insur-ance. ERICA. C IOPPA , NAIC Vice President, Superintendent, Maine Bureau of In-surance. J
ULIE MIXMCPEAK, NAIC President-Elect, Commissioner, Ten-nessee Department of Commerce & In-surance. D
AVID C. M ATTAX , NAIC Secretary-Treas-urer, Commissioner of Insurance, Texas Department of In-surance. 
THEMAINSTREET ALLIANCE , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Chairwoman V
IRGINIA FOXX, Washington, DC. Ranking Member B
OBBY SCOTT, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRWOMAN FOXX, RANKING MEMBER  S
COTT, AND MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE EDU-
CATION AND WORKFORCE COMMITTEE : On be- half of the Main Street Alliance, I write to express opposition to the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act’’ (H.R. 1101). The Main Street Alliance is a national network of small business owners across the country. Access to affordable, high-quality health coverage has been a core concern for small businesses for years, and slowing the sky-rocketing rate increases continues to be a top priority for our membership. Unfortu-nately, the proposed legislation would erode important gains in premium stabilization while causing our business owners to assume unnecessary financial risks. As you may know, prior to the Affordable Care Act (ACA) small business owners paid substantially more on average for health coverage and received fewer comprehensive benefits than larger companies. They also experienced broad unpredictability in costs, with premiums varying wildly from year to year. One employee’s expensive illness could cause the insurance rates for the whole firm to spike in subsequent years. Critical market reforms instituted through the ACA addressed many of these concerns. Insurance companies in the individual and small-group market—including association health plans—can no longer charge small firms higher premiums based on their busi-ness sector, an employee’s health status, age, or gender. Nor can they offer sub-par plans that exclude essential services, such as maternity care or pediatric care. Instead, they must now base their pricing on the cost of covering all individuals in the market, not just one firm. Participating in this larger risk pool means that small business owners, like their larger counterparts, are no longer vulnerable to sharp swings in their rates based on the health of a few employees. It also means that they can expect a basic quality assurance with any health plan they select. H.R. 1101 would undermine these protec-tions by allowing small employer groups and individuals to join together to obtain health insurance through an unregulated associa-tion health plan (AHP). These plans would be exempt from the ACA reforms identified above, along with any state laws. This would allow them to ‘‘cherry pick’’ good risk through the design of the benefit package or choice of service area. AHPs could also have limited risk simply due to the types of busi-nesses that belong to the association. While AHPs may save money in the short-term by avoiding costs of consumer protections, en-rollees would receive less robust coverage and may be left without important protec-tions right when they need them the most. Furthermore, the bill would destabilize the small group and individual market by exac-erbating adverse selection, driving up costs for the most vulnerable enrollees. Under the proposed legislation, AHPs would compete with other small group and individual mar-ket plans. The proposed legislation would allow employers with younger, healthier workforces to withdraw their employees from a state’s small group market thus leav-ing behind small businesses with older and sicker employees. While the rates may drop for those businesses that belong to associa-tions, which offer health coverage, premiums will increase for the remaining. This adverse selection would make it harder for higher- cost individuals or groups to obtain cov-erage. Finally, the proposed legislation could ex-pose employers and employees to financial ruin. The proposed legislation would allow certain AHPs to self-insure and accept insur-ance risk. Because of the current regulatory void, AHPs are not subject to state solvency requirements that are in place to ensure in-surance companies have sufficient resources to avoid financial failure. As with unregu-lated multiple employer welfare arrange-ments, AHPs could experience bank-ruptcies—leaving millions of small employ-ers and workers without health coverage due to insolvencies. In short, H.R. 1101 would result in higher premiums and poorer coverage for the most vulnerable small business owners, would de-stabilize the small group market, and would lead small business owners and employees to assume unnecessary financial risks. The Main Street Alliance strongly urges you to oppose the legislation. Please feel free to contact Michelle Sternthal, Policy Director for the Main Street Alliance, with any questions. Sincerely, A
MANDA BALLANTYNE , National Director. 
CONSUMERS UNION, March 21, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : We are writing today to oppose the Small Business Health Fairness Act (H.R. 1101) and the proposed rules for association health plans. Today, small businesses are already able to join together to purchase coverage through Association Health Plans (AHPs). These AHPs are currently regulated by the states, just like other insurance in the small group market. H.R. 1101 would allow an AHP to be entirely exempt from state regulation by being self-insured or following the rules of a single state nationwide. ConsumersUnion has long raised the inad-equacies of AHPs as a solution to improving access and strengthening the health of insur-ance markets, and urges Congress to reject them as likely to fragment the insurance risk pool and to provide minimal and non- uniform benefits exempt from state benefit mandates. These plans would split the healthy from the sick and drive up costs for those who do not enroll in them. As a non-partisan, independent organiza-tion that has advocated for the best con-sumer products and policies for more than 80 years, we believe that altering the rules for AHPs as proposed in this bill would under-mine consumers’ access to fairly priced, quality health coverage. Our objections are that: AHPs would be offered alongside other small group and individual market plans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.021 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2325 March 22, 2017 
However, they would operate under different rules. Past experience shows this is likely to lead to cherry-picking, adverse selection, and increased costs for sicker individuals and small businesses. Put another way, this would lead to health risk being segmented with the less healthy consumers excluded from the AHP risk pool. A core, long-held ConsumersUnion principle is to support broad pooling of risk as fairer and more cost- effective for consumers. We do not support lower rates for healthiest consumers at the expense of older or sicker consumers. This Act would undermine state consumer protection laws by restricting the ability of states to regulate AHPs. This loss of protec-tions could lead to increased fraud, inad-equate coverage and consumer-unfriendly benefit designs. In July 2003, Consumer Re-ports profiled similar plans in a story enti-tled Phony Health Insurance. The story noted that fraudulent sales and financial in-stability stiffed consumers for $65 million in unpaid medical bills. This Act would give AHPs sole discretion to select what type of care they will and will not include in their products; this is a depar-ture from current policy, which only permits AHPs that meet insurance standards set for the individual and small group market. Con-sumers who buy into these plans will lose the guarantees of care created by the ACA’s essential health benefits and actuarial value requirements—likely unknowingly—and will have difficulty knowing what AHPs cover. It is unlikely that these AHPs will be able to attract enough members to be able to ne-gotiate more effectively with providers, com-pared to large insurers already operating in these states. Consequently, we do not believe that these designs will lower costs for con-sumers. Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangements (MEWAs) once operated in a regulatory vac-uum similar to the one proposed through H.R. 1101. Self-funded MEWAs had no clear regulatory authority, as initially it appeared that ERISA exempted them from state-level regulatory oversight. Multiple MEWA bank-ruptcies resulted, and consumers had limited avenue for redress. In the absence of clear regulatory authority over AHPs, insolven-cies could leave millions of small employers and workers without health coverage or re-dress. Current state solvency standards have a 150 year track record of protecting con-sumers and should not be undermined. We believe there are much better, time- tested ways to increase the availability, af-fordability, and accessibility of health insur-ance for consumers—approaches that rely on the wise and accepted insurance principles of broad pooling of risks and avoidance of risk selection—without resorting to the detri-mental effects of H.R. 1101. We note that the National Association of Insurance Commis-sioners, as well as the American Academy of Actuaries, has similar, grave concerns about this Act. Sincerely, L
AURA MACCLEERY , Vice President, Con-sumer Policy and Mobilization, Con-sumer Reports. L
YNNQUINCY , Associate Director, Health Policy, Con-sumer Policy and Mobilization, Con-sumer Reports. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the distinguished chairman of the Small Business Com-mittee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my strong support for H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. I thank my colleagues from Ways and Means and from the Education and the Work-force Committee for getting this great idea onto paper and moving this bill forward today. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I am always very appreciative to see Members from across this body find solutions for small businesses. That is exactly what this bill is. For virtually any one of us in this Chamber, it can be said that hundreds of thousands of our constituents de-pend on small businesses for their live-lihoods. They have been looking to those same small businesses for op-tions, as ObamaCare has done the oppo-site of what it was supposed to do and it has diminished choices for workers. By allowing small businesses to join together through association health plans, the Small Business Health Fair-ness Act would give small business em-ployees at least as many choices as those who happen to work for larger companies. Association health plans have long been a solution suggested by small businesses that share their views with me and other members of the Small Business Committee. This bill puts that idea finally into action. Mr. Speaker, in our current state of affairs, there are fewer and fewer healthcare options available for hard-working Americans. This bill addresses that problem for our hardest hit small businesses and communities. While we begin the hard work of making health care not only affordable but worth buying at all, this bill is an important step in giving Americans the certainty and choices that they want. I would urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), a member of our committee. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her leadership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Since 2008, the number of small busi-nesses offering health insurance to its employees has dwindled nearly 36 per-cent. The culprit? Well, ObamaCare. You know, the American people de-serve choice. I have lived this reality. I owned and operated a small business for over 40 years back home in Georgia. I know how ObamaCare premium in-creases hurt and, in some cases, affect a business’ ability to provide health care for its employees. I believe the greatest gift God gave me as a small-business owner was the ability to give others a good job along with the dignity and respect they de-serve to provide for their family, their community, their church, and, yes, this Nation. All hardworking American small- business owners should be able to give their employees these same opportuni-ties. For this reason, I am a strong sup-porter of the Small Business Health Fairness Act legislation, which would allow small businesses to band to-gether and purchase health care for workers and their families at a lower cost. Folks, this is innovation. This is what the small business community does. Small businesses are the back-bone of America. I will fight for their strength and their survival. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ), a member of the committee. Mr. MITCHELL. I thank the gentle-woman from North Carolina for yield-ing me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Small Business Health Fairness Act. We have all talked a lot about our plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This legislation is a key component of our rescue mission for health care in Amer-ica. Small businesses have been hit par-ticularly hard by ObamaCare’s man-dates, skyrocketing costs, and limited choices. Small-business owners, many of whom want to provide health care for their employees, have told me that they are struggling to do so because of ObamaCare. This legislation would level the play-ing field for small businesses by allow-ing them to band together to increase bargaining power to lower costs. It would expand affordable care for fami-lies trying to secure health insurance through their employer and lower costs for small businesses with limited re-sources. In addition, this bill includes strong protections for patients with pre-existing conditions, a top priority of mine and many of my colleagues as we work for healthcare reform in America. Today we are acting on our promises to deliver relief from ObamaCare. We are returning power where it belongs, choice where it belongs: to patients and doctors, not Washington. I urge you to support the Small Busi-ness Health Fairness Act. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the bad idea in this plan has been exposed in one of the letters that I mentioned. I said there are a lot of consumer groups, and I just want to name the groups that signed the letter. The American Nurses Association; the Alliance for Retired Americans; the American Cancer Society Cancer Ac-tion Network; the American Diabetes Association; the American Federation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.024 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2326 March 22, 2017 
of State, County and Municipal Em-ployees; the Association of Reproduc-tive Health Professionals; Bazelon Cen-ter for Mental Health Law; Community Catalyst; Consumers Union; Families USA; International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricul-tural Implement Workers of America— the UAW; NARAL Pro-Choice America; the National Council of La Raza; the National Education Association; the National Institute for Reproductive Health; National Partnership for Women and Families; National Wom-en’s Health Network; Raising Women’s Voices for the Health Care We Need; and the Service Employees Inter-national Union all oppose this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS), a member of our committee. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership here and on the committee as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. It is amazing as a freshman in this body to watch this debate over what we are trying to do on this side when we know what has already transpired, what has been done: The Affordable Care Act was going to lower our premiums $2,500. That is what the President said. But they went up by $4,800. In my home State of Minnesota, we have seen back-to-back increases of 55 and 67 percent, 100,000 people thrown off their plan. We have got 1,000 counties in this country with just one insurer. The exchanges are imploding. As young, healthy people can’t afford the premiums, they drop out, and the pools only have the older and the sicker. We have job lock, where people try-ing to start a small business can’t get the same tax advantages or purchasing power as those in big companies. So what to do? We are going to sta-bilize the insurance markets through choice and competition, and that is what H.R. 1101 does. It lowers pre-miums. It enlarges pools. We do that. We must do that to save the health in-surance markets and health care in America. That is the agenda of H.R. 1101. That is the agenda of what we are trying to do in global healthcare re-form. So today, as we debate how to fix health care in America, let us not for-get the status quo and the debacle it is. So I stand and I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I further urge my colleagues to finish the job over what we are starting on real healthcare re-form. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quote from another let-ter that we received from Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. They say: ‘‘We have very serious concerns that H.R. 1101 would create preferential rules that would allow an AHP to be entirely exempt from State regulation by being self-insured or follow the rules of a sin-gle State nationwide. Research clearly shows that creating special rules for AHPs and exempting them from State regulation would lead to major prob-lems, including . . . increased insol-vency risk . . . increased costs for older, sicker workers.’’ Therefore, they are also in opposition to this legisla-tion. I include in the RECORD the entire letter. 
BLUECROSS BLUESHIELD ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, March 7, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chair, Committee on Education and the Work-force, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT C. S COTT, Ranking Member, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMADAM CHAIRWOMAN AND MR. RANK-
INGMEMBER : The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association shares your commitment to en-suring small employers are able to provide their employees with high quality, afford-able health coverage. However, we are con-cerned that H.R. 1101, the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act’’ would not accomplish this critical goal, as it does not reflect key principles that are essential to ensuring a viable private health insurance market: (1) all competitors should abide by the same set of rules; and (2) states should have clear au-thority to regulate. Today, small businesses are able to join to-gether to purchase coverage through associa-tion health plans (AHPs). AHPs are cur-rently regulated by the states, just like other insurance in the small group market, and can be a good option for small employers who want to provide their employees with af-fordable coverage. We have very serious concerns that H.R. 1101 would create preferential rules that would allow an AHP to be entirely exempt from state regulation by being self-insured or follow the rules of a single state nation-wide. Research clearly shows that creating special rules for AHPs and exempting them from state regulation would lead to major problems, including: Increased insolvency risk: The legislation as drafted would allow for some AHPs to be entirely exempt from state regulation, and instead operate under very limited federal rules and oversight. Past experiences with these kinds of arrangements left millions without health coverage and unpaid claims due to insolvencies. Increased costs for older, sicker workers: Ultimately, H.R. 1101 would make it much harder for small employers with older, sicker workers to obtain coverage. This is because lower-cost groups would move to a more loosely regulated AHP with fewer benefit and rating rules, while older and/or high-cost groups would remain in traditional insur-ance plans. Attached is a compendium of research find-ings, which provides overwhelming evidence that AHP legislation would make health in-surance less accessible, less affordable and less secure for small employers and indi-vidual consumers. We look forward to working with you on solutions that can be taken to improve ac-cess and affordability for small employers. Sincerely, A
LISSA FOX, Senior Vice President. b1445 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, association plans will help the fortunate few who can get in so long as the members of that associa-tion remain healthier than average. But everybody else will pay more. Fur-thermore, these plans, when they are formed under the bill, will evade im-portant State regulations that could improve solvency and provide impor-tant consumer protections. This is not unlike the philosophy, I guess, on the other replace bill where 24 million fewer people will have insur-ance; the rest will pay more and get less; while millionaires benefit with huge tax cuts. In this, the fortunate few benefit to the expense of everybody else. I would hope we would defeat the leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have spent a lot of their time extolling ObamaCare and indicating that we should just stay with what we have, but we all know that ObamaCare is failing. Republicans are on a rescue mission. We truly do have a better way. As some of my colleagues have stated, we will be passing the American Health Care Act tomorrow. What we are doing here with this bill is something we could not include in that legislation that will round out what it is we want to do with keeping our promise in what we prom-ised last year in our program called A Better Way. Let me just talk a little bit about the failures of ObamaCare. As my col-leagues have said, all the promises were broken: if you wanted to keep your doctor, you could keep your doc-tor; if you wanted to keep your healthcare plan, you could keep your healthcare plan. Those promises were the most obvious ones that went away. The cost of health care would be going down, and none of that happened. Mr. Speaker, in addition to that, there is a 25 percent average increase in premiums this year for millions of Americans trapped in ObamaCare, healthcare.gov exchanges. Nearly one- third of U.S. counties have only one in-surer offering exchange plans; 4.7 mil-lion Americans were kicked off their healthcare plans by ObamaCare. There was $1 trillion in new taxes, mostly falling on families and job creators; 18 failed ObamaCare co-ops out of 23, which my colleague from Tennessee so eloquently pointed out. These were established as an alter-native to the public option. Those healthcare co-ops collapsed, costing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.053 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2327 March 22, 2017 
taxpayers nearly 1.9 billion and forcing patients to find new insurance; $53 bil-lion in new regulations requiring more than 176,800,000 hours of paperwork. ObamaCare regulations are driving up healthcare premiums and costing small-business employees at least $19 billion annually. As I said in the hearing that we had on this bill, the Democrats want a co-ercive system. Republicans want a sys-tem based on freedom. Today we have an opportunity to make a real difference in the lives of hardworking men and women who are employed by small business. We have an opportunity to deliver much-needed relief to small-business owners who are trying to do the right thing and pro-vide high-quality healthcare coverage for their employees. This legislation represents a truly positive reform that will help lower healthcare costs for working families and put small busi-nesses on a fair and level playing field. Small businesses are the backbone of our Nation’s economy, and there is no reason why they should be at a dis-advantage when it comes to finding an affordable healthcare plan. They should be treated in the same fashion as larger businesses and have the abil-ity to craft healthcare plans that meet the needs of their employees. If we want to encourage small businesses to offer health care at a lower cost to workers, this is one commonsense step we can make. Again, I thank our colleague, Con-gressman S
AMJOHNSON , a true patriot and servant of this country, for his longtime support of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which will help more Americans access high-quality, afford-able health care. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . HERRERA  
BEUTLER  
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of section 6 the following: (c) C
OORDINATION WITH EXISTING LAW.— Nothing in this Act shall require plans to be-come certified under section 802 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended by this Act, or require plans that are not certified under such section to comply with the requirements under part 8 of such Act, except to the extent provided in section 809 of such Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 210, the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ER-
RERA BEUTLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman F
OXX and the Committee on Education and the Workforce for their work on this important bill that will benefit small businesses and the families who work for them. My amendment to the Small Busi-ness Health Fairness Act provides a straightforward clarification to ensure that existing association health plans can continue to operate and provide high-quality, affordable care to as many people as possible. This amendment safeguards associa-tion health plans that have been suc-cessfully operating under State and Federal law—many of them for dec-ades. We will be making certain that they would not inadvertently be dis-advantaged by new Federal legislation or regulation or vulnerable to efforts to restrict access and limit choices. Why do we need this amendment? Because I fear what happened in my State will happen in others, where the insurance commissioner attempted to reject 42 out of about 60 association health plans. His office interpreted ObamaCare as giving him a mandate as justification for attempting to elimi-nate virtually all of these popular plans. By adopting my amendment, it will make crystal clear in the under-lying bill that this won’t be tolerated, and it will support both existing and future association health plans. Talk to one of the nearly 400,000 indi-viduals in my home State of Wash-ington who get their care from an asso-ciation plan, and you will find out why so many Washington businesses renew their plans every year. Our State has been fortunate to have a robust AHP market that has become essential to providing cost-effective choices to small-business employers, thanks to bipartisan legislation en-acted in the mid-1990s. In the case of one association plan operating in my State, roughly 40 percent of partici-pating small-business employers did not previously offer health coverage. My amendment is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. In its let-ter to me, which I include in the RECORD , the U.S. Chamber indicated that it shares my interest in making sure that State-based association health plans that currently exist are able to continue operating in accord-ance with existing State and Federal law. My amendment is also supported by the Association of Washington Busi-ness. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 20, 2017. Hon. J
AIME HERRERA BEUTLER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSWOMAN HERRERA BEUTLER : Thank you for your attention to the con-cerns raised by the Association of Wash-ington Businesses regarding H.R. 1101, the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act.’’ The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has several state chambers of commerce members that pro-vide state-based quality health care coverage to their member companies. The Chamber shares your interest in making sure that the state-based Association Health Plans that currently exist are able to continue to oper-ate in accordance with existing state and federal law without being disadvantaged by this new federal legislation. The Chamber appreciates your commit-ment to small businesses and to ensuring that current affordable coverage options continue to be available alongside new op-tions in a nondiscriminatory and fair envi-ronment. Thank you for your dedication and efforts, and we look forward to continuing to work with you to advance the priorities and interest of business. Sincerely, RANDEL K. J OHNSON . 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I am confident that the un-derlying legislation before us today will improve the ability of small busi-nesses to access affordable, high-qual-ity health coverage in every State across the country. However, first, this body should, as clearly as possible, en-sure that those States that already have successfully operating association health plans are not disrupted, which is what my amendment would do. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I thank the chair-woman for her work on this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the intent of the amend-ment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington, which seems to allow health association plans that are cur-rently in existence to continue to oper-ate under existing State and Federal law. In fact, giving States the ability to regulate association plans is very important. That is why I oppose the underlying bill. The amendment also points out an-other interesting fact, and that is asso-ciations currently exist under current law, and the underlying bill simply unravels most of the regulations that apply to them, and this amendment would at least maintain State regula-tions. We know that this bill creates win-ners and losers. The winners are those who are young and healthy enough to be invited into an association. The los-ers are small businesses and employers who are older, sicker, or just have more costly health bills. There is no guarantee that plans under this legisla-tion will have the standard level of benefits or consumer protections, and that is why I am disappointed that the majority failed to rule any Democratic amendments submitted to the Rules Committee in order, although each and every one was germane. The gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ), who is a member of the committee, offered an amendment that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.055 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2328 March 22, 2017 
would have protected the ability of the States to regulate any association health plan, including regulation re-lated to benefits, consumer protec-tions, and rating restrictions. Rep-resentative T
ORRES from California of-fered an amendment to ensure that as-sociation plans cover 10 essential health benefits under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. One amendment was offered by Rep-resentatives S
USAN DAVIS of California and S
UZANNE BONAMICI from Oregon— both committee members—would have required association plans to provide for women’s health benefits, including maternity care. Representatives B
ONAMICI , DAVIS, and W
ILSON also offered an amendment to prevent this legislation from taking ef-fect if it would lead to increased pre-miums for older workers. These older workers will not be able to get into the associations because they would in-crease average costs of the association, and the point of the association is to get away from high-cost enrollees like older Americans. So these older people will be left out of the pool with other older and sicker workers where they will necessarily be paying more. It is simple arithmetic. Their amend-ment would have been particularly im-portant because we know that the Re-publican replacement plan contains an age tax that will severely disadvantage older populations. None of the Democratic amendments, although germane, were allowed under the rule, and there does not seem to be any earnest attempt to look to try to correct the shortcomings of the bill. So while I do not intend to oppose this amendment, I do not think the amend-ment is enough of an improvement of the bill, nor does it change the under-lying fact that the legislation does not adequately protect small businesses, workers, and their families, nor does it help those left behind who are not in-vited into the association who will nec-essarily be paying more. Mr. Speaker, if those on the other side of the aisle want to go on a rescue mission, they ought to improve things, not make things worse. For most Americans, this bill will make things worse, and, tomorrow, 24 million Amer-icans will be left out while many oth-ers will be paying more for less while millionaires get huge tax cuts. That is not an improvement. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to say that part of the reason this underlying bill is so critical is because we just don’t believe one size fits all. When it comes to health coverage, we need to make sure that there are many different op-tions for families, individuals, and businesses. We are clarifying basically a technical change here that allows continued existing plans to operate. Who can be opposed to existing plans operating and offering more options and more plans? This is exactly what Republicans are doing right now. We are fighting to make sure that the families and the people we represent have those options and their choices, that they can keep their doctor, that their health pre-miums will come down, that they can maybe get a plan through their work, or maybe they will be able to get into the individual market and self-insure— options—because one size does not fit all, which is why this bill is crucial and why my amendment to this bill makes it better. That is why we are going to move forward and make sure that more Americans have access to care—not just on paper—but care that gets them to in to the doctor, that gets them the care that they need, whether it is a specialist or a primary care doctor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I would point out that when one size fits all, everybody can benefit; but when you start picking and choosing winners and losers, some will benefit and many others will lose. Under this bill, a fortunate few who get into asso-ciation plans will benefit; everybody else loses. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Wash-ington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). The question is on the amendment by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1500 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. SHEA-PORTER. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Shea-Porter moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1101 to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 15, after line 22, insert the following: ‘‘(6) S
UBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREAT -
MENT .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), the plan provides for coverage for substance use disorder treatment, including opioid use dis-order treatment, consistent with the sub-stance use disorder services defined as an es-sential health benefit by the Secretary under subparagraph (E) of section 1302(b)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(b)(1)).’’. Ms. SHEA-PORTER (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Hampshire? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the families and communities across the Nation that are confronting a pub-lic health threat of our time: the her-oin, fentanyl, and prescription opioid crisis. This motion would simply ensure that the health insurance plans that today’s bill would permit must still cover substance use disorder treat-ment, including for opioids, as an es-sential health benefit. Under current law, we require insur-ers to cover this treatment. Before the Affordable Care Act, many insurers ei-ther didn’t cover treatment at all or imposed onerous requirements that blocked people from getting needed care. H.R. 1101 would roll back that guar-antee. It would allow association health plans to return to the kind of skimpy coverage that left so many peo-ple struggling with an opioid disorder in dire straits at critical moments. We know there is often a narrow window of opportunity—after an overdose, for ex-ample—for someone to commit to treatment, and these are the moments when being able to make a single phone call can make all the difference. This week’s debate about health care is extremely important. Will we decide to work together to improve the Amer-ican people’s access to quality, afford-able health care or weaken benefits and kick 24 million or more of our constitu-ents off their plans? We all need to speak up on behalf of those whose lives have been turned around because they can now access health care. As I talk to families, medical profes-sionals, and law enforcement officials in my district, I hear stories that high-light the dramatic impact that im-proved access to coverage has had in making treatment a real option for people with substance use disorder. This week, we see that base of coverage is under serious threat. In fact, experts estimate that repealing the Affordable Care Act’s coverage provisions would cause about 2.8 million Americans with a substance use disorder to lose some or all of their coverage. The quality of that coverage is also at risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.058 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2329 March 22, 2017 
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, insurance must now cover treatment for behavioral health and substance use disorder, just the same as it would cover any other medical service. These parity protections mean insurers must cover treatment for substance use dis-order with comparable cost-sharing, with no surprises like annual visit lim-its, higher copays, or frequent preauthorization requirements and medical necessity reviews. Badly needed facilities are opening because plans now cover these services. I recently visited a recovery home for pregnant women and new mothers in my district. They were able to open the doors this year in my hometown only because it could rely on Medicaid ex-pansion. Legislation like H.R. 1101 would cause fewer people to have this coverage, meaning fewer facilities can open and treat. Many of you know that my home State of New Hampshire is on the front lines of the heroin, fentanyl, and pre-scription opioid crisis. Our commu-nities are struggling, and helping peo-ple get treatment is key to turning the tide. I have met people who couldn’t be in a recovery facility without Medicaid expansion. Today, Members of Congress can say to my constituents in New Hampshire and their constituents across this great Nation: we hear you. We know your sons and daughters, your nieces and nephews, your neighbors and friends are struggling, and we have your back. We believe all Americans deserve good health insurance they can count on when they need it most. We aren’t going to pull the rug out from under people who are about to turn their lives around. I urge my colleagues to support this motion, which would not delay passage of the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this motion is nothing more than a last-ditch at-tempt to defeat a commonsense bill that will help expand access to afford-able healthcare coverage for working families. In fact, this motion rep-resents the same failed approach to health care we have experienced in re-cent years. We have seen what happens when the Federal Government dictates the kind of health insurance individuals can and cannot buy. Healthcare costs sky-rocket and patients have fewer choices. While our Democrat colleagues offer a motion that doubles down on a failed approach to health care, my Repub-lican colleagues and I are offering the American people a better way. The Small Business Health Fairness Act is about empowering individuals, families, and small-business owners so more Americans have access to afford-able healthcare coverage. By rejecting this motion and supporting the under-lying bill, we can take an important step in keeping our promise to deliver free-market, patient-centered healthcare solutions. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1238. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 179, nays 233, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 185] YEAS—179 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Clyburn Larson (CT) Lawrence Lieu, Ted McEachin Moore Nunes Payne Richmond Rush Sinema Slaughter Takano Tsongas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.061 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2330 March 22, 2017 
b1530 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. GOSAR, and YOUNG of Alaska changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on March 22nd, 2017—I was not present for rollcall vote 185. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 175, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 186] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Clyburn Fortenberry Graves (GA) Hudson Lawrence Lieu, Ted Moore Payne Richmond Rush Sinema Slaughter Takano Tsongas Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1539 Mr. CLEAVER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 186. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was in-advertently detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 186. f 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1238) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 6, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 187] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.063 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2331 March 22, 2017 
Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—6 
Amash Gaetz Garrett Jones Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Clyburn Higgins (LA) Lawrence Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lynch Moore Payne Richmond Rush Sinema Slaughter Takano Tsongas 
b1547 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
MARCH 21, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to section 803(a) of the Congressional Recognition for Excellence in Arts Education Act (2 U.S.C. 803(a)), I am pleased to reappoint the Honor-able Debbie Dingell of Michigan to the Con-gressional Award Board. Thank you for your consideration of this appointment. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
CONTINUATION OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SOUTH SUDAN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–25) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014, with respect to South Sudan is to continue in effect beyond April 3, 2017. The situation in and in relation to South Sudan, which has been marked by activities that threaten the peace, security, or stability of South Sudan and the surrounding region, including widespread violence and atrocities, human rights abuses, recruitment and use of child soldiers, attacks on peace-keepers and humanitarian workers, and obstruction of humanitarian oper-ations, continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13664 with re-spect to South Sudan. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 22, 2017. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO ORONO GIRLS BASKETBALL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Orono girls basket-ball team for recently winning the Minnesota High School State Cham-pionship. After falling short of high expecta-tions to win it all last year, the Spar-tans bounced back this season with an impressive 27–4 record and the top seed, despite many thinking that they had missed their window. That didn’t stop these girls though. They were deter-mined to finish the job this season as they stormed through the playoffs. Led by senior Tori Andrew, the team played selflessly. Andrew, the only re-turning starter from last season, made it a point to give her teammates the recognition that they deserved. The Spartans went on to beat Winona 65–47 in the State title game. Orono’s resilience, Mr. Speaker, in response to the previous season, speaks highly of their character and their pro-gram led by Coach Lavesa Glover in her very first season with the team. These girls showed that they give their all in everything they do, whether it is for their team, their school, their fami-lies, or their community. Mr. Speaker, we are so proud of the Orono girls basketball team. Congratu-lations on the State title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.037 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2332 March 22, 2017 
RUSSIA AND TRUMP, SUBTLE ENTRAPMENT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, years from now, history books could well de-scribe entrapment of a United States President by a foreign adversary. Allow me to update my colleagues on the Trump administration’s foreign policy. Recently, the State Department avoided committing Secretary Rex Tillerson to a NATO meeting next month with our tried and true allies in Europe. Yet, the administration has no problem flying Secretary Tillerson to Moscow to meet with Putin in April. This is no April Fools’ joke. Since when is the Kremlin more important than our NATO partners? Never. Several reports now say Trump’s former campaign chair, Paul Manafort, secretly worked for a Russian billion-aire to advance Putin’s interests and undermine anti-Russian opposition across Europe. This contradicts asser-tions by the Trump administration and Manafort that he never worked for Russian interests. Congress needs to get to the bottom of these shady con-nections, and Paul Manafort should testify to the House Intelligence Com-mittee, under oath. Russia has consistently and unabash-edly attempted to disrupt Democratic elections and promote propaganda in order to strengthen its own strategic interests. The Trump administration is pushing our Nation to the verge of a national security crisis. How much leverage does Putin have over Trump and his as-sociates? Our great Nation can’t be their collateral damage. 
f 
BRAIN INJURY AWARENESS DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is Brain Injury Awareness Day, and I welcome those who are in Washington today to share their stories. This is near and dear to my heart. I spent nearly 30 years in healthcare re-habilitation services, and this was one of my areas of practice and expertise. I served as a board member for the Brain Injury Association of Pennsylvania, and I helped form a brain injury sup-port group for the patients and their families that I served. The theme for this year’s campaign is ‘‘Not Alone.’’ This is a platform for educating the general public about the incidence of brain injury, and the needs of people with brain injuries and their families. The campaign also works to destigmatize the injury, empower those who have survived, and promote the many types of support that are avail-able. The need to raise awareness is great: more than 3.5 million children and adults sustain an acquired brain injury each year, but the incidence is un-known. Mr. Speaker, everyone recovers at a different pace, but the support the pa-tient receives can actually let them know that they are not alone in this fight. f 
OPPOSING AMERICANS LOSING THEIR HEALTH CARE (Mr. CRIST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to 24 million Americans losing their health insurance, including 60,000 residents in my home of Pinellas County, Florida. Florida is the number one State with Affordable Care Act en-rollments—number one. We stand to lose the most with this repeal. But what we are debating this week is far worse than just a repeal. It is how the new bill treats the least among us. Medicaid, which the poor and disabled depend on, would be dev-astated, leaving an estimated 3.5 mil-lion children and 720,000 disabled Amer-icans without care. There are a lot of people here today in the Nation’s Capital in wheelchairs, trying to make this point to all of us. What could be more cruel than taking away health care for all of them? This is a misguided proposal. We must work together to improve health care, bring down costs, expand access, and protect the most vulnerable in our society. Mr. Speaker, people’s lives are on the line with this vote tomorrow. Let’s do the right thing. Reject this bill. 
f 
TAKE YOUR CRIMINALS BACK OR LOSE VISAS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Flor-ida Police Officer Andrew Widman was murdered, shot in the face while trying to resolve a dispute. His death was pre-ventable, however. The murderer of Of-ficer Widman was an illegal immigrant and convicted felon. He did not belong here. He should have been sent back home to his native country, Cuba, after he served his sentence, but Cuba would not take him back. Cuba is one of about 30 countries that refuse to take back their convicted citizens after they are legally ordered deported. Then, unfortunately, they are released back on our streets to commit more crimes. These days need to end. No more get-out-of-jail-free cards. There must be consequences to these nations that flaunt our laws. My bill, the Timely Repatriation Act, restricts diplomatic visas to coun-tries that deny or delay the repatri-ation of a foreign national whose re-moval has been legally ordered. Take your criminals back or lose dip-lomatic visas. And that is just the way it is. f 
SALUTING UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE ACTION NETWORK (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the Universal Health Care Action Network, also known as UHCAN, for their energy and advocacy to protect the Affordable Care Act. I was honored to join UHCAN in a town hall where we presented our mes-sage to men, women, families, and chil-dren from across central Ohio who were eager to organize. Do you know why? To save the health care for more than 22 million newly insured Americans, in-cluding nearly 1 million Ohioans, who gained coverage under the Affordable Care Act. We heard personal stories, stories from Laura, Mindy, Rachel, and Kevin Rhodes—who was my guest at the joint session of Congress right here—on how the Affordable Care Act was saving their lives. Mr. Speaker, yet, here we are tomor-row, on the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act, preparing to re-peal and replace it with Republican care; legislation which would push 24 million Americans off their healthcare coverage, and give massive tax breaks to 400 superwealthy families, while the rest of us, we pay more for less. Mr. Speaker, I join my constituents and Americans across the country who oppose Republican care. Join me to-morrow and say ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
b1600 OPPOSE THE EFFORT TO REPEAL AND REPLACE (Mr. SWALWELL of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition of the ef-fort to repeal and replace the Afford-able Care Act. Simply, my constituents will be stuck paying more. And if they are not losing their coverage, they will know somebody who is going to lose their coverage. And if they are over the age of 50 and not on Medicare yet, they are going to suffer a very cruel age tax. I think not of politics when the President said some are going to pay a political price if they don’t support this, I think about what they are going to pay at the doctor’s office. John Cameron of Dublin, California, told me that, before the Affordable Care Act, he could not get the double hip surgery that he needed. Because of it, he was able to get it last week. We need hardworking small-business own-ers like John to keep working and have affordable insurance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.070 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2333 March 22, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, when this President put his name on a casino, he left its work-ers in the dust. When he put his name on a university, he left its students out in the cold. And when he puts his name on this healthcare plan, TrumpCare, he is going to leave all of us sicker and poorer. 
f 
ACCESS TO AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, 7 years ago today, President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. Since then, the ACA has helped millions of Americans gain access to affordable healthcare insurance. We all know what is at stake in this Republican bill. It is a bill that actu-ally has a big old tax in it called the age tax that makes our seniors pay more. In addition to that, it prohibits Med-icaid reimbursement for Planned Par-enthood, and Republicans are actively working hard to make access to repro-ductive care even tougher for low-in-come women. Let me tell you this about Texas: In 2014, Planned Parenthood had 34 cen-ters that served over 120,000 women. Additionally, these centers in my home State of Texas provided birth control to over 93,000 women, conducted over 134,000 STD tests, 16,000 pap smears, and 16,000 mammograms. These crucial services allow women across Texas to take control of their own health care and help them plan for a family when they are ready. Republicans claim that their replace-ment plan puts patients first, but lim-iting a woman’s ability to seek care when she seems fit directly contradicts that goal. 
f 
COMPOUNDING DEVASTATING CUTS AND ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republicans’ Amer-ican Health Care Act and specifically the provision that purports to shift bil-lions of Medicaid costs from New York’s counties to the State. In addition to the AHCA’s age tax, increasing premiums, and millions los-ing their insurance, this provision will compound the devastating cuts and leave countless New Yorkers without access to health care while decimating New York State’s finances. This amendment requires the State to shoulder an additional $2.3 billion on top of the $1 billion cut proposed in the AHCA. Meanwhile, this proposal ex-cludes New York City and only gives New York State 2 years to assume this burden. As a former mayor, county executive, and former chairman of the New York State Commission on Property Tax Re-lief, I understand that New York coun-ties shoulder a larger share of the Med-icaid burden than in any other State. Asking the State to relieve some of this burden from the counties that they bear from the Medicaid cost is a worthwhile idea that should be further explored, but in conjunction with State officials. The short turnaround time in the current proposal would cripple the State’s budget, resulting in cata-strophic cuts, and leaves countless New Yorkers without access to health care. Additionally, marrying this proposal to the misguided Republican AHCA plan and excluding New York City pre-vents bipartisan cooperation. Rushing this amendment without debate or full consideration of the consequences and without a plan for implementation will negate any positives. I call upon my Republican colleagues to work in a bipartisan manner on this critical issue. f 
HEALTH MATTERS (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, yester-day I spoke with a dynamic, impressive young woman, Maryn White, from Lee’s Summit, Missouri. Maryn is a 16-year-old sophomore at Lee’s Summit West High School. When she was 10 years old, she was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis. Despite a lot of pain and a number of major surgeries, Maryn is active in her high school and is raising money for a cure. Maryn was the winner of the Dream Factory of Kansas City. Instead of going on a cruise ship or some tour to an exotic place, she came to Wash-ington to talk to people who are about to vote on her health. She is absolutely infuriated that money is not going to the NIH to continue to do research for a cure. There are thousands of similar sto-ries all over the country. This is not a political matter, this is a matter of life and death for people all over this coun-try. Yes, I am saying that TrumpCare will make America ache again. 
f 
FOCUS OUR ATTENTION ON MAKING A DIFFERENCE (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, there was a television program some years ago that Monty Hall had: ‘‘Let’s Make a Deal.’’ Well, up in the Rules Committee, we are acting out a congressional version of ‘‘Let’s Make a Deal.’’ People aren’t dressing up like radishes and jumping up and down, but they are trying to contort the flawed Republican repeal of the Affordable Care Act into something that can somehow thread the needle and get votes through the House of Representatives. Well, Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate. This week we are commemorating the seventh anniversary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. We don’t need costumes and jumping up and down. It has reduced the uninsured rate to the lowest in our history. It has strengthened rural and small town hos-pitals across the country. It has ex-tended coverage to people who other-wise would not have it. Repeal of this amazing accomplishment would be un-precedented. It would be sad, and it would be wrong. I sincerely hope that we are going to be able to focus our attention on some-thing that will make a difference, not forcing Americans to pay more for infe-rior coverage and deny it to many oth-ers. f 
OPPOSING TRUMPCARE (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against TrumpCare. TrumpCare will take health insur-ance away from 24 million Americans. That is basically the amount of people that live in the State of Texas. For the lucky ones who don’t have their health care ripped away, TrumpCare forces families to pay in-creased out-of-pocket costs and higher deductibles and cuts the financial as-sistance they get today to afford their insurance. It has a crushing age tax. TrumpCare forces Americans who are aged 50 to 64 to pay premiums five times higher than younger people pay for health in-surance. This, combined with a slash in finan-cial assistance to help people pay for coverage, will literally mean that there will be people who now have to pay more for their premiums annually than they actually earn in a year. That is unacceptable. TrumpCare cuts Medicare and will shorten the life of the program by 3 years. It is hard to find someone this bill helps, but the people that it will hurt can be counted in the millions. I urge my colleagues to vote against this horrible plan and to work with us to expand access and lower cost. 
f 
THE IMPACT OF TRUMPCARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.072 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2334 March 22, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Washington? There was no objection. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row we will be voting on the American Health Care Act. We are doing this in spite of the fact that we just found out that there is an even more dire and harsh plan. We still have not received the Congressional Budget Office’s esti-mates of what that plan will do, but we do know that TrumpCare will throw at least 24 million people off of their health care. Tonight, for the next hour, I am proud to help lead our Congressional Progressive Caucus Special Order hour with my distinguished members from the caucus. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, as the gentlewoman from New Jersey said, my colleagues and I will show and prove our true intentions in occupying our seats here in Congress. We will have the chance to stand with the 24 million Americans who have health coverage thanks to the Af-fordable Care Act or cosign billion-dol-lar tax cuts to the wealthy. We will have the chance to reject the attacks on the health of women and older Americans or force Americans to pay more for less. We will have the chance to choose between what is best for all or what is best for some. We will choose between right and wrong. Changes to the current law proposed in the un-American Health Care Act, also known as TrumpCare, could result in cuts to benefits, increased costs, or reduced coverage for older Americans. According to the 2016 Medicare Trustees Report, the Medicare part A trust fund is solvent until 2028. This is 11 years longer than predicted in 2009, due in large part to the changes made in the ACA. Repealing the additional 0.9 percent payroll tax on high-income workers, as proposed in this new bill, would remove $117.3 billion from the Hospital Insur-ance Trust Fund over the next 10 years. It would hasten the insolvency of Medi-care by up to 4 years and diminish Medicare’s ability to pay for services in the future. Additionally, provisions of the un- American Health Care Act that create a per capita cap financing structure in the Medicaid program is equally dan-gerous. These provisions would endan-ger the health, safety, and care of mil-lions of individuals who depend on the essential services provided through Medicaid. The CBO found that the bill would cut Medicaid funding by $880 billion over 2017 to 2026. Medicare and Med-icaid must be protected and strength-ened for older Americans and future generations. Any healthcare legislation presented must take into consideration future generations of men and women who will take our seats in this Chamber, fu-ture generations that will produce our first woman President, future genera-tions of women that hopefully will not have to fight against men meddling in their healthcare decisions. This bill is a war on women, and, quite frankly, there is nothing pro-life about it. This bill attacks women’s ac-cess to reproductive health care from every angle, undermining not just con-traception access and abortion cov-erage, but also making it much harder for women to receive maternity cov-erage when they do give birth. The abortion rate is at a historic low, and most analysts say the principal reason is that the ACA made contra-ception cheaper and easier to obtain. The CBO report was all-encompassing, but most strikingly pointed out a pro-vision that would undermine Planned Parenthood, a critical provider for women’s health care. b1615 This provision would bar women on Medicaid from using their coverage to go to Planned Parenthood, imme-diately resulting in many of these women losing access to contraception and leading to closing of clinics nation-wide. The CBO estimated that 15 percent of women living in low-income and other-wise underserved areas would lose their access to services to prevent preg-nancy. In short, local access to repro-ductive health care dries up. In short, this is unacceptable. Just as I opened, I am going to close. Tomor-row my colleagues and I will show and prove our true intentions in occupying our seats here in Congress. We will have the chance to stand with the 24 million Americans who have healthcare coverage thanks to the Af-fordable Care Act, or cosign billion-dol-lar tax cuts to the wealthy as proposed under the Trump healthcare bill. We will have the chance to reject the attacks on the health of women and the working families or force Ameri-cans to pay far more for far less, and we will have the chance to choose be-tween what is best for all or what is best for some. Tomorrow, with the votes cast on this bill, we will get the chance to choose between right and wrong. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN for her excellent statement. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to yield to the distinguished gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. In a very short number of weeks here in Congress, she has already made her mark as a passionate advocate not only for her State, but in this important fight to protect access to affordable, quality health care, and she has been an extraordinary member of the Judici-ary Committee. It has been an honor to serve with her, and I thank her for yielding and thank her for her great leadership. Mr. Speaker, we are here to continue our fight to protect access to quality, affordable health care and to defeat TrumpCare. TrumpCare will produce higher costs for our constituents, forcing families to pay higher premiums, higher deductibles, and higher out-of-pocket expenses. It also will provide less Americans coverage. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, 24 million Americans will lose their health insur-ance when TrumpCare becomes law. Thirdly, it imposes a crushing age tax. TrumpCare allows individuals age 50 to 64 to pay premiums five times higher than others pay for health care, no matter how healthy they are. It is higher premiums, higher deductibles, higher out-of-pocket ex-penses, 24 million people will lose in-surance, older people will pay an age tax. And TrumpCare, in addition to all of those terrible things, shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years and ransacks the funds that sen-iors depend on, particularly, to get their long-term care. And finally, the best estimates are that it will destroy nearly 2 million jobs in this country if passed. So why is this happening? Why would someone construct a bill that does this? Well, in large part, it is to finance an extraordinarily big tax cut, a tax cut for the wealthiest people in this coun-try. The richest 400 families will re-ceive a tax cut, each, of about $7 mil-lion. Then there are tax cuts for drug companies, insurance company CEOs. And to finance this tax cut, which to-tals $600 billion over the decade, in order to finance that, this bill robs 24 million Americans of health insurance, cheats seniors out of the care that they deserve in nursing homes, imposes higher premiums and higher deductibles on working families, and imposes a crushing age tax on older Americans. This is wrong. And, you know, the President ran on a campaign of helping working people and being for the middle class. This piece of legislation is a gift to the rich-est people in this country and the most powerful special interests and a be-trayal of the promise to work for mid-dle class and working families. I want to end, with the indulgence of the gentlewoman from Washington, you know, we talk about these num-bers, and they are staggering: 24 mil-lion, $600 billion. Behind each of those numbers are real people whose lives will be affected by TrumpCare and by the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, individuals whose lives will be dev-astated, families who will be ruined be-cause they no longer have access to the care that they need. In the richest, most powerful country in the world, this does not have to be the case, and I want to give you two examples. Just this week I heard from Sara from, Woonsocket, Rhode Island. She wrote to me: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.074 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2335 March 22, 2017 
I am writing to you to encourage you to vote against the American Health Care Act proposed by Paul Ryan and the Republican Party. My brother has developmental dis-abilities and relies on Medicaid for insur-ance. Experts who have reviewed this bill have determined that it will ultimately cut fund-ing for people like my brother, but the work-ing class in this country cannot afford the burden that this bill would impose. And the wealthiest among us do not need any more handouts from the Federal Government. Please vote against this bill. 
I had correspondence, again, with an-other constituent, who talks about the important services that the ACA pro-vided to her family. She was heart-broken at the death of her son Anthony who passed away on August 9 due to an overdose, and she describes Anthony as a compassionate and deep person who, unfortunately, like many Americans, suffered from severe anxiety and de-pression. To deal with his condition, he started self-medicating with prescrip-tion drugs. After returning home from a sober house, he, unfortunately, re-lapsed and took some designer drugs that he had ordered online, causing him to overdoes. She called me just this week. Antho-ny’s sister Cara also suffers from anx-iety and depression, in part because of the post-traumatic stress disorder that she suffered after discovering her brother who had died. Thanks to the ACA, she is able to receive coverage for critical mental health services since her mother doesn’t have coverage through her employer. Like many of my constituents, Cara relies on the coverage she has gained, and she writes: 
I am worried for my future without my support system. The discontinuation of cov-erage would be detrimental to our efforts to combat mental health disorders and the opioid epidemic which continues to plague families and has been such a support to my family. 
These are just two examples. We have millions of examples all across this country of people whose lives have been protected and saved and helped because of access to quality, affordable health care. This will undo all of that progress. We have to do everything we can to stop it. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for leading this Special Order hour tonight so we can continue to make sure the voices of the American people are heard and we de-feat TrumpCare and protect access to affordable, quality health care in this country. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Rhode Island for his incredible leadership on so many issues and for reminding us again that 24 million is just a number, but behind that number are all of the people and all of the stories that will be impacted. Mr. Speaker, now it is my great honor to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU), my good friend, the chair of the Asian Pa-cific American Caucus here in the House. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the American Health Care Act, or TrumpCare. TrumpCare would result in 24 million people losing healthcare coverage. In my Pasadena, California, district, near-ly 70,000 people will lose coverage. In Los Angeles County, about 1 million people will lose the coverage they have through Medicaid expansion. Worst of all, this bill would result in skyrocketing healthcare costs, espe-cially for older Americans. It would hurt people like my constituent Patty from Claremont. Patty is 62 and never had to worry about health care because her husband was a union member with a good job, but in one moment, Patty’s life was turned upside down. Last September, Patty’s husband passed away, suddenly. In the blink of an eye, Patty was forced to find new insurance for herself and her 20-year- old son who suffers from a preexisting condition. She couldn’t afford COBRA and is a few years away from being eli-gible for Medicare. Well, thank goodness the ACA came along and she was finally able to get affordable healthcare insurance. She was so relieved. But what will happen to Patty’s in-surance under TrumpCare? We only have to look at the CBO’s estimate that a 64-year-old making $26,500 a year could see their health insurance pre-miums skyrocket from $1,700 a year to $14,600. That amounts to over half their income. For Patty, these changes could mean thousands in out-of-pocket expenses for her hypertension medication, which she needs to take consistently or face life-threatening consequences. Patty would face a situation that so many older Americans would face: premiums that would rise by 20 to 25 percent by 2026. The premiums rise because, in this bill, the GOP created an age tax which allows older Americans to be charged five times more than younger Americans. Now, in this bill, there is no concrete plan to help older Americans like Patty deal with the rising cost of pre-miums under TrumpCare. And cer-tainly nothing in this bill will address the enormous deductibles or out-of- pocket costs that they will face if in-surance companies can once again offer substandard plans with limited bene-fits. You know, so many people like Patty are just one accident away from losing coverage. Why is she and 24 million other Americans going to suffer so that, in this bill, health insurance executives earning over $500,000 can get a tax break? so that the wealthy can get $600 billion wealthier? so that 400 of the Na-tion’s richest families can get a $7 mil-lion tax cut every year? You know, the term ‘‘coverage loss’’ isn’t some political tool. It has real life-threatening consequences for peo-ple of all ages and incomes across the country. The bill before us today has been crafted behind closed doors. We have had no hearings on this legislation, and Republicans have not accepted a single Democratic amendment to the bill. There are just too many American lives at stake. I urge my colleagues to oppose TrumpCare. Ms. JAYAPAL. I thank the gentle-woman from California. Now it is my tremendous honor to in-troduce and yield to the co-chair of the Progressive Caucus, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), a dear friend and somebody that has been on the streets and been a leader on so many issues, from immigration reform to healthcare. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for not only man-aging the time, but her leadership and great work in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about the millions of Americans who will suf-fer under this oxymoron called TrumpCare. This bill will result in higher costs and less coverage for hard-working Americans, especially the poor and the elderly. The only winners in this bill are the wealthy who are getting their $600 billion tax cut. Earlier this week, an official with the American College of Physicians put it best when he said: 
In 38 years of advocating for doctors and patients, I have never seen a bill that will do more harm than the AHCA. 
This is a powerful statement. You know, Mr. Speaker, what I can’t figure out is what problem this bill is trying to solve. If the Republicans were looking to cover fewer people, make in-surance more expensive, and give tax cuts to the rich, then I guess this Re-publican bill is the answer. Let’s take a quick look at what this bill does or, as my Republican col-leagues refer to it, promises kept. First and foremost, 24 million Ameri-cans are going to lose coverage. Let me repeat that, 24 million. That is not only unacceptable, it is cruel. And even for those lucky enough not to lose coverage, things are not going to be very good. Under the Republican healthcare scheme, older Americans will be paying five times more. In what world does anyone think that it is a good idea to make health care even more expensive for the elderly? This is one of those crazy but true things about this bill. So this is what the GOP calls promises kept. Well, let’s take a moment to remem-ber what promises were actually made. In an interview with ‘‘60 Minutes’’ in 2015, President Trump promised: 
Everybody is going to be covered. I am going to take care of everybody. I don’t care if it costs me votes or not, everybody is going to be taken care of much better than they are being taken care of now. 
Then just 2 days before the election, Trump went to Sioux City, Iowa, and said: 
I am going to protect and save your Social Security and your Medicare. You made a deal a long, long time ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.075 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2336 March 22, 2017 
b1630 So how does this repeal bill stack up with those promises? Premiums will spike 750 percent with far fewer tax credits to help shoulder that burden; 30 million Americans with preexisting conditions would lose the certainty of coverage they have enjoyed under ObamaCare; Medicare will be slashed by $170 billion; Medicaid will be cut 25 percent. That is $880 billion being ripped away from the most vulnerable Americans, resulting in 14 million peo-ple losing coverage immediately. So who wins here with TrumpCare? The rich, who will reap $600 billion in tax cuts at the expense of medical treatment for the most vulnerable and working folks in this country; Big Pharma is a winner who can now look forward to more obscene profits and less oversight; and, of course, the pri-vate health insurance companies, who, once again, will be in total charge of America’s health care. Who loses? Hardworking, regular folks who simply can’t afford to under-write a tax cut for the rich at the ex-pense of their health. Take my constituent, Shawn, for ex-ample. He wrote me to share his ACA story. In 2006, Shawn was diagnosed with HIV and a rare heart condition, and his premiums skyrocketed from $123 a month in 2005, all the way up to $1,473 a month in 2012. That is an aver-age increase of between 35 and 40 per-cent per year. At the same time, his de-ductible climbed to $2,900, meaning his insurance wouldn’t offer him a dime until he coughed up nearly $3,000 first. When ObamaCare kicked in in 2014, Shawn had at least a dozen plans to choose from. He selected a platinum plan which delivered better coverage than he previously had for only half the price that he had previously been paying. Let me repeat: because of ObamaCare, Shawn started paying half the price for a better plan. How was it better? As Shawn put it, he no longer faced lifetime caps; he had free wellness visits included in his cov-erage; instead of a nearly $3,000 deduct-ible, he now had just a small copay. If the ACA is repealed, Shawn will be uninsured for the first time in his life. For the first time in 54 years, Shawn will be forced to pay out of his own pocket for lifesaving medications. His HIV medications alone cost nearly $30,000 per year—that is three times as much as he pays right now for all of his medical expenses. If he is hospitalized for his heart condition—which has oc-curred already twice—he will incur tens of thousands of dollars in addi-tional charges. In short, under the Re-publican’s healthcare scheme, Shawn will be financially ruined. Mr. Speaker, this is utterly unac-ceptable. The American people deserve access to affordable, accessible, and high quality health care. TrumpCare achieves the opposite. It is a bad deal and a threat to the well-being of our Nation and our people. Beyond that, it is shameful and inhumane. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose TrumpCare in its entirety and vote it down tomorrow. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
RIJALVA . I am so proud to introduce my col-league from Massachusetts, Represent-ative J
OEKENNEDY . Two weeks ago, during the Energy and Commerce markup on TrumpCare, the gentleman actually forced Repub-lican lawmakers to admit that the bill—their bill, the TrumpCare bill— would not guarantee essential healthcare benefits for the millions who are covered under Medicaid expan-sion, and, later, the gentleman went on to give an incredibly compelling speech about this bill not being an act of mercy but being an act of malice. I hope that the gentleman is now going to tell the American people exactly why he said what he did. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for adding her voice on such an important issue before our country today and for leading our efforts here this afternoon on the House floor. There are an awful lot of important components to this bill that we are de-bating now and that will supposedly come before us tomorrow afternoon. One of the critical pieces of it is how we are going to treat people suffering from mental illness. Now, the bill itself does a number of things across insurance marketplaces and across Medicaid and Medicaid ex-pansion, but I think it is critically im-portant that we look at this through the framework of what health care is supposed to be all about. Health care, at least from my understanding, boils down to one simple principle. It is how we treat each other in our time of need and this commitment that we make as a country to each other, that, yes, I care about you and your family and want to make sure that you get the care that you need when you need it. Because with health care, at some point, I am going to need that same care as well: a loved one of mine, my children, my family members, and I hope that you would be there for me the same way that I would be there for you. So if you look at this bill through that prism, one of the pieces that stands out is the fact that, for the Med-icaid expansion population, about 11 million people across our country, this bill strips what is called the essential healthcare benefits from those 11 mil-lion people. Now, that is a bureaucratic term, but it means some of the most basic aspects of health care: maternal care and newborn care, preventive serv-ices, wellness, ambulatory care, and, yes, mental health services and addic-tion, behavioral health. So what does that actually mean? It means that because of existing legisla-tion, the Federal law, mental health parity, which says that if mental health benefits are, in fact, offered as part of a healthcare package, insurance package, that it has to be offered in the same way that physical health care is. You should treat your access to behav-ioral health care the same way we would treat access to health care if you needed cancer treatment or a broken leg. But the mental health parity law does not require mental health benefits to be offered at all. The Affordable Care Act, however, says that in order for a plan to be qualified, it does have to offer an essential health benefits package, included in that being access to mental health care. So those two laws together work in tandem to have created a massive in-crease in access to behavioral health and mental health services, including, critically for the moment that we are in our country, access to opioid treat-ment. What this bill does is strip those es-sential benefits, including access to ad-diction services and mental health care, from that essential benefits pack-age and says to the States: Good luck, you can pay for them if you want to, providing nowhere near the sufficient funding to cover all of the demands that our Republican colleague says the funding will be there for. Now, to make matters even more convoluted in this, it was clear, during the debate in our committee 2 weeks ago for 28 straight hours, that some of our colleagues actually thought these protections were maintained when we pointed out that, in fact, they were stripped. There was then a different version of this bill that was brought forth for consideration called the man-ager’s amendment. That manager’s amendment happened to reinstate those benefits, which was great, and I applaud my Republican colleagues for doing so, aside from the fact that they then realized that they included those benefits and they offered an amend-ment to strip them back out, just in the past 36 hours, recognizing that there was a bill that they thought of-fered these benefits—the package of es-sential health benefits—for 11 million people to begin with, they found out that it didn’t, in fact, offer it; they fixed it and put them back in a bill, re-alized they did it inadvertently and took it out again and are now laying that bill supposedly before our consid-eration tomorrow. If health care is, in fact, that com-mitment we make to each other in our time of need, how does this bill answer that question? The average cost of a birth in this country is roughly $10,000. Medicaid itself pays for half of the births in our Nation. Maternal care and newborn care are covered under the es-sential health benefits, but not any-more for the Medicaid expansion popu-lation. For that population, having a child could very literally bring you to bankruptcy. That is the bill that this Republican Congress is putting forward for your consideration tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.078 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2337 March 22, 2017 
That is one of the many reasons why I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative K
ENNEDY so much. As the gentleman was talking, I was thinking about the simple rule that we are all better off when we are all better off. I appreciate everything that you just said. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to yield to the gentleman from the great State of Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for that introduction. I want to thank my colleagues for presenting their profound thoughts on this most important legislation that we will consider tomorrow. The simple truth is that what this bill does is it re-moves 24 million people and takes them away from having affordable health care and health insurance, while, at the same time, giving $600 bil-lion in tax cuts for the richest people in America. Some pundits have de-scribed it as one of the biggest trans-fers of wealth and travesties perpet-uated upon the American people in American history. I am calling upon the Republicans here in this Chamber and President Trump to withdraw this legislation, sit down in a bipartisan way—the way this Congress operated for several hundred years under open rules—and see what we can do to fix what is wrong with the American healthcare system, not do away with it and scrap it in the dev-astating manner that they have chosen to do so. The simple truth is, as I said, this guts Medicaid, and it guts health care. Under this $600 billion tax break, think about it, if you make $1 million a year, every year you are going to get a $67,000 a year tax cut. Imagine that. That is more money than the average person makes in America in a year, and they are going to get that every year going forward in perpetuity, while we are saying to a young family who is struggling maybe because someone in the family has cancer or maybe some-body got hurt or injured in an accident, oh, that is going to cost too much money to insure you, you are one of the 24 million who we are getting rid of. What kind of a country is it that would do something like that? My col-league, Mr. K
ENNEDY , I thought, stated it so well. We are all in this together. That is what insurance does. Life is perilous at best. We don’t know who is going to get sick. We don’t know who is going to have an accident. It may be when you are elderly; it may be when you are young. That is what health care and health insurance is all about, coming together and making sure that we all are cared for and get the care that we need when we need it. Senator K
ENNEDY talked about pre-ventive care. If you can catch prostate cancer or if you can catch lung cancer at a stage I or a stage II level, you save a life. But you have to have insurance to go do that and see your doctor. If you don’t have insurance, guess what? You don’t get a diagnosis until it is at the third or fourth stage level, at which point it is too late, costs tre-mendous amounts of money to treat, and, most likely, the prospects for sur-vival are not good. Mr. Speaker, I call on the President and my colleagues, please, the Presi-dent in particular, honor the promise that you made to the American people in your campaign which resonated with enough people to get you elected Presi-dent of the United States. Stand up for the elderly, stand up for urban and rural, stand up for all Americans, stand up for rural communities, and rural hospitals. Do the right thing, and let’s open this process up so we can fix what needs fixing and stop this devastating attack by repealing and so-called re-placing the Affordable Care Act. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Minnesota for his tremendous work and for his words. As the gentleman spoke, I think about all the names that we could call this bill that is before us. We can call it TrumpCare, we can call it the pay more get less bill, and we can call it the broken promises bill. But I think what the gentleman’s words have shown us is that this is a bill that is going to deeply affect 24 million Amer-icans across the country and tear them off of their health care, and that is just not acceptable. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). It is a great honor to intro-duce my colleague who is a champion for so many issues. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington. Mr. Speaker, after 7 years of demand-ing repeal and replace, the very best that the GOP could do was to put for-ward a bill to eliminate health care for 24 million Americans. Under TrumpCare, over 44,000 residents in my district will lose health care com-pletely. b1645 I want to talk about a different popu-lation that we don’t address as often. Many of these residents are veterans and their families. Paralyzed Veterans of America today reminded me that today many vets rely on Medicaid for their health care. TrumpCare undermines the safety net for our veterans and their dependents and their caregivers. According to PVA, the total number of veterans without insurance dropped very sharply in recent years, yet TrumpCare cuts more than $800 billion from the Medicaid program, which many veterans and our military fami-lies turn to for care. Worse, in their rush to rip health insurance away from tens of millions of Americans, the manager’s amendment to TrumpCare could deny tax credits to millions of military veterans. Mr. Speaker, veterans are among those that TrumpCare would hurt. There are thousands of veterans in my district and thousands of veterans in every district across our great country. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle should think long and hard before they take this critical, life-saving care away from those who need it most: our veterans who have served our country so bravely and so patrioti-cally and whom we have made a solemn promise to. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my colleague on both the Judiciary Committee and Budget Committee and a champion for people of color and folks across this country. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join the Congressional Progressive Caucus, on which I serve as a vice chair. I remember this experi-ence less than a decade ago when we worked so hard to have the Affordable Care Act. For many, you are seeing this poster for the first time. I think I need to give you a little journey down memory lane as we talk about why we are so vigor-ously opposing what would seem to be new and fresh ideas. First of all, let me say the good thing about the Affordable Care Act is that it is not a respecter of economic standing as relates to the benefits of health in-surance. We were able to grant every American the right to have insurance that did not penalize you for being a woman, penalize you for having a pre-existing condition. In fact, it did lower premiums. We realize that in certain areas that is one of the beginning aspects of a bill that is only 7 years old, but one of the important points is that we have given you insurance that has more benefits than it ever had 10 years ago, 15 years ago. More importantly, working people who happen to be of low income and who are no less able or dignified or equal in this Nation now have insur-ance. It is insurance. The underpinning of it is Medicaid, but it is insurance. It al-lows families, pregnant women, and children to have insurance, people who are working. Then, on the other side, it has help for the blind, the disabled, as well for those in nursing homes. Re-member, people in nursing homes have worked. We give them the ability to live in dignity. Unfortunately, to the contrary, what I am seeing now, just coming out of the Cloakroom, is a hustle and bustle of negotiations and meetings, going in and out of meetings, going to the White House, trying to corral these last votes. Some of these individuals want it to be made worse, and they are holding their ground. But I tell you what is missing in all of this. What is missing is that what we did almost 10 years ago was have hun-dreds, maybe thousands, of hearings or townhall meetings in our districts. We had 79 bipartisan hearings in the House, 453 hearings in the Senate. In the House, we had over 181 witnesses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.079 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2338 March 22, 2017 
and 239 considered amendments. We be-lieved in listening to the American people, many of whom did not under-stand, but we wanted to get it out. In the dark of night, this bill has come. There are amendments coming by the day. I will be leaving here and going to the Rules Committee to try to understand what is in the bill. To the American people, what you can clearly see that is in the bill right now is that we are paying more for less. You are getting $880 billion taken out of the Medicaid that is used to keep people whole after they have worked—those in nursing homes, the blind, the disabled, or other things that may have occurred—as well as those who are taking care of children and who are pregnant women. Twenty-four million will lose their insurance right now, today, as that bill is passed. Over-all, in 2026, 52 million Americans will be uninsured. You can’t be plainer than that. Then what saddens me the most, be-sides the $880 billion coming out of your insurance, they give a $600 billion tax cut to 1 percent of the richest Americans, whom I would venture to say, getting $57,000 per family, they would say to you: Take it back and help all of America. The age tax, if you are 50 to 64, you are paying a penalty—not 85, but 50 to 64. They can’t get rid of that. How are you going to pass a bill that penalizes? I have indicated about $880 billion for Medicaid. Then, of course, the tax re-lief for people who do not want it. I say that your patriotism today is letting this see the light of day. Let’s debate it and discuss it. Let’s talk to States like Kentucky and West Vir-ginia and those States that have taken expanded Medicaid. Let’s talk to fami-lies, like I have just done today, with children who are only being taken care of with their catastrophic illnesses, with smiles on their face, and home-bound, because they have Medicaid as their insurance. That is why we oppose the TrumpCare bill. No matter how many backdoor meetings President 45 can take care of—I wish, maybe, it started earlier, before he attacked President Obama. But, in any event, with all of these meetings, we are still at a point where we don’t know what the bill is doing for people that is good, but we do know what it is taking away from peo-ple. I just ask that we stop and do this right to save lives. I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for the excellent job she is doing in leading this Special Order. I don’t know about you, but the unin-sured in my district are down to 3.8 percent. If you think I am going to let the Republicans take away near uni-versal health care from my district, the District of Columbia, without a fight, just watch me, and watch my colleagues. We had a healthcare townhall. Unlike some of the townhalls of my col-leagues, there were not people jumping up saying: Why are you taking away my health care? Instead, they were people like Debbie. Debbie is a lifetime sufferer of asth-ma. She also has diabetes. She reached her cap. That meant that the medicine she was on, which cost $10,000 a month, would have to be paid by her. She worked every day. How many of you— how many of us—could pay $10,000 a month, no matter what job we have? That, along with her diabetes, makes her a paradigm of the kind of person whose life and death depends on this bill. I want to just say a few words not about all of the important information you have had, but about what I call the worst of the worst. First, let me congratulate my Repub-lican colleagues on doubling down on the number without health care be-cause you double the number without health care. As we are rising with the number who have health care, you now turn downward. We can’t possibly live with that, and I don’t think the Amer-ican people will allow you to get away with it. I think about our hospitals, and peo-ple say: Why should we pay any atten-tion to the hospitals? Well, when we get back in the era of uncompensated care, what you will have is the Federal Government will never compensate your hospital, so you will compensate your hospital. We are back in the era of free health care, except there is no such thing as free health care. You and I will be paying for it out of our pock-ets. What they do to the tax credits is shameful. Flat tax credits, unrelated to the costs, replace the kind of tax cred-its we have in the Affordable Care Act, which are just, as you might expect, up and down according to the value of in-surance. What good is a flat tax credit unre-lated to the cost of insurance or to your income? Do my Republican col-leagues really think they are going to fool anybody with those kinds of re-placements? What is perhaps worst of the worst is the work requirement. You get sick, you can’t afford to work, you have got to be on the Affordable Care Act, and you need Medicaid in order to do it. They tell you that you have got to go to work in order to—while you are sick, I guess—get your Medicaid. Get sick, go to work, and qualify for health care under the Republican plan. Those are just some of the worst of the worst. I have got a whole list here, but I thought it important to focus on who gets hurt and why, and why we are simply not going to let that happen. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, Ms. N
ORTON is right: the uninsured rate in my home State of Washington got cut more than half. So we are down to not quite as low as you, but 5.6, I think now, compared to over 13 percent be-fore the Affordable Care Act. I often get to co-chair this Special Order hour with my good friend, a bril-liant colleague. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from great State of Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman J
AYAPAL for her lead-ership on this Special Order. I think the message is getting through to the American people: 24 million of us are about to lose health care if this legislation goes through. In my home State of Maryland, 375,000 people are estimated to be on the chopping block in terms of their health insurance. In my district, the Eighth Congressional District—Mont-gomery, Frederick, and Carroll Coun-ties—we could have 75,000 or 80,000 peo-ple lose their health care. We were able to cut the uninsured rate in half with passage of the Afford-able Care Act 7 years ago, and now they want to turn the clock back and take us in exactly the wrong direction. If a foreign power like Russia, for ex-ample, tried to throw 24 million Ameri-cans off of their health care, we would consider it an act of sabotage, aggres-sion, and war, but this is something that is happening inside the country. Nobody knows why they want to do that to older people with this age tax, why they want to do it to children, to people who have special health needs, to the sick. It is also getting through that there is going to be $600 billion that travels upwards in America through a tax break to the wealthiest Americans. That is $600 billion that is moving up-wards. This is not a healthcare plan, primarily. It is a wealth transfer plan, while we toss millions of our co-citi-zens to the curbside. Seven years ago, we passed the Af-fordable Care Act. Millions of Ameri-cans have gotten health care for the first time, dramatically improving public health in lots of different ways, making sure that people could not be denied insurance coverage because of a preexisting condition, making sure that people in their twenties could stay on their parents’ plan, ending lifetime insurance limits, ending annual limits, requiring insurance plans to pay for preventive services like flu shots and cancer screenings and mammograms, dramatically improving the public health. This has been a great success. Tom Paine once said you cannot ‘‘make a man unknow his knowledge, or unthink his thoughts.’’ The Amer-ican people know that we have made dramatic progress under the Affordable Care Act. We need to be moving more in the direction of covering more peo-ple and improving quality and reducing people’s premiums and copays and deductibles. This legislation, the repeal night-mare, goes in exactly the wrong direc-tion. It jacks up everybody’s pre-miums, increases the copays and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.081 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2339 March 22, 2017 
deductibles, while throwing millions of people to the sidelines. b1700 I want to make one final point, which is the message has gotten through. The public opinion polls are showing that the American people are turning sharp-ly against this terrible repeal plan, which means here in Congress the orga-nizers of the plan are getting increas-ingly desperate, and they are making deals. One of the deals that they have made with some upstate Republicans appar-ently is colloquially known around here as the Buffalo bribe or the Kinderhook kickback or the Hudson hustle. Someone called it today the Empire State enticement or simply Ni-agara calls. There are some Republicans in up-state New York who are very nervous about voting for this bill, so what they have extracted is a promise, a very spe-cial provision that doesn’t apply to the other 49 States. It applies only in New York, and it would say that New York State alone cannot assess its counties to participate financially in the Med-icaid system. There are lots of other States that do it, but only New York could not do it. It could not assess the counties, except it could assess any ju-risdiction with more than 5 million people. Gee, what do you think that is? Maybe New York City. Now, the problem with this other than it being sordid and unseemly— this Buffalo bribery, this Hudson hustle—is that it is unconstitutional because the Federal Government can try to persuade States to do something by offering money, but it cannot ex-tract a concession through coercion, and it cannot treat one State dif-ferently from every other State. It vio-lates the principle of equal sov-ereignty. I would just say, Congresswoman J
AYAPAL , this legislation is not only reactionary, taking us back to a past nobody wants to go back to, and not only dangerous, but it is also unconsti-tutional because of the Buffalo bribe that is built into it. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, once again, it looks like we need to school our colleagues on the Constitution. I thank Mr. R
ASKIN for consistently doing that. Now it is a great honor to yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the dean of the con-gressional delegation, a champion for women and families, paid leave, and health care across our country. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored to join my colleagues here to-night. I thank the gentlewoman for taking the lead in this effort. There really is such an urgency to this debate and to what is happening on the floor of this House. I rise to voice my opposition to the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, but the ur-gency of the debate is because tomor-row, in this Chamber, in the people’s House, House Republicans are prepared to vote on a healthcare plan which is supported by President Trump and by Speaker PAULRYAN. What is at stake on this vote tomor-row in this House? What happens to people in this country with this vote tomorrow? There is real clarity here. We will see families pay higher premiums and higher deductibles. This plan will in-crease out-of-pocket costs to working Americans. In addition to that, older Americans will be faced with what has been described as an age tax. Those Americans who are 50 to 64 years old will pay premiums five times higher than what others pay for health cov-erage, no matter how healthy they are. There will be less coverage because we are going to take away health care for 24 million hardworking Americans. And for older Americans, once again, something that they rely on in terms of healthcare coverage is what happens to Medicare. Well, Medicare and the trust fund for Medicare will have a shortened life by 2 or 3 years because it takes $170 billion from the Medicare trust fund. To do what? What does all of this mean? Who benefits from this legisla-tion that my Republican colleagues want to pass tomorrow and who are strong-arming their own Members to vote for it? Who benefits? Don’t take my word for it, but the Joint Committee on Taxation esti-mates that two of the tax breaks in the repeal bill will give a $275 billion tax cut to individuals with incomes over $200,000; $190 billion in tax cuts for in-surance companies and drug companies who are making a fortune, for medical device manufacturers who are making a fortune. And so what is the balance? It is working Americans, older Amer-icans who are going to pay increased costs for premiums and deductibles, and the wealthiest corporations and in-dividuals are going to get a $600 billion tax cut. I will make one final comment be-cause this is where the values of this Nation come into play, and when you think about a young woman in my dis-trict, Mnikesa Whitaker. She is 36 years old. She has an autoimmune dis-ease known as scleroderma. She cannot breathe without an oxygen tank. She cannot work any longer at 36 years old. What she says to me is, without the Af-fordable Care Act, each day is one day less in her life. We cannot let the Mnikesa Whitakers all over this Nation down in order to be able to take care of tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and increase the costs to working Americans and older Americans. We have an opportunity to say no to-morrow and defeat this Republican healthcare plan supported by the Presi-dent and the Speaker of this House, which will only do great damage to the health care of the people of this great Nation. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good colleague from Connecticut so much for that incredibly compelling testimony of why we cannot let this bill pass. Let me summarize what you heard in this last hour from Members across our country who are terrified. Frankly, this plan—TrumpCare, the pay more get less plan, the broken promises plan—might actually pass. We have to make sure that it does not pass. So, in summary, TrumpCare strips healthcare coverage from 24 million Americans. It cuts $880 billion—that is almost a trillion dollars—from Med-icaid expansion, and it gives $600 bil-lion in tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans and corporations while cut-ting benefits for seniors, working fami-lies, and the most vulnerable among us. Frankly, we don’t know everything it does because there have been amend-ments after amendments that have been passed today. We still don’t know what the full impact of this bill is, yet they are pushing through a vote tomor-row if they can get enough votes to pass it. TrumpCare is going to raise the cost of health care by about $14,000 for those between the ages of 50 and 64. That is the age tax you have heard about on the floor tonight. And it is going to raise premiums for almost everyone. It puts a 30 percent penalty for getting health care to anyone who suffers any kind of a catastrophic event that throws you off of health care. If you lose your job and somehow you end up without health care for a couple months, you are going to have to pay 30 percent more in order to get your health care back. You heard from Representative K
EN-
NEDY about mental health, you heard from Representative E
LEANOR HOLMES  N
ORTON about work requirements, and that is just a piece of what this TrumpCare bill does. Tomorrow I will join my Democratic colleagues and hopefully enough Re-publican colleagues who know that our job is to make sure we provide health care for everyone across this country. Tomorrow I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the 24 million people who will lose their cov-erage. I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the almost 15 million people who will lose their coverage under Medicaid expansion alone. I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the millions of low-income women who rely on serv-ices from Planned Parenthood. I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the tens of thousands of people who will literally die each year if the Republicans succeed in repealing the health care that we have now. Let’s be clear that the Republican majority has been passing legislation and voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act for 7 years, yet they could not come up with a plan that would, in fact, do what they promised, which is to make sure that we are covering more Americans at lower prices. As my friend, Representative R
ASKIN , said, this is not a healthcare plan. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.082 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2340 March 22, 2017 
healthcare plan would cover more peo-ple. This is a tax plan to take the bene-fits that working families were receiv-ing on healthcare coverage across the country and convert it into tax bene-fits for the wealthiest, $600 billion in tax benefits. People around the country are call-ing in to say if you care about the American people and if you care about providing health care for all of us, this is a bad plan, you should not vote for it. And Republicans are hopefully lis-tening to constituents across the coun-try, to their Governors in Republican States, Republican Governors who have said how much Medicaid expansion has helped their States. They have asked and pleaded for people to keep what we have; to make it better, yes, but not to strip $880 billion away. Just recently, P
AUL RYAN, the Speaker of our House, was quoted as saying that he has been dreaming about yanking health care away from the people who need it the most since he was ‘‘drinking at a keg.’’ This is what he said: ‘‘So Medicaid, sending it back to the states, capping its growth rate, we’ve been dreaming of this since I have been around—since you and I were drinking at the keg. . . .’’ Well, I don’t know what he was thinking about when he was drinking at the keg, but I can tell you that what we have been dreaming about as Demo-crats, as people who care about the health care of people across this coun-try is that we cover people, that we don’t put anyone in a position where they are one healthcare crisis away from bankruptcy, that we make sure that kids can get asthma inhalers, that we make sure that grandma and grandpa can go into the nursing home and get the care that they need. If we pass this bill tomorrow, those grand-parents are not going to have the care that they need. Nursing homes are going to shut down. We are going to take away jobs from rural areas, rural hospitals across this country. Mr. Speaker, today, as we close this Progressive Caucus Special Order hour, I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that I believe we all have the interests of the American peo-ple at heart, and if we do, then I hope we will stop this TrumpCare bill from moving forward tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL TERM LIMITS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I was back in Green Bay, Wisconsin, the past week. Someone asked me: What is the biggest surprise you have encoun-tered since being in Congress? I said: I will give you a negative sur-prise and a positive surprise. The nega-tive surprise was how much of our time is spent here in Congress doing things that really, in my opinion, have noth-ing to do with the hard task of legis-lating, running around to an endless series of meetings that distract us from the hard work of the floor of coming together and fixing problems. I said: But on the positive side, I have been blown away by the quality of talent, the commitment to service, and just the incredible collection of experi-ences we have in the freshman class of the 115th Congress—on both sides of the aisle, by the way. I think we have a unique opportunity to seize this moment and send a mes-sage to our citizens back home that we are ready to change politics as usual and we are ready to work together to get things done. So today we would like to speak about that in general and in particular about term limits, an idea whose time has come. In my 10 years in the Marine Corps and during two deployments to Iraq, I saw brave young men and women from across this country working together, doing whatever it took to accomplish the very difficult mission. b1715 I would submit that our constituents from across the country sent us here to accomplish a very difficult mission. They sent us here not to treat our time here as a career, but rather like a de-ployment, an act with a sense of ur-gency to get things done. And, my gosh, do we have a list of problems that we need to fix. Our healthcare system in this coun-try has failed the American people, the Federal debt and deficit continue to balloon, taxes are driving out busi-nesses and jobs, and our foreign policy is in shambles right now. These issues aren’t new, yet they never seem to get fixed. Why is that? Well, I would argue because Washington isn’t working for the American people. The people’s House has become distracted and dis-torted from its original intention. It is up to us—the new Members of Con-gress—to fix that and restore the bal-ance that the Founders and the Fram-ers had in mind—the concept of the cit-izen legislator—people from all walks of life who would put aside their pri-mary responsibility and come and em-bark on a season of service and then re-turn home when that season was done. Today, I am proud to be joined by my fellow freshmen Members of Congress who are going to speak about term lim-its. It is my honor to welcome a man who served his country for a career in uniform in the Air Force. He could have enjoyed a nice retirement and had some relaxing time, but he chose to step up and serve yet again in Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ), my distin-guished colleague, the pride of Omaha, Nebraska, a general, now Congressman. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Wisconsin for or-ganizing this. He is a wonderful fresh-man Member of the class. I rise today in support of congres-sional term limits. In 1846, when then-Congressman Abraham Lincoln was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, he was part of a freshman class that made up one half of the 35th Congress. In other words, half of the Congress were new Members when he got elected. Today, in the 115th Congress, our freshmen class of 55 Members make up less than 20 percent of this body. But here is a more stark number. In the last election, 97 percent of House incumbents won reelection—97 percent. Only 3 percent of the chal-lengers defeated an incumbent. I was fortunate to be one of the exceptions to these overwhelming odds. Since Abraham Lincoln, our country has grown, this institution has grown, and so has the length of time Members stay here. As a person who is new to Congress and is new to politics, I can tell you the reason why congressional favorability ratings are now at 8 per-cent. Our constituents feel that we have lost touch. The longer we stay here in Congress and don’t cycle back to our home districts, the more out of touch we are perceived. To restore America’s trust in Con-gress, we must institute term limits. Our Forefathers intended the House of Representatives to be an arm of gov-ernment closest to the people, and to be the purest embodiment of a rep-resentative democracy. Members of the people’s House were to come from dif-ferent walks of life and careers to bet-ter shape the direction of our great country. Members of Congress were to feel obligated to serve by a sense of civic duty rather than a desire to pur-sue a career in public office. We have lost sight of this intent. The American people deserve new ideas from new faces here in Wash-ington. This is the principal reason why I am here today with this great honor bestowed on me from the people of Nebraska’s Second District. Congres-sional term limits would ensure that we send more successful farmers, suc-cessful teachers, business leaders, doc-tors, nurses, and veterans to Wash-ington so that we can address problems with a firsthand perspective. We need more people in Congress who were suc-cessful prior to becoming a politician. We need to restore this House as the people’s House. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, lis-tening to my colleague’s remarks, I was reminded of what another general, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.084 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2341 March 22, 2017 
General Dwight D. Eisenhower, said: ‘‘You know, farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil, and you’re a thousand miles from the cornfield.’’ I think that sentiment was echoed by D
ONBACON , which is to say people who have actual experience dealing with hard problems are the best type of peo-ple to legislate on those problems from Congress. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to wel-come another distinguished colleague from Louisiana. We in Wisconsin are all honored to welcome a bunch of LSU fans to Lambeau Field. I won’t rehash how that went, but it was a great com-ing together of two great sports fans. It was really a privilege for everyone there. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ), my col-league. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished col-league, particularly for not recounting the events of that game. But we are here, Mr. Speaker, to talk about a very important issue to our country and to all of us. Prior to my election to Congress last December, for nearly 20 years, I prac-ticed primarily in the arena of con-stitutional law. I had the great privi-lege of litigating often high-profile cases around the country, defending re-ligious liberty, the sanctity of human life, and traditional American values. I deeply revere our matchless Con-stitution, and I fought to defend its ap-plication according to its plain lan-guage and its original intent. I believe our Founding Fathers were divinely in-spired to draft our extraordinary founding documents just as they did and to establish for us the framework of a free Republic. It has been the model for, and the envy of, the other nations of the world since its creation. America is different. America is ex-ceptional. And we are, as the Gipper used to say, ‘‘the shining city upon a hill,’’ citing scripture, and ‘‘the last, best hope of man on the Earth.’’ For all their merits, however, even the original provisions of the Constitu-tion are sometimes appropriate for modification by the people. The Found-ers understood this. They recognized that, in spite of their great wisdom, they could not foresee every future contingency and change in our society and our government. So they provided us an orderly process to amend our great Constitution. I am one who believes the time has come to end a term limits provision, precisely because the form and func-tion of so many aspects of our Federal Government have evolved today into something the Founders could never have imagined two centuries ago. First, I believe the Founders as-sumed, I think they assumed that there would be a regular turnover of Federal officeholders. Why do we say that? Well, one of our seminal and foundational principles is the limita-tion and the separation of powers. It is one of the things that makes us unique in the way that we have set up our gov-ernment. The Founders incorporated terms of service and staggered service in the U.S. Senate. Of course, they could have instituted term limits back then, but I think they believed that it was unnec-essary. Look at the statistics of the Found-ers’ era. The rate of reelection and re-turn to Congress back then was rough-ly 50 percent. You just heard my learned colleague from Nebraska re-port to you here that the last election cycle, it is much, much higher. Now, in America, the rate of reelection and re-turn to Congress is 97 percent. That is not something I think that the Found-ers would have ever imagined. Today, we also have fewer and fewer marginal districts. Incumbents often win by landslides because they have such huge advantages in terms of grow-ing financial support, modern media exposure, and constituent service oper-ations. Another modern phenomena is that studies show Members tend to support more and more government spending the longer they serve in Congress, and this is true across the political spec-trum. That has created a real problem, because the Federal Government has grown so very large now as a result of all that spending. Its scope and power is just simply exponentially greater now than it was in the Founders’ era. At the same time, accountability has gradually decreased over the years as the growing bureaucracy has developed into a sort of fourth branch of govern-ment. Over the past several decades, a growing class of nameless, faceless bu-reaucrats have been allowed to absorb and handle more and more of the au-thority and to handle more and more of the contentious and most consequen-tial issues that face our Nation. The problem is the bureaucrats never have to face or answer to the voters. Many who have served in Congress for many decades have become part of what we now refer to as America’s pro-fessional political class. Those Mem-bers have gradually become more de-tached, and some have fully lost touch with the real concerns of the citizens they represent. Due to the busy schedule here, Mem-bers of Congress now spend far more time in the beltway than they did in the founding era for certain. And one has to strive much harder now to be at home as often as necessary to keep in touch with the folks that all of us rep-resent. For many, when they are here a long time, their ideals tend to grow old with time, their energy often wanes, and ideas naturally get stale. There is much to be said for fresh faces. In my home State of Louisiana, we instituted term limits in our State leg-islature several years ago. I had the honor of serving there for a short time before I came to Congress. And I can testify today, from my own experience, that the turnover process in the Lou-isiana legislature has been a very healthy thing for our State. There are new faces, new ideas, and new ap-proaches to problems that have beset our State for generations. As in a State legislature, a term lim-ited Member of Congress would be more willing to do a number of things, in-cluding act quickly to fix problems, rather than merely manage them or delegate broad powers to the executive branch and the bureaucracy. They would be more willing to question bu-reaucracies and the old-established programs. And I think they would nat-urally enjoy greater independence. Logic simply tells us that term limits would also allow for a greater diversity of people, ideas, and backgrounds in Congress, naturally evolving this legis-lative body into one that more closely reflects the people and the actual de-mographics of our Nation, as I think the Congress did in the Founders’ era. Today, there is a real bipartisan dis-appointment about Congress and its dysfunction. Thankfully, our new President has taken determined steps toward addressing this issue. Some of these actions have already greatly upset Washington and the politically established. But these changes are im-portant because the transparent and accessible government is the very basis of a democracy. This is why I have made this one of my top priorities while in Congress. I congratulate all of my colleagues who joined me in that resolve. I truly be-lieve the future of our government and how it is run depends upon how we han-dle important issues like this. We need to look no further than our last Presidential election to see how out of touch the people believe that Washington can be. Polls say that be-tween 75 and 80 percent of the Amer-ican people right now support term limits for Congress, and I also believe that it is the right move for our Na-tion. Desperate times call for desperate measures, and I think we have reached that point. Let’s give the people a chance to de-cide this important matter. Let’s go through the constitutional amendment process. Let’s put it to a vote of the elected representatives of the people. And let us return to the ideals of ac-countability, selfless public service, and the model of the citizen legislator. I will continue to push for reforms in our government and combat corruption and D.C. cronyism as long as I am here. Our Founders intended our government was to be one of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people, as Lincoln fa-mously said. Imposing congressional term limits will help restore that foundational principle, and it will send a strong message to our children and future generations that America is still a country that puts national interests above personal agenda. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for bringing this to the floor tonight. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. J
OHNSON . And I just want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.086 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2342 March 22, 2017 
say that he and all the great citizens of the great State of Louisiana are wel-come back any time to Lambeau Field. It was an honor to have him there. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to intro-duce a colleague from Pennsylvania’s Eighth District, who served his coun-try in the FBI. I am now honored to serve with him on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, to which he brings an incredible wealth of experience. I think he is living proof of the necessity of embarking on term limits and imple-menting them now. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ), my col-league, for his leadership on this issue, and to all the Members of our class who have joined together in the shared belief that this institution is one of, by, and for the people, not one belong-ing to a class of professional politi-cians or partisan elites. Since being sworn in earlier this year to serve the people of Bucks and Montgomery Coun-ty, I have made it my mission to ad-vance commonsense bipartisan govern-ment reform agenda that includes, per-haps, the single most important thing that I believe we need to do in this Na-tion, and that is institute term limits. For 14 years, serving as an FBI agent, most of that time being in the political corruption units throughout the coun-try, there was one commonality that I saw very frequently—there was an un-mistakable correlation between the length of time in office and the in-stances of corruption, and that the lines that were very bright for elected officials coming into the system on day one weren’t so bright in year 7, 8, or 9, and certainly not in year 15 or 20. Even the most well-intended back-bone individuals oftentimes can be cor-rupted by a system that has the power to change some people. Those lines be-come blurred over time. And it is with this background and these real-world experiences that myself and my col-leagues are pushing this issue, in this House of Representatives, in this Chamber, for the 115th Congress. I, myself, introduced House Resolu-tion 7 on my first day, among other re-form-minded measures, on my first day in Congress. This was a constitutional amendment that would, once and for all, set term limits for Members of the House and the Senate. As tonight shows, there is a wide range of support for this need of re-form. And, in a time of deep political division and distrust between citizens and their government at an all-time high, term limits can be the first step towards restoring the essential bond between the American people and Con-gress. So I urge my colleagues to join us in transitioning power away from the po-litical class here in Washington, D.C., and sending it back to its rightful place—in the hands of the American people. b1730 I thank my colleague, Mr. FITZPATRICK , not only for his leader-ship on this issue, but on a host of issues related to congressional reform, whether it is no budget, no pay, or a se-ries of other bills that he has intro-duced; and I look forward to working with him. Mr. Speaker, just to show that this is an issue that transcends parties, that transcends ideological divide, I am honored to yield to my colleague from the great State of California (Mr. K
HANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
ALLAGHER for his bipar-tisan leadership on the term limits ini-tiative, and my friend General B
ERGMAN for his leadership on this issue. I don’t think term limits are a par-tisan issue. The Economist had an arti-cle that the turnover rate in the peo-ple’s House is less than European mon-archies. European nobility turnover is at a faster rate. Incumbency reelection is 96 percent. When folks say, ‘‘Why can’t you just vote people out of of-fice,’’ it is not looking at the actual statistics. Ninety-six percent of folks here are reelected, and that is not what our Founders intended. James Madison and Alexander Ham-ilton agreed: ‘‘The security intended to the general liberty consists in the fre-quent election and in the rotation of the Members of Congress.’’ They envisioned a place where people would come, serve, and go back home to their communities. Thomas Jefferson said that people ought to live, lawmakers ought to live under the laws that they pass. The only way we get back to our founding ideals is if we pass some version of term lim-its so that people do their public serv-ice, and then return to the commu-nities where they reside. This bill on term limits is really a move against political dynasty, and that is one thing that this election showed us people really were not for. They don’t like the idea of a few fami-lies, or people connected, holding the reins of power. Let me end with someone who I think summed this up so eloquently, which is Barbara Bush, our former First Lady. She said: ‘‘If we can’t find more than two or three families to run for high office, that’s silly, because there are great governors and great eli-gible people to run. And I think that the Kennedys, Clintons, Bushes, there are just more families than that.’’ This is from Barbara Bush, who un-derstood the essence of democracy is to have new voices, new families, new ideas. That is why I hope that people across the aisle will support the initia-tive for term limits. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman K
HANNA for his comments. He gets at a really impor-tant point, which opponents of term limits will say: Well, we have term lim-its that occur naturally every 2 years. But as he pointed out, with a 94 percent incumbent reelection rate, and a turn-over rate that is less than European monarchy, it isn’t working that way, owing to the advantages of incum-bency. So we need to take action right now. I thank him for his commitment to this. This really is a bipartisan issue. I am now honored to yield time to my fellow Marine, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), a man who also served his country in uniform, and like General B
ACON before, could have easily decided to enjoy retirement, but felt the call to step up and serve his country again. He brings a wealth of experience, and it is my honor to serve with General—now Congressman—J
ACK B
ERGMAN . We are neighbors. We have territory that borders each other, and so far, we have avoided any land dis-putes. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
ALLAGHER for his lead-ership on this issue, and the leadership across the board here as a Member of what we—I think most of us smile when we say the freshman class, be-cause when I look across the experi-ence level of all of the freshman Con-gressmen, no matter Democrat or Re-publican, what this country is blessed to have today, as Members of this 115th Congress, are people who come here with the sense of mission, a sense of purpose, a sense that we know what we have here in this country. We may have disagreements as to how we are going to get to where we need to go, but we all agree that we need to go there. The question is: How do we do it? One of the ways you create an envi-ronment where you have fresh ideas and fresh ways of looking at it is to change the people who are presenting and acting those ideas. I find myself asking many times as we stand on the floor here: What would the Founders say if they were here today with us? How would they look at how we are enacting their vision of what it means to be a constitutionally- based Republic that is ‘‘We the Peo-ple’’? How would they react? I think there are probably a few things that they could not have imag-ined. Twitter or Snapchat might be one of them—pick your way of commu-nicating across the spectrum that we now have today as our reality. I am not saying those things are bad. They are just the new reality that we have. So how do we take what was given to us as a framework and move it for-ward? Well, again, my colleagues have all eloquently very well stated that they believe that we need to have a higher turnover in Congress. Term limits is going to be a very good first step in en-suring that we maintain the freshness of ideas. When you look at the challenges that face our country, we know that there are people out there who have chosen not to run, for whatever reason, be-cause of the fact that they view they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.088 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2343 March 22, 2017 
can make more of a difference outside of Congress. That is too bad, because we need good people. We need them. We need them to be here, to be part of us. One of the brutal realities as—author Jim Collins of ‘‘Good to Great,’’ you know, he talks about facing the brutal realities. One of the brutal realities that I believe we have to face is the professional politician. That wasn’t written about anywhere 240 years ago. It just occurred over time. It is our responsibility—especially as a freshman class, you can feel the pas-sion that we believe is the right pas-sion to be put behind term limits to begin to make the change necessary. So we are all in this together. In fact, I am proud to be a member of the fresh-man class, and I am proud of the fact that we signed a commitment to civil-ity a couple of months ago that put us in a position where we are finding our voice. And what you are hearing today from our colleagues is part of that voice says: We need to do some things a little differently. So let’s move forward; let’s expand the debate; and let’s make sure that we are inclusive in everyone who wants to get their opinion heard on this issue; and make sure that those who have questions about what we mean, we ar-ticulate it because in so many areas we have got big decisions to make. This is going to be a big one. In the Marines, we accept the mis-sion that is assigned; we plan and train for it, and then we execute it, and we get it right. And that doesn’t mean we don’t make a few tweaks in the proc-ess, but the bottom line is that we ac-complish the mission. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all of my colleagues to seriously consider get-ting behind support for term limits in the United States Congress. Mr. GALLAGHER. I thank Congress-man B
ERGMAN not only for his leader-ship in the freshman class, but a life-time of leadership and a lifetime spent leading marines. I ask my team here in Congress, whenever we are considering a difficult issue, to apply what I call the lance corporal test. In other words, how are the policies that we are debating today and how is the legislation that we are considering going to affect that lance corporal, that 19-year-old man or woman at the tip of the spear? I think General B
ERGMAN has seen in his career how messy things can get at the tip of the spear when you are far removed from air-conditioned offices in Washington, D.C. I believe having more people not only with military experience, but with ex-perience from a wide range of occupa-tions will allow us to more thought-fully consider how our policies here, designed in Washington, D.C., have real impacts on the American people and, indeed, across the world. I now yield to the gentleman (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) from Lubbock, Texas, to talk more about this issue. It has been great to work with the pride of Texas Tech, the pride of Lubbock, Texas. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague for his leadership on this very important issue. I have made the statement often when I ran for this office that I ran to change not only the course for this country, but the culture of Wash-ington. It is my strong belief that we cannot change the course in any mean-ingful way without changing the cul-ture. So I want to, again, thank my col-league, MIKEGALLAGHER , for his lead-ership in rallying the freshman class, both Republicans and Democrats, on an issue that I think, because of this unique time in the history of our coun-try, a time that I think calls for bold action, he is seizing the opportunity and heeding that call on behalf of our freshman class. And so I am deeply grateful for his courageous leadership. Our country, the greatest experiment in liberty and democracy, was con-ceived by men of great principle; men who were committed to leading, to gov-erning; and, yes—and I know this isn’t popular—to compromising; making dif-ficult decisions and putting the Na-tion’s interest above their own per-sonal interest. They were also men who never envisioned a lifelong career in politics. In 1819, only 1 percent of Representa-tives had served over 16 years. Now, 20 percent of Representatives have served over 16 years. The current scenario where Members of Congress serve for 15, 20, even 30 years, is inconsistent with the Founders’ view of citizen statesmen. We need an environment that encourages politicians to do what is right not by their party or some spe-cial interest, and certainly not to se-cure their long-term career goals, but to do what is right for their fellow countrymen. Period. I think passing legislation to imple-ment term limits across the board is a good step in the right direction. I am grateful to be a part of this body and a part of this freshman class. It is such a unique time in our Nation’s history. We need to go big; we need to go bold; or we need to go home. So thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, and my distinguished col-league. Mr. GALLAGHER. I thank Congress-man A
RRINGTON for his comments. As he rightfully points out, the time is now for big and bold action. We have a unique window of opportunity here that we must seize. The American peo-ple gave us an opportunity to turn this country around, to really, in my opin-ion, save the country. But that is all it is: a fleeting opportunity. And what we do over the coming days and weeks will determine whether we get more of that opportunity. I thank Congressman A
RRINGTON for reminding us that this is just the first step; that the hard work is yet to come. We have to fight for this idea to implement it, and there is a lot of hard work ahead. I look forward to working with him on that. I know there is a division of opinions on this issue, and there are some prin-cipled arguments against term limits. I just remember talking with the man who held this seat before I did, Congressman Reid Ribble. He had spent his entire life in roofing, which was a nonstandard preparation for serving in Congress, but he decided to give up his successful private sector career to come here for a season of service and to work on behalf of the people of north-east Wisconsin. b1745 He term-limited himself. I would de-bate this issue with him, and we went back and forth. Ultimately, he said something that stuck with me, and I think it is the most powerful argument for implementing term limits. He said: Every day, I woke up, and I knew that I had one less day to make a difference in the people’s House. One less day. And so every day, I woke up with a sense of urgency, wanting to fix problems and get things done on behalf of my constituents. I just think about that whenever I consider this debate. I just think about, if all 535 Members of the House and the Senate woke up with that same sense of urgency, if we all woke up every day knowing we had one less day to make a difference, imagine what we could accomplish working together. So, Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues who have spoken so elo-quently on behalf of term limits, and I look forward to working with them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
U.S. POLICY TOWARDS KOSOVO The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, an Olym-pic Gold Medal; groundbreaking inter-national conferences on religious co-operation intolerance; membership in the World Bank, the IMF, and other international bodies; and recognition by more than 110 countries—these are only some of the accomplishments of the young nation of Kosovo. The United States was among the first to recognize Kosovo, and today we are its strongest backer, and rightfully so. First recognized by President Bush, relations only deepened under Presi-dent Obama. For that, Kosovo proudly has become the strongest supporter of the United States and Europe, sitting at an 85 percent approval rating. This is not to say that Kosovo is a perfect country. We are not a perfect country. Corruption needs to be at-tacked in Kosovo. Judicial reform is progressing far too slowly. And official unemployment hovers at just above 30 percent. So there is hard work to be done. There is obviously a lot of work to do. But I have visited this country again and again and again and again; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.089 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2344 March 22, 2017 
and every time, I see progress, and I know there is a bright future. I have often said that, as an Amer-ican, I can go all around the world, but I will never get greeted with more love and friendship than I will in Kosovo. People there truly love Americans and all things American. The best way to help Kosovo is through continued, strong support, as the United States has done for many years. But too many impediments stand in the way, many of them com-ing from outside of Kosovo’s borders. For example, Kosovo wants what most countries across the region want, to become part of a secure and inte-grated Europe, membership in the Eu-ropean Union and in NATO. Yet, just five European holdouts stand in the way of this progress for Kosovo. When it comes to United Nations membership, Kosovo’s way forward is blocked by Serbia and its ally, Russia. In fact, Serbia seeks to block Kosovo at almost every turn, and lately has been escalating tensions. Both Serbia and Kosovo want to go to the European Union, and I support both of them getting into the European Union. But one of those countries shouldn’t try to block another one, and Serbia has repeatedly tried to make it difficult for Kosovo to get into the EU and to get other things as well. Serbia recently sent into Kosovo’s north a propaganda train emblazoned with the words, Serbia is Kosovo, writ-ten in 21 languages to foment discord among Kosovo’s small Serbian popu-lation. It pushed the building of a wall in Metrovica, a tiny city straddling the cleavages of Kosovo’s interethnic di-vide. While that wall has now come down, the scars remain. Serbia has continued to deny justice to the loved ones of hundreds of vic-tims of its campaign of ethnic cleans-ing, including three American citizens, the Bytyqi brothers. And there are all kinds of insults, from a train and other things, giving propaganda against Kosovo by Serbia pushed to the Ser-bian-Kosovo border that helps to esca-late tensions rather than bring them down. As a result of a Serbian INTERPOL arrest warrant, French authorities re-cently detained former Kosovo Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj, who has already been acquitted twice by an international tribunal. We in the United States have this wonderful thing of no double jeopardy. If you go to trial and you are acquit-ted, you cannot be tried on the same thing again. That isn’t true of many countries. So Ramush Haradinaj was accused of war crimes, went to The Hague, spent many weeks and months there, was ac-quitted, and then was recharged again, and had to go back to The Hague to have another trial on which he was again acquitted. Now, Serbia has ma-nipulated INTERPOL to try to get a third trial on essentially the same matter for Ramush Haradinaj again. This, to me, is unconscionable and shows tremendous bad faith on the part of the Serbian Government. Serbia also fought Kosovo’s member-ship in UNESCO, ultimately a self-de-feating act, because among Kosovo’s most cherished historical cultural in-stitutions are its 13th century Serbian Orthodox churches. Kosovo did not get into UNESCO. It failed by three votes, and again the Serbian interruption played a major role in preventing them from getting into UNESCO. The United States fought to have Kosovo into UNESCO, but ultimately lost by three votes. Kosovo and Serbia have sat down across the negotiating table in talks facilitated by the European Union. Those talks showed some progress that resulted in an agreement calling for normalization. I even nominated, at that time, the Prime Ministers of Kosovo and Serbia, along with the EU’s former policy head, Baroness Catherine Ashton, for the Nobel Peace Prize. Unfortunately, today, I question these successes. What kind of normal-ization involves stoking tensions among a neighbor’s minority popu-lation and standing in the way of inter-national integration? That is what Ser-bia is doing to Kosovo, and it should be stopped. In terms of Ramush Haradinaj, try-ing to try him again, I don’t know why the Government of Serbia seems intent on rekindling 20- and 30-year-old Bal-kan wars. They were terrible things that happened in war and terrible things that happened on both sides, but the man was found innocent twice. This is nothing more than bad faith on the part of the Serbian Government and harassment. It might come as a surprise to you, Mr. Speaker, but 9 years on, as a free and independent country, Kosovo still has no army. That is right. A sovereign nation-state without an army. It has a small, lightly armed security force, but nothing resembling the large Russian- equipped Serbian military just next door. Earlier this month, Kosovo took a small step toward establishing its army. Legislation was submitted to parliament. Like the legislative proc-ess here in the United States, the in-troduction of a bill is only the opening note on a much larger and longer sheet of music, a score which involves con-sultation with regional partners, the international community, domestic minorities, and NGOs. We all know how this process works. There is back and forth, there is give and take. Supporters and opponents alike are welcome into the arena and all positions are heard. The process ac-counts for everybody’s concerns in some way or another. So what is in this proposal? What would Kosovo’s army look like? It would be multiethnic, just as the Kosovo security force and the Kosovo police are now. It would partner with Western countries and hopefully NATO in pursuit of greater regional and international stability. It would be de-fensive and nonthreatening to Kosovo’s neighbors. Mr. Speaker, it would be ex-actly what the United States wants to see in a partner. Yet, while Kosovo slowly moves to set up its small defensive force, Serbia is beefing up its military with full Rus-sian backing. It is taking deliveries of T–72 tanks, MiG–29 fighters, and S–300 antiaircraft missile systems, courtesy of Moscow and Vladimir Putin. So I am a little confused, Mr. Speak-er. Kosovo, a country we support and which supports us, wants what every other country in the world has: a basic army in which its citizens can serve their nation, and probably serve along-side our own military if given the chance. What do we do? We offer rebukes and diplomatic threats, and we make it clear that we don’t support Kosovo having an army at this time. That is absolutely absurd and is a position that we ought to change, and change quickly. Yet Russian weapons and ma-teriel are pouring into Serbia, courtesy of Vladimir Putin; and as far as I can tell, the United States has stood in si-lence. Regardless, Mr. Speaker, America’s relation with Kosovo is strong and the future is bright. We need to stay on that course. Kosovo is a young coun-try. I have been there many, many times. It is not even 10 years old. We know better than anyone that building a democracy is hard work. Sometimes you will face setbacks. Sometimes you need a helping hand. That is why American support is more important than ever. That is why the United States should work to deepen our ties, enrich our mutual under-standing, and continue to bring sta-bility to the entire Balkan region. That is the way to a more prosperous, democratic, and multiethnic Kosovo; and that is the way for the United States to see a Balkan region free, at peace, and part of the whole of Europe. Meanwhile, France should send Ramush Haradinaj home. Enough is enough already. We cannot stand for any more of this nonsense. The United States should stand by Kosovo. Kosovo is a free and inde-pendent country. For many years, they were fed all kinds of lies about the United States during the old Com-munist regime in the fifties, sixties, and seventies. You know what? The people of Kosovo didn’t believe a word of it. So I would say to my colleagues and to my friends and to all of our Amer-ican citizens: When you visit Kosovo, you will know and you will be proud to be an American because people come up to you in the street and want to touch you, want to talk to you, want to do everything and be everything American. Those are the kinds of friends that we need. America does much for many, many people around the world, many, many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.092 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2345 March 22, 2017 
nations, and sometimes we feel it is not appreciated—but not in Kosovo. Everything the United States has helped that country with is appreciated from everyone, from the Prime Min-ister to the President, to people in gov-ernment, to the average people in the street. I very often have people coming up to me in the street wanting to talk to me. They recognize me. They say: Thank you. Thank you to America for stand-ing by us in our independence. Thank you to America for being strong and keeping us strong. So those are the kinds of friends I want to have. Those are the kind of people I want to have. So I would say to the people of Kosovo and the Government of Kosovo: The United States stands by you and always will stand by you. I would say to the Government of Serbia: We support the aspirations of the Serbian people to enter the Euro-pean Union, but Serbia ought to stop doing what it is doing to block Kosovo. Serbia ought to stop its belligerent moves against Kosovo. Both countries should go into the Eu-ropean Union—and eventually, NATO— and each one should not stop each other. They should help each other. 
HEALTH CARE  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to spend the next couple of moments talk-ing about a subject that is very near and dear to everyone’s heart, and that is health care. I want to do it because tomorrow we have a big healthcare vote here in the Congress, and I think it is very important that we all very clearly lay out what we really feel should happen. Last week, as part of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I was up for about 28 hours in a row marking up a bill that was done all night long. At the time when we marked it up, we thought it was a bit silly because the bill hadn’t been scored by the Congres-sional Budget Office, so we had no idea what it cost. It was like buying a pig in a poke. How could you decide whether something is good or not when you don’t even know what the cost is? Since we obviously don’t have unlim-ited funds, if something costs more money, we have to pull it out of some-place else. b1800 So we voted on a bill. Unfortunately, it was a strict party-line vote, and the bill passed. Shortly thereafter, a few days later, the Congressional Budget Office scored it; and I think it was, frankly, from my vantage point, a dis-aster for the bill. Now, what I think that this Congress should be doing is I think that we should make tweaks and fix the Afford-able Care Act, or ObamaCare. There are many, many good things in ObamaCare, in the healthcare bill, in the healthcare act, that has now been here for many, many years. But there are also some problems with it. You know, every major bill that has been passed by this Congress and signed into law needed some tweaks, needed some changes, because you pass a law with good intention, but some-times it doesn’t work out exactly as you wanted it to work out. So you need to change things, you need to make im-provements. When you see what is working, what is not working, that is what you do. That is what this Congress should do with ObamaCare. We should say where premiums are going up or where cer-tain jurisdictions only have one insur-ance company and, therefore, there is no competition, we can figure out ways to fix it. We can figure out ways to tweak it. That is what the American people would want us to do. The Amer-ican people would want us to work to-gether and would want us to work in a bipartisan fashion to try to fix what was wrong with ObamaCare. Now, there are many wonderful things about ObamaCare. First of all, everyone knows it eliminated the so- called preexisting condition problem, where before, when you changed jobs and you went to a new insurance com-pany, the insurance company said, ‘‘Sorry, you have had cancer for 3 years and you have been treated; we are not going to treat you for cancer because it is a preexisting condition,’’ or a heart attack or whatever it is. That was basi-cally unconscionable. And millions of people couldn’t get help because they changed a job and, therefore, changed a healthcare plan. That was changed in ObamaCare. And that was a very, very important thing because an insurance company can now no longer deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Also, as everybody knows, children up to 26 years old can now stay and be insured under their parents’ insurance plans. That was a very good plus of ObamaCare, or of the Affordable Care Act. And there were other very, very im-portant, good things. We had more peo-ple being covered than ever before. People who had never had health cov-erage got it now because of the Afford-able Care Act. So what do we see now? We see, in-stead of trying to put it together in a bipartisan fashion, trying to fix it, we have this bill which passed the Energy and Commerce Committee and passed the Ways and Means Committee and supposedly is going to be on the floor tomorrow if they can round up the votes. They are having difficulty rounding up the votes. And what do we see when we look at this new bill that they are asking us to vote for? Let me tell you what we see. If this bill would ever come into law, we would have much less coverage than ever before. Many people would lose their healthcare coverage, and we would have a smaller population actu-ally being covered for health care. We call it TrumpCare, and TrumpCare will take away health care from 24 million hardworking Ameri-cans. That is not acceptable. Why shouldn’t we be working to-gether to improve ObamaCare? Why do we need a new plan that will insure 24 million less people than we insure now? It is bizarre. It makes no sense whatso-ever. We also feel, when we analyze it—and this is, again, what the Congressional Budget Office tells us—there are higher costs. TrumpCare forces families to pay increased out-of-pocket costs and higher deductibles. So what does that all mean? It means you pay more and you get less. That is a pretty bad deal. I don’t think anybody wants that deal. I think Democrats and Republicans, alike, don’t want that deal. I think Ameri-cans don’t want that deal. We want it the opposite way. We would like to pay less and get coverage. But what TrumpCare does to the Affordable Care Act, you pay more and you get less. If that weren’t bad enough, an anal-ysis of it finds that there is a crushing age tax. TrumpCare forces Americans between the ages of 50 and 64 to pay premiums which are five times higher than what others pay for health cov-erage, no matter how healthy they are. Talk about discrimination. If you are a 50-year-old that is in good health, why should you have to pay five times more premium than what others pay for health coverage? Doesn’t sound like a very good idea to me. And then you say: How do they get the money to pay for whatever? Well, it steals from Medicaid and Medicare. TrumpCare ransacks the Medicaid funds that allow seniors to get the long-term care they need and shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years. Again, pretty bad deal for me. And you say: Well, who benefits from this? If this is something that people are going to have to pay more and get less coverage, it is discriminatory for people ages 50 to 64. It hurts middle class people making $30,000, $40,000, $50,000, $60,000 a year, hurts them and hurts seniors, knocks seniors out. Well, who does it help? Well, guess what? TrumpCare ran-sacks the Medicaid funds that allow seniors to get the long-term care they need. I said that before. But what does it do? It lowers tax cuts for the rich. So the rich get more tax cuts—I am sorry. It doesn’t lower it. It gives the rich more tax cuts. So it is really kind of nice, I suppose, when you have a billionaire President, it is nice to help the rich—but not at the expense of middle class America. So when you look at this plan, it is a pretty bad plan for the middle class, pretty bad. So if you didn’t like ObamaCare, you are going to dislike TrumpCare even more. If it is passed, once it is passed, we are going to see, again, premiums rise, millions of people thrown out of insur-ance, and less coverage, but the very wealthy will get a nice, juicy tax break. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.093 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2346 March 22, 2017 
So, you know who used to steal from the rich and give to the poor? This is stealing from the poor and giving to the rich. It is really disgraceful. So I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Let’s defeat TrumpCare because it doesn’t help any-body, and let’s put our heads together. We have enough talent in this place on both sides of the aisle, and that is what the American people want us to do. They want us to put our heads to-gether. They want us to work together and come up with a plan that aids the largest amount of people at the lowest possible cost. It won’t be easy. It will be very dif-ficult. But we should do it together, not jam TrumpCare down our throat, not tell people about false promises when you know people are going to be thrown off. If you say: Well, you know what? It is going to be cheaper. Well, it is cheaper if you throw off all the sick people and you don’t give them insurance, and you throw off all the seniors and you don’t help them. Well, of course it is cheaper because all the people that are sick and really need the help won’t get it. And after all, what is insurance about? In-surance is there just in case you get sick. So I am very chagrined about this new bill. I hope it gets defeated tomor-row. I hope that we then go back to the drawing board and come up with a pro-gram that will help the American peo-ple, not a program that helps Demo-crats or a program that helps Repub-licans, but a program that helps Amer-icans, because we are all in this to-gether. The bill proposed by my Republican colleagues called TrumpCare is not a bill for Americans that will aid them with help when they get sick. As Amer-icans, I do believe that health care should be a right, not a luxury. I be-lieve that the richest country that the world has ever known can give its citi-zens health care. I believe in the sin-gle-payer health care. But even if it is not single-payer, let’s take the original Affordable Care Act, keep what is good, enhance what is good and what needs to be corrected and changed. Let’s do it. That is what the American people want. That is what the American people demand, and we should do nothing less. This bill ought to be defeated tomor-row. Let’s go back to the drawing board and come up with something we can be proud of. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 11 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2352 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 11 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–56) on the resolution (H. Res. 221) waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions re-ported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for March 20 through today on account of medical condition. 
f 
BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 21, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill and joint resolution: 
H.R. 1362. To name the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clin-ic. H.J. Res. 42. Disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensa-tion applicants. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, March 23, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first quarter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO KOSOVO, SRI LANKA, AND GEORGIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEBRUARY 17 AND FEBRUARY 26, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Kosovo .......................................... ......... .................... 469.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 469.71 Hon. David Price ...................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Kosovo ....................................... ............ .................... 469.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 469.71 Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Kosovo ......................................... .......... .................... 469.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 469.71 Hon. Gerry Connolly ................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Kosovo ......................................... .......... .................... 469.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 469.71 Jeff Billman ............................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Kosovo .................................... ............... .................... 469.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 469.71 Justin Wein .............................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Kosovo .................................... ............... .................... 469.71 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 469.71 Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 2 /20 2 /24 Sri Lanka ....................................... ....... .................... 1,002.75 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,002.75 Hon. David Price ...................................................... 2 /20 2 /24 Sri Lanka .................................... .......... .................... 1,002.75 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,002.75 Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 2 /20 2 /24 Sri Lanka ...................................... ........ .................... 1,002.75 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,002.75 Hon. Gerry Connolly ................................................. 2 /20 2 /24 Sri Lanka ...................................... ........ .................... 1,002.75 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,002.75 Jeff Billman ............................................................. 2 /20 2 /24 Sri Lanka ................................. ............. .................... 1,002.75 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,002.75 Justin Wein .............................................................. 2 /20 2 /24 Sri Lanka ................................. ............. .................... 1,002.75 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,002.75 Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 2 /24 2 /26 Georgia ......................................... ........ .................... 683.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 683.20 Hon. David Price ...................................................... 2 /24 2 /26 Georgia ...................................... ........... .................... 683.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 683.20 Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 2 /24 2 /26 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 683.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 683.20 Hon. Gerry Connolly ................................................. 2 /24 2 /26 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 683.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 683.20 Jeff Billman ............................................................. 2 /24 2 /26 Georgia ................................... .............. .................... 683.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 683.20 Justin Wein .............................................................. 2 /24 2 /26 Georgia ................................... .............. .................... 683.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 683.20 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 12,933.96 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 12,933.96 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. PETER J. ROSKAM, Mar. 7, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.095 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2347 March 22, 2017 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
872. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Andrew E. Busch, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 873. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting the Council’s Joint Report to Congress, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 3311(e); Pub-lic Law 104-208, Sec. 2222(e); (110 Stat. 3009- 415); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 874. A letter from the Assistant Director for Legislative Affiars, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bu-reau’s 2017 annual report to Congress on the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1692m(a); Public Law 90-321, Sec. 815(a) (as amended by Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1089(1)); (124 Stat. 2092); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 875. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Open Licensing Requirement for Competitive Grant Pro-grams [Docket ID: ED-2015-OS-0105] (RIN: 1894-AA07) received March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 876. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Use of Mandatory Recall Authority’’ for FY 2016, pursuant to Sec. 206(f) of the FDA Food Safety Mod-ernization Act of 2011, Public Law 111-353; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 877. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2016 Compounding Quality Act An-nual Report as required by the Compounding Quality Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 878. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Presiding Officer for an Appeal and Informal Hearing; Technical Amendments [Docket No.: FDA-2017-N-0011] received March 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 879. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the 2016 ADUFA Financial Report, pursuant to Animal Drug User Fee Act of 2003, as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 880. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Alter-native Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program report for FY 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 13218(b)(1); Public Law 102-486, Sec. 310 (as amended by Public Law 109-58, Sec. 705); (119 Stat. 817); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 881. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Program-Specific Guidance About Licenses of Broad Scope [NUREG-1556, Volume 11, Revision 1] re-ceived March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 882. A letter from the Division Chief, FOIA Public Liaison, Bureau for Management, Of-fice of Management Services, Information and Records Division, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Freedom of Informa-tion Act Regulations (RIN: 0412-AA89) re-ceived March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 883. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XF009) received March 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 884. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmit-ting the Conference’s proposed ‘‘Criminal Ju-dicial Procedure, Administration, and Tech-nical Amendments Act of 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 885. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Corps’ Upper Ohio Navigation Study, PA Final Feasibility Re-port and Integrated Environmental Impact Statement for October 2014 (revised August 2016), pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 549a; Public Law 91-611, Sec. 216; (84 Stat. 1830) (H. Doc. No. 115—22); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 886. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Corps’ Princeville, North Carolina, Flood Risk Management In-tegrated Feasibility Report and Environ-mental Assessment for September 2015 (re-vised April 2016), pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 549a; Public Law 91-611, Sec. 216; (84 Stat. 1830) (H. Doc. No. 115—23); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. 887. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Corps’ Lower Wil-lamette River Environmental Dredging and Ecosystem Restoration Integrated Feasi-bility Study and Environmental Assessment for July 2015 (H. Doc. No. 115—20); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and ordered to be printed. 888. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Corps’ Puget Sound Nearshore Ecosystem Restoration Final Fea-sibility Report and EIS report for September 2016 (H. Doc. No. 115—21); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. 889. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Corps’ Navigation Improvements Diomede, Alaska Final In-terim Feasibility Report and Environmental Assessment for August 2015 (H. Doc. No. 115— 24); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1215. A bill to improve patient ac-cess to health care services and provide im-proved medical care by reducing the exces-sive burden the liability system places on the health care delivery system; with an amendment (Rept. 115–55, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 221. Resolution waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolu-tions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–56). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1215 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 1664. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to index the gas and diesel tax and rebuild our roads, bridges, and tran-sit systems; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mrs. B
USTOS ): H.R. 1665. A bill to ensure that Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency considers severe local impact in making a recommendation to the Presi-dent for a major disaster declaration; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. D
UN-
CAN of Tennessee, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. L EE, Mr. M
ASSIE , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. C
LEAVER ): H.R. 1666. A bill to prohibit the availability of funds for activities in the Islamic Repub-lic of Afghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Rules, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 1667. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institu-tion in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself and Mr. L
OWENTHAL ): H.R. 1668. A bill to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation as a chari-table and nonprofit corporation to encour-age, accept, obtain, administer, and use pri-vate gifts, devises, and bequests for the ben-efit of activities and services of the Bureau of Land Management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.022 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2348 March 22, 2017 
By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S OTO, and Mrs. T
ORRES ): H.R. 1669. A bill to establish the American Infrastructure Fund, to provide bond guaran-tees and make loans to States, local govern-ments, and infrastructure providers for in-vestments in certain infrastructure projects, and to provide equity investments in such projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. B ERA, Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. S
OTO): H.R. 1670. A bill to eliminate the incentive for corporations to continue to hold accumu-lated earnings offshore, to invest in domestic infrastructure, to provide for international tax reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 1671. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of re-ceiving the health insurance premium tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 1672. A bill to improve the competi-tiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and supporting manufacturing communities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico): H.R. 1673. A bill to establish a trust fund to provide for adequate funding for water and sewer infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. S UOZZI ): H.R. 1674. A bill to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. L EE, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H.R. 1675. A bill to establish a national pro-gram to identify and reduce losses from land-slide hazards, to establish a national 3D Ele-vation Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia): H.R. 1676. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at ac-credited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician as-sistant education programs, to promote edu-cation and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medi-cine; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. R
OYCE  of California, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 1677. A bill to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida): H.R. 1678. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act concerning the statute of limi-tations for actions to recover disaster or emergency assistance payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self and Mr. S
IRES): H.R. 1679. A bill to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida): H.R. 1680. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to improve the women’s business center program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R USH, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. H ECK, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 1681. A bill to improve the reproduc-tive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 1682. A bill to clarify that no express or implied warranty is provided by reason of a disclosure relating to voluntary participa-tion in the Energy Star program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C OOK, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. S
IRES, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. H IMES, Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T AKANO , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R
OKITA , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. N EAL, Ms. T ENNEY , and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ): H.R. 1683. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 1684. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to provide technical assistance to common interest communities regarding eligibility for disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. B
OST): H.R. 1685. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish mental and behav-ioral health care to certain individuals dis-charged or released from the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 1686. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the limitation on the carryover of excess corporate charitable contributions by regulated public utilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 1687. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to lower the mileage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MR7.100 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2349 March 22, 2017 
threshold for deduction in determining ad-justed gross income of certain expenses of members of reserve components of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): H.R. 1688. A bill to avoid duplicative an-nual reporting under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 1689. A bill to protect private property rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 1690. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. A
GUILAR ): H.R. 1691. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come amounts received from State-based earthquake loss mitigation programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 1692. A bill to address the problem of illegal firearm trafficking to Mexico; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for him-self and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): H. Con. Res. 37. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that Congress and the President should prioritize the re-duction and elimination, over a reasonable period of time, of the overall trade deficit of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R
USH, and Mr. R ASKIN ): H. Con. Res. 38. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the life and legacy of Henrietta Lacks during Women’s History Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. C
OSTA ): H. Res. 220. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing past genocides, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
11. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, rel-ative to House Concurrent Memorial 2005, urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency to extend the comment period for and revise Docket Number EPA- HQ-SFUND-2015-0781; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 12. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of South Dakota, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 1014, expressing the strongest support for, and unity with, the State of Israel and recognizing Jeru-salem, as Israel’s undivided capital; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 13. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Me-morial 2001, urging the United States Con-gress to repeal the Affordable Care Act’s Health Insurance Tax; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 1664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 1665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 1666. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 1667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article , Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to establish . . . uni-form Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 9 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof;’’ and Article III of the United States Constitu-tion, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 1668. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, section 8, clause 18 By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 1669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 1670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 1672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 1673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 1674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 1675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 1676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 1677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 1678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 1679. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MR7.100 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2350 March 22, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 1680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 1681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 1682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1685. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 section 8 of article 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 1686. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 1687. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 grants Congress the power ‘‘to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United State.’’’ By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 1688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 7 By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 1689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 1690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 1691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §1 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 1692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. B LUM. H.R. 44: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 159: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 160: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 179: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 308: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 314: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 350: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 371: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 392: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C OLE, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 463: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. R OS-
KAM. H.R. 530: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 544: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 548: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 553: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 620: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 632: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 644: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 676: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 721: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 747: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 756: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 772: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 799: Mr. W
ENSTRUP and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 804: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 810: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 830: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 849: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 855: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 873: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 881: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 891: Mr. J
ORDAN and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 909: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 914: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 918: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 919: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 966: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 973: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 986: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 1001: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K IND, and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1005: Mr. K
ATKO and Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER. H.R. 1017: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1046: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1071: Mr. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1116: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1130: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1136: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1144: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1148: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 1149: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1186: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1225: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 1243: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1272: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1316: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 1339: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1361: Mr. M
OORE . H.R. 1406: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1409: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1426: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1436: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1444: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1450: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 1456: Mr. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1473: Mr. R
USH, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1483: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1488: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1515: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1525: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 1542: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S OTO, Mr. B
LUM, and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1555: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1580: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1588: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1613: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1656: Mr. P
ETERS . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.J. Res. 56: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.J. Res. 59: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. B
RAT. H. Con. Res. 20: Miss R
ICEof New York. H. Res. 30: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. B ARR, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H. Res. 46: Mr. P
ETERS . H. Res. 54: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 78: Ms. A
DAMS . H. Res. 128: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. H UDSON . H. Res. 184: Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. P ANETTA . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
30. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the House Standing Committee on Banking and Insurance of the House of Representa-tives of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, rel-ative to a Resolution, urging Congress to re-peal the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.048 H22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1899 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 2017 No. 50 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty and Eternal God, thank You for listening to our prayers. You are the high and lofty One, but You choose to dwell with those who have contrite hearts. Dwell with our law-makers. May they meditate upon Your precepts and be guided by the light of Your Word. Lord, give them the wisdom to seek Your help in the day of trouble and be-yond. May the memories of what You have already done provide them with the confidence that the best is yet to come. Do for them immeasurably, abundantly, above all that they can ask or imagine, according to Your power, working in and through them. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 22, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable TOMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we have all seen the headlines. We have all heard the heartbreaking stories. We have all watched as health insurance markets have edged closer to collapse, and we have noticed a common theme. ObamaCare is failing in Kentucky and around the country. In my home State, insurance pre-miums increased by up to 47 percent. As insurers flee the market, nearly half of the counties in my State have only one option for an insurer on the ex-change. Many families’ deductibles and out- of-pocket expenses have skyrocketed to a point that their plans are too ex-pensive to actually use. In other words, they have health insurance but not necessarily healthcare. The legacy of ObamaCare is one of increased costs, diminishing choices, and broken prom-ises. In four elections in a row, Kentuck-ians have overwhelmingly rejected this failed law. The pain caused by ObamaCare is real for millions of Americans. Listen to this small busi-ness owner from Versailles. She wrote to my office asking for relief. Here is what she said: ‘‘The first year of ObamaCare, our monthly premiums tripled,’’ she wrote, and now, ‘‘our cur-rent plan will be discontinued . . . at the end of the year.’’ ‘‘This is prohibitive for us. We are getting desperate and discouraged.’’ Unfortunately, stories like hers are hardly unique—not in Kentucky and not across America—because too many are suffering under ObamaCare. ObamaCare is a direct assault on the middle class, and it will continue to get worse unless we act. Both in Congress and in the adminis-tration, we are working to fulfill our commitment to the American people. We remain committed to the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare with healthcare policies that actually work. When the House finishes its work on ObamaCare repeal legislation, I look forward to taking it up here in the Sen-ate. The administration will continue working to deliver relief and stabilize health markets, as well. Americans are ready for a better way forward after the failure of ObamaCare, and I would urge all of my colleagues to work to-gether so we can deliver it. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, as day 2 of the Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court confirmation hearings continued, Senators and the American people were able to learn more about his experience as a jurist and his aptitude to serve on the High Court. We heard directly from Judge Gorsuch about his views on the role of a judge—to be fair and impartial, inde-pendent, and not beholden to one party over another. We heard directly from Judge Gorsuch about his views on the role of the Court to uphold the Con-stitution and interpret the laws as written, not legislating from the bench. We saw him display a masterful knowledge of the law, along with inde-pendence, thoughtfulness, and just the kind of judicial temperament we ex-pect in a Supreme Court Justice. News outlets across the country took notice. This is from a CNN report: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.000 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1900 March 22, 2017 
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch came to the Senate Judiciary Committee Tuesday prepared to deliver a clear message: I’m a judge, not a politician. . . . Sitting at a small table, he turned to listen to each Senator as they spoke, hour after hour, care-fully writing notes before launching into his replies. 
As CNN noted, the questions ‘‘never rattled him’’ and ‘‘he showed command of the law.’’ NPR took note of Judge Gorsuch’s temperament saying: ‘‘He kept an even keel throughout the day, rarely betray-ing more than a hint of impatience or pique.’’ Here is one take from the Wash-ington Post. It said: 
Gorsuch is not easily flustered. Gorsuch presented himself as the picture of a cool, calm, self-assured justice. His face often broke into a relaxed smile. He appeared to be listening to every word every Senator said, and he rarely stumbled. 
And here is another take from the Post: 
After more than 10 years on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, [Judge Neil] Gorsuch was prepared for how to respond to questions about judicial independence and how a judge should consider a decision out-side his personal political ideology. 
These are observations made from outside viewers. Their insights reflect what we have been saying for weeks— that Judge Gorsuch is exceptionally qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. I hope our Democratic friends take notice and give him the fair consider-ation he deserves, not invent more ex-cuses not to. Because Judge Gorsuch has performed exceedingly well, some Democrats are desperately trying to come up with a reason to delay the process, just as they have done all year on other nominations. The Judiciary Committee is con-tinuing its work today. As it does so, I am confident we will continue to see support grow for Judge Gorsuch. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, on one final matter, last night the Senate voted to overturn a harmful regulation that undermines Alaska’s authority to manage its wildlife re-sources and shifts more power toward Washington. Today, we will have yet another op-portunity to bring Americans relief from heavyhanded regulations using a legislative tool provided by the Con-gressional Review Act. That proposal would undo the so- called Volks rule, which is named for the 2012 Federal court case overturning an ill-advised Obama administration regulatory action on the same subject. It is a regulation that purports to look out for the workers’ best interests, but it actually does little to achieve that outcome. The Volks rule merely em-powers Washington bureaucrats and in-creases paperwork burdens instead. As the Coalition for Workplace Safe-ty pointed out, this regulation does ‘‘nothing to improve worker health and safety,’’ it ‘‘directly contradicts both clear statutory language and two U.S. Court of Appeals rulings,’’ and it also represents ‘‘one of the most egregious end runs around Congress’ power to write the laws.’’ I heard from Kentuckians who are simply concerned by this overreaching regulation and called for Congress to end it. In one recent letter to my of-fice, the Kentucky Roofing Contractors Association called for the repeal of the Volks rule because it ‘‘does nothing to improve workplace safety and could be used to impose costs on employers for inadvertent paperwork violations.’’ In fact, as they point out, it could even ‘‘divert resources away from ef-forts to improve work place safety and create jobs.’’ In another letter I recently received, a Lexington construction contractor said he needs his safety supervisors ‘‘constantly walking jobsites, identi-fying hazards and making sure our co-workers go home safely every night,’’ but this regulation ‘‘forces me to choose allocating sources to preventing future accidents or auditing old paper-work. That is our decision today: focusing on actual safety of employees or on more bureaucratic paper pushing. Senator CASSIDY of Louisiana under-stands the challenges this regulation presents, and he has been a leader in working to protect American busi-nesses from these consequences. I ap-preciate his efforts and look forward to the Senate passing it soon. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 1181 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1181) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as ad-judicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. The majority leader. f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 83. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 83, a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Ob-ligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Ill-ness.’’ 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The question is on agreeing to the motion to proceed. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness.’’ 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 83 and companion S.J. Res. 27, a resolution I introduced with 25 of my colleagues, under the Congressional Review Act, or CRA, to stop the Obama administration Department of Labor’s regulation, known as the Volks rule, from expanding the statute of limita-tions for record-keeping violations. This regulatory scheme represents a backwards approach to workplace safe-ty, and it is a blatant overreach by the Federal Government. Under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, employers are required to record injuries and illnesses that occur in the work place and maintain those records for 5 years. The law provides for a 6-month period for which OSHA can issue citations to employers who fail to maintain the records properly. However, it was the practice of OSHA, based on their interpretation of the law, that they were able to issue cita-tions regarding keeping those records properly for the entire 5-year period employers must keep those records. Under this practice, OSHA took ac-tion against Volks Constructors, a firm in Prairieville, LA, in 2006 for record-keeping violations that occurred near-ly 5 years earlier—again, record-keeping violations. This was well be-yond the 6-month statute of limita-tions. Volks Constructors, located in Prairieville, is a heavy industrial con-tractor that provides manufacturing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.002 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1901 March 22, 2017 
services and industrial specialties to the petrochemical and related indus-tries. It has been in business for more than 40 years. Volks challenged OSHA in the DC Circuit Court of Appeals for those citations and won. The Circuit Court of Appeals issued a unanimous, three-judge opinion rebuking OSHA’s attempt to file citations past the stat-ute of limitations. One of the three judges was President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Gar-land. The Volks ruling has since been upheld by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Let me read a few of the com-ments from the court’s opinion: ‘‘We do not believe Congress expressly estab-lished a statute of limitations only to implicitly encourage the Secretary to ignore it.’’ Another comment: ‘‘The Act clearly renders the citations untimely, and the Secretary’s argument to the contrary relies on an interpretation that is nei-ther natural nor consistent with our precedents.’’ From Judge Garland’s concurring opinion: ‘‘[B]ecause none of the chal-lenged citations were issued within 6 months, ‘flowing the occurrence of any violation,’ I agree with my colleagues that the petition for review should be granted and the citation vacated.’’ After the court was clear in its rul-ing, OSHA, in order to negate such rul-ing and continue issuing citations be-yond the 6-month statute of limita-tions, promulgated this regulation, the Volks rule. This joint resolution must invalidate the Volks rule. The Volks rule is a clear violation of the court’s ruling and is in direct contradiction of the 6- month statute of limitations. Only Congress can amend a Federal statute. Article I of the U.S. Constitution is clear. Members of the legislative branch write the law, not the Federal departments and agencies. Overturning the Volks rule will not— will not—decrease workplace safety. The rule only changes the window dur-ing which OSHA can issue citations for recordkeeping violations. This rule is about paperwork violations and not workers’ health or safety. The Volks rule also creates regu-latory confusion for small businesses. By finalizing this unlawful regulation, the Obama administration created un-certainty for employers facing a con-fusing maze of recordkeeping standards and unwarranted litigation. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Association of General Contractors, the National Home Builders Associa-tion, the National Restaurant Associa-tion, the National Retail Association, along with more than 70 State and na-tional organizations, all support this joint resolution. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the Coalition for Workplace Safety’s letter. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: COALITION FORWORKPLACE SAFETY , March 10, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNCORNYN , Majority Whip, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. L
AMAR ALEXANDER , Chairman, Senate Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNNY ISAKSON , Chairman, Senate Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety, Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , MA-
JORITY WHIPCORNYN , CHAIRMEN ALEXANDER  
ANDISAKSON : The undersigned groups strong-ly urge you to pass H.J. Res. 83/S.J. Res. 27, a Congressional Review Act (CRA) joint reso-lution of disapproval to invalidate the Obama Administration’s OSHA regulation overturning the decision in Volks regarding the statute of limitations for recordkeeping violations. At its core, the Volks Rule is an extreme abuse of authority by a federal agency that will subject millions of American businesses to citations for paperwork violations, while doing nothing to improve worker health and safety. Finalized on December 19, 2016, the rule attempts to extend to five years the ex-plicit six month statute of limitations on recordkeeping violations in the Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) Act of 1970. This regulation simultaneously represents one of the most egregious end runs around Con-gress’ power to write the laws and a clear challenge to the judicial branch’s authority to prevent an agency from exceeding its au-thority to interpret the law. In 2012, citing the unambiguous language in the OSH Act, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia held that OSHA could not sustain citations against an em-ployer for alleged recordkeeping violations that occurred more than six months before the issuance of the citation because, as the employer asserted, they were outside the six month statute of limitations set forth in the OSH Act. The court was unequivocal in its rebuke of OSHA. Judge Janice Rogers Brown expressed particular concern on the issue of the agency’s overstepping its authority: ‘‘we were rightly troubled by the notion of being asked by an agency to expand that agency’s enforcement authority when Congress had evidently not seen fit to do so.’’ Judge Merrick Garland, in his concurrence, plainly rejected OSHA’s rationale for issuing the fines, ‘‘the Secretary’s contention—that the regulations that Volks was cited for vio-lating support a ’continuing violation’ the-ory—is not reasonable.’’ The Volks decision has since been endorsed by the Fifth Circuit in the Delek decision, issued in December 2016, where the court found ‘‘its reasoning persuasive.’’ In response to the Court of Appeals ruling, OSHA promulgated this regulation specifi-cally to negate the Volks case ruling and ex-tend liability for paperwork violations be-yond the six month window permitted under the Act. OSHA issued the final rule in the waning days of President Obama’s Adminis-tration with an effective date of January 19, 2017. The Senate has until April 7 to pass H.J. Res. 83/S.J. Res. 27. We urge you to help put a stop to OSHA’s abuse of its authority and support swift pas-sage of a joint resolution of disapproval for this burdensome, unlawful rule. Because the final rule directly contradicts both clear statutory language and two U.S. Courts of Appeals rulings, it must not be allowed to stand. Thank you for your consideration of this request and for your continued efforts to rein in agency overreach and reduce the reg-ulatory burden on America’s job creators. Sincerely, Air Conditioning Contractors of America, American Bakers Association, American Coke and Coal Chemicals Institute, Amer-ican Composites Manufacturers Association, American Farm Bureau Federation, Amer-ican Feed Industry Association, American Foundry Society, American Fuel and Petro-chemical Manufacturers, American Health Care Association, American Iron and Steel Institute, American Road and Transpor-tation Builders Association, American Soci-ety of Concrete Contractors, American Sub-contractors Association, Inc., American Sup-ply Association, American Trucking Asso-ciations, Asphalt Roofing Manufacturers As-sociation, Associated Builders and Contrac-tors, Associated General Contractors, Asso-ciated Wire Rope Fabricators, Copper & Brass Fabricators Council, Inc., Corn Refin-ers Association, Distribution Contractors Association. Flexible Packaging Association, Global Cold Chain Alliance, Independent Electrical Contractors, Industrial Minerals Associa-tion—North America, Institute of Makers of Explosives, International Dairy Foods Asso-ciation, International Foodservice Distribu-tors Association, International Franchise Association, International Warehouse Logis-tics Association, IPC-Association Con-necting Electronics Industries, Leading Builders of America, Mason Contractors As-sociation of America, Mechanical Contrac-tors Association of America, Mike Ray, Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Associa-tion, National Association for Surface Fin-ishing, National Association of Home Build-ers, National Association of Manufacturers, National Association of Professional Em-ployer Organizations, National Association of the Remodeling Industry, National Asso-ciation of Wholesaler-Distributors, National Automobile Dealers Association, National Center for Assisted Living, National Chicken Council, National Cotton Ginners’ Associa-tion, National Council of Self-Insurers, Na-tional Demolition Association, National Electrical Contractors Association, National Federation of Independent Business, Na-tional Grain and Feed Association, National Lumber and Building Material Dealers Asso-ciation, National Oilseed Processors Associa-tion, National Restaurant Association, Na-tional Retail Federation, National Roofing Contractors Association. National School Transportation Associa-tion, National Tooling and Machining Asso-ciation, National Turkey Federation, Na-tional Utility Contractors Association, Non- Ferrous Founders’ Society, North American Die Casting Association, North American Meat Institute Plastics, Industry Associa-tion (PLASTICS), Power and Communica-tion Contractors Association, Precision Ma-chined Products Association, Precision Metalforming Association, Printing Indus-tries of America, Retail Industry Leaders As-sociation, Sheet Metal and Air Conditioning Contractors National Association, Ship-builders Council of America, Southeastern Cotton Ginners Association, Inc., Texas Cot-ton Ginners’ Association, The Association of Union Constructors (TAUC), Thomas W. Lawrence, Jr.—Safety and Compliance Man-agement, Tile Roofing Institute, Tree Care Industry Association, TRSA—The Linen, Uniform and Facility Services Association, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, U.S. Poultry & Egg Association. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this joint res-olution and allow Congress to review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.003 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1902 March 22, 2017 
the law and make changes, if needed. It is the right thing to do. I ask unanimous consent that quorum calls during the consideration of H.J. Res. 83 be equally divided in the usual form. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday Judge Neil Gorsuch went through over 11 hours of questioning in the Judiciary Committee. As expected, he used the opportunity to speak at length about his knowledge of case law, hiding behind precedents rather than giving an impression of his actual views. As expected, his supporters are saying that Judge Gorsuch was erudite, polished, homespun. But none of this matters compared to the real purpose of hearings: to find out a nominee’s views and what kind of judge he will be, not how his repartee from the bench will sound. For 11 hours, Judge Gorsuch looked like he was playing dodgeball with the Senate Judiciary Committee, bending over backward to avoid revealing any-thing that might constitute a judicial philosophy or give hints about his ap-proach to the legal issues of our day. Those, to me, are far more important than any superficial impressions he may have left. He dodged questions on previous cases like Citizens United, Rowe v. Wade, and Brown v. Board. He dodged general questions on dark money in politics, LGBTQ rights, and the constitutionality of a Muslim ban. He did manage to wax poetic on the significance of a judge’s robe and the humility it brings. He said it reminds us that ‘‘ours is a judiciary of honest black polyester.’’ Well, if he were truly humbled, he would realize the august-ness of this position and answer ques-tions directly. Judge Gorsuch’s testi-mony yesterday was replete with hum-ble kinds of metaphors and homespun stories but pitifully short on sub-stance, which is what really matters. The hearings this week are starting to have the element of farce. The Re-publicans ask softball questions, while we Democrats endeavor to get the judge to offer a meaningful response on one—any legal issue but are met with constant refrains of ‘‘That is settled law’’ and ‘‘I can’t prejudge’’ and ‘‘Gee, Senator, my personal views have no place here.’’ Let me repeat. There is no legal precedent, rule, or logic for fail-ing to answer questions that don’t in-volve immediate and specific cases be-fore the Court. Is Judge Gorsuch hiding behind this rhetoric because he does not want people to know his views? After 4 days of this Kabuki theatre, the press will write that Judge Gorsuch was smooth and well-spoken, but I doubt that even at the end of the hear-ing process we will have any greater views of his jurisprudence. Will we know any better than we do today what kind of Justice he will be on our Nation’s highest Court? You know, we have seen this before. It was not all that long ago that an-other charming, polished, erudite judge named John Roberts came before the committee, impressing lawmakers while playing the role of a model ju-rist. He displayed a similar reluctance to answer specific questions, but he as-sured us all that he was a judge who was free from the biases of politics and ideology, that, in his words, he simply ‘‘called balls and strikes.’’ We were duped. Judge Roberts showed his true activist colors as soon as he got to the bench and dragged the Court sharply to the right, ruling consistently in favor of wealthy special interests and power-ful corporations. The whole episode with Judge Gorsuch feels like a Rob-erts’ rerun. If his voting record is any indication, according to the New York Times survey, he will be even more conservative than Justice Roberts. This is not how the hearing process is supposed to work. Although it has be-come practice for Supreme Court Jus-tices to elude specific questions, it is not in the best interests of our country to elevate a cipher to the Supreme Court. We don’t want the qualifications for Senate confirmation to be an abil-ity of skillful evasion. The hearing process cannot accomplish what it is designed to if the nominee refuses to engage on matters of legal substance. If anyone doubts that Judge Gorsuch does not have strong views, that he is not simply a caller of balls and strikes, a tabula rasa, just look at the way he was chosen. He was supported and pushed by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society. Do they just call balls and strikes, or do those two groups have an avowed interest in mov-ing the judiciary far to the right? He was supported by billionaires like Mr. Anschutz who have a similar desire. Does anyone think the Federalist Soci-ety would choose someone who just called balls and strikes when they have been dedicated for a generation to moving the courts to the right? They have not endorsed a moderate judge in their history. Again, they are dedi-cated to moving the court far away from the mainstream. If anyone doubts that Judge Gorsuch would be an activist judge with strong conservative views eschewing the in-terests of average people, just look at how he was selected—by the Federalist Society, by the Heritage foundation, not by average American jurists. TRUMPCARE  
Mr. President, on another matter, TrumpCare, as we speak, the House Re-publican leadership is desperately try-ing to whip enough votes to pass their bill tomorrow, making sweetheart deals to sway recalcitrant Members. It is funny that all the changes House Republicans have made this past week don’t even attempt to address the real problems with the bill: that 24 million fewer Americans will have coverage and that premiums will go up. In fact, the changes they are making to TrumpCare are even more cruel than their existing bill in an attempt to win conservative votes. Still, many of them don’t think it is cruel enough yet. In their rush, they included language in their managers’ amendment that would exclude 7 million or so veterans from the eligibility for tax credits in the bill—7 million veterans. That is what happens when you try to rush a com-plicated bill like this through. When Democrats were in the major-ity and working through healthcare, we debated the bill over the course of a whole year. We had one of the longest committee hearings and amendment processes in recent memory. Still, even then, Republicans criticized us for try-ing to jam it through. ‘‘Read the bill,’’ they would chant. Now Republicans are trying to do in 2 weeks what we spent 1 year on be-cause the time was required. My friend the distinguished majority leader says he hopes to have TrumpCare brought up and passed through the Senate by the end of next week—no committee process, potentially no CBO score. I guess Senate Republicans are nego-tiating a substitute bill behind closed doors right now to meet that acceler-ated, speedy, and reckless timeline. When you are talking about a drastic reformation of our healthcare system, one-sixth of our economy, that is breathtakingly irresponsible and rank-ly hypocritical. When will Democrats get to view the substitute bill? Will there be a CBO score before both Re-publicans and Democrats have to vote on it in the Senate? We don’t know. But rushing it through in this fashion, as the majority leader promised, is un-wise and unfair to Democratic Sen-ators and, far more importantly, to the American people. It is also a direct contradiction to how then-Minority Leader M
CCONNELL spoke about health reform in 2009. Here is what he said: ‘‘We shouldn’t try to do it in the dark, and whatever final bill is produced should be available to the American public and to members of the Senate for enough time to come to grips with it, and there should be and must be a CBO score.’’ Well, Leader M
CCONNELL , what was good enough for us back in 2009 should be good enough for you today. I certainly hope Leader M
CCONNELL  follows his own advice from 2009 now that he is majority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.004 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1903 March 22, 2017 
My Republican friends like to claim this bill isn’t the end of the story on healthcare. They claim they can pass a third prong later on down the road. Re-publicans in the Senate and the House should know this: There is no third prong. It is a fantasy. Any legislation outside of reconcili-ation requires 60 votes, and Democrats will not help Republicans repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act today, tomorrow, or 6 months from now. This bill, TrumpCare, Republicans, is your one shot. I think that is why House Repub-licans have tried to jam some extra policy changes onto their bill—like the Medicaid work requirement and the re-strictions on abortion—because they know they won’t be able to later on, and they need more conservative votes to pass this bill tomorrow. This approach has a serious problem. There is a serious question as to whether these changes are budgetary changes or policy changes. If they are policy changes, they will not meet the Senate’s standards of reconciliation, known as the Byrd rule, and can be stricken from the bill. Of particular vulnerability, my Re-publican colleagues, are provisions like the Medicaid work requirement and the restrictions on abortion. House Repub-licans should hear this before they vote: Those provisions that you might think help you vote yes on the bill may not survive. Factor that into your vote. Ahead of the vote tomorrow, I just want to say to my Republican col-leagues—and I have sympathy, al-though I don’t agree. I vehemently dis-agree. I know you feel caught between a rock and a hard place, between the prospect of failing to fulfill a shrill and unthought-through campaign pledge and a bill that would badly hurt mil-lions of Americans, particularly your voters. I say to them: There is a way out. Drop your efforts to repeal the Afford-able Care Act, and Democrats will work with you on serious proposals to improve the existing law. Drop TrumpCare. Come to us with some ideas on how to improve the ACA, and we will sit down with you and try to figure out what is best for our country. You can avoid this disaster of a bill called TrumpCare, which will result in higher costs, less care, and 24 million fewer Americans with health coverage. Turn back before it is too late. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from West Vir-ginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, first of all, I agree with my friend whole-heartedly. We are asking for a repair. It doesn’t make any sense at all to go down the path of repealing until we make an effort to make this better and protect the people who are depending on us. With that, let’s see what hap-pens. We are all willing to sit down and work on both sides of the aisle to help improve it. OPIOID ABUSE CRISIS  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today because of the crisis we have with the country’s opiate addictions— prescription drugs—in the Presiding Officer’s wonderful State of Alaska, the State of West Virginia, and every other State in the Union. West Virginia has the highest drug overdose death rate in the Nation due to prescription drug abuse. Just in 2016, West Virginia reported 818 overdose deaths, which is 4 times the number that occurred in 2001 and is a nearly 13- percent increase just from 2015, when it was about 607. More than 700 West Vir-ginians died from an opioid overdose last year, and 42,000 people in West Vir-ginia, including 4,000 youth, sought treatment for illegal drug use, but they failed to receive it. There is no place for them to go. The Presiding Officer and I have spo-ken about this, and I appreciate his willingness and openness to look at how we cure that. I have a bill called the LifeBOAT Act, which the Presiding Officer has been so graciously looking at. It is something that I believe would give us the funding mechanism, and it won’t be a hardship. It also gives ex-emptions for people who have chronic pain from cancer and all the chronic illnesses that are out there. Basically, the opiate drugs that are sold on a day- to-day basis by the millions and mil-lions—it is a one-penny revenue source, one penny per milligram. That would give us the funding mechanism we need in order to continue to have expanded services for addiction. I have been involved in public service for quite some time, and 20 years ago, I would have thought anybody who has fooled with drugs, whether legal pre-scription or illicit drugs—it would be a criminal act and they should go to jail for it. Well, we have put people in jail for consumption for the last 20 years, and it hasn’t cured one. So I have come to the conclusion, basically, in looking and talking to the experts, after we have had two decades of evaluating this, that it is an illness, and an illness needs treatment. We don’t have the treatment centers, so we are letting people go untreated, and that is basi-cally sinful in this country. There are 2.1 million Americans who abuse or are dependent on opioids—2.1 million. I think to get the scope of how bad the situation is, and this epidemic, when you think about how over 200,000 people have died since 2000—200,000— any other catastrophic cause of death in this country would be of pandemic proportions, and we would do whatever it costs in order to get the National In-stitutes of Health to find a cure. We would. But with this, we kind of sit back idly. According to the CDC, three out of four new heroin users abused prescrip-tion opiates before moving to heroin. It is a segue for people to move right into tougher, stronger, powerful drugs. Heroin use has more than doubled among young adults ages 18 to 25 in the past decade, and 45 percent of the peo-ple who used heroin were also addicted to prescription opiate painkillers. Be-tween 2009 and 2013, only 22 percent of Americans suffering from opioid addic-tion participated in any form of addic-tion treatment. Think about the enormity of this epi-demic. The United States of America, our great country, makes up only about 4.6 percent of the world’s popu-lation; yet we consume 80 percent of all opiates produced and consumed in the world. How did it happen? The Pre-siding Officer and I grew up in a time when this wasn’t prevalent, but how did it happen? I will tell you one thing: We have to cure it. It is ravaging and destroying every part of this great country. We are taking so many productive people out of the workforce because they are addicted. If you talk to your police and law enforcement anywhere in this country, they will tell you that 80 to 90 percent of all of the calls they make in the form of justice are due to opiate or drug use. It is horrible what it is cost-ing us in real time, in real dollars, in real people’s lives. There is another bill I have out there, too, and I call it last chance. It really deals with this. If we know we have a problem—we have people whom we don’t have in the workforce because three things keep you out of the work-force: You are either addicted or con-victed or lack of skills. You have an addiction; you have been convicted of a crime, so you have a record; or you have a lack of skills or a combination of the three. I can tell you that the addiction and conviction usually go hand in hand. People who are addicted often have a larceny or maybe even a felony on their record, and it is so hard for them to get back into the workforce. If you get them in a treatment center, there is no carrot to say: Stick with this be-cause you are going to be clean. It takes a lot of fortitude for a person to stay with the program when they have such an addiction and a craving. But if they know that at the end of that 1 year in a treatment center, there is a chance for them to expunge their record if it wasn’t a violent crime, if it wasn’t a sexual crime—but it was probably grand larceny, because usually they will steal from their fam-ily, and then once the family gets tough with them, they will steal from any type of extended family, and then they will steal from the neighborhood or anywhere they can get the money to support their habit. What my bill says is that after 1 year in a certified treatment program, they complete another year of mentoring, helping other people get off and stay off and maybe not start, then they are able to, with their sponsors—people who say: Yes, they have completed this program; yes, they have mentored for 1 year—they can go before the arresting officers and the sentencing judge to see if they can get that expunged to give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.005 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1904 March 22, 2017 
them a clean start. It is the Clean Start Act. I call it last chance, but offi-cially it is called the Clean Start Act. It is one way to get this workforce in America producing again because if not, the only thing they have waiting for them is a minimum wage job, and the skill sets most of them have are going to go unused and unproductive. So these are things we are working on. When you look at the misuse and abuse of opiates and what it costs our country, think about this. This was in 2013, the last figures I have—an esti-mated $78.5 billion in lost productivity, medical costs, and criminal justice cost. In 2013, it cost our country $78.5 billion. So we are paying for it. It is like ‘‘Pay me now or pay me later.’’ We are paying for it. That one penny on every milligram of opiates that are produced and con-sumed in this country would raise about $1.5 to $2 billion a year. I would hope it would raise none, but it would raise that much because of the amount of consumption we have. We consume 80 percent of all of the world’s opiates. With that, we can start creating treat-ment centers and curing people. For the past year, I have been com-ing to the Senate floor to read letters from West Virginians and those strug-gling all throughout our country with opioid abuse. They all mention how hard it is to get themselves or their loved ones into treatment. Sometimes it takes months, and sometimes it never happens. Most of the time, it never happens. This problem stems from a lack of a system to help those who are looking for help. We need per-manent funding. We talked about that. That is why I introduced the LifeBOAT Act. Today I am going to read a letter from a mother from West Virginia—she is no different from a mother from Alaska, I can assure you—who lost her daughter to drug abuse after she strug-gled to get her into treatment facili-ties she desperately needed. This is Leigh Ann Wilson’s story. 
On behalf of the families who have lost their children to addiction, I ask that any health law reforms contain a serious effort to ensure effective addiction treatment for all who need it, whatever it takes. Just yesterday, the Boston Globe published a special report about my daughter, Taylor Leigh Wilson. 
Leigh Ann’s daughter is named Tay-lor Leigh Wilson. 
My youngest child was one of West Vir-ginia’s promising young people, a former Girl Scout, Cabell Midland High School grad-uate and Marshall student who wanted to turn her love of books into a career as a li-brarian. But drugs destroyed her life despite her willingness, and months of effort, to get treatment. Taylor’s overdose was the first— 
You have to listen to this because you are just not going to believe what happened in Huntington, WV, on this day. 
Taylor’s overdose was the first of 28 that would be reported in Huntington in the span of five hours on Aug. 15, 2016. The horror of that afternoon made national news. Then the reporters left. Our nightmare, though, was just beginning. Taylor and I would spend the next 41 days trying to get help. We drove door to door in search of inpatient treatment beds to isolate her from the heroin world. All we found were waiting lists; out-of-state centers that wouldn’t take West Virginia Medicaid; and doctors who discouraged Taylor from inpa-tient treatment, saying she could do without it. Then Taylor put her name on Prestera’s waiting list for Suboxone, a drug proven to reduce withdrawal symptoms. No one told her how long she might have to wait. Though evidence suggests that the combination of counseling and prescription drugs to reduce cravings can be very effective, our law-makers have restricted the availability of this medication. On September 28, 2016, Prestera Center called to inform me that Taylor had been ac-cepted into the Suboxone program. That was September 28, and, as I told you, this overdose happened on August 15. 
On September 28, Prestera Center called to inform me that Taylor had been accepted in the suboxone program. I had to tell her that she had overdosed and died 3 days before. The next February I got a call from Prestera Pinecrest following up on Taylor’s applica-tion for recovery housing and to see if she was still interested. Before she passed away, Taylor herself told the Boston Globe reporter that the real story that needs to be told is why there are no treatment beds when our state has a crisis epidemic. 
Your State, my State—almost every State in America has this. 
Why must it be so hard to get addiction treatment in a state with the nation’s high-est drug death rate—818 deaths last year, most of them from [legal prescription drugs]? 
Think about how this epidemic has gotten to this proportion. We have a drug that is put on the market by the FDA. This is an organization, a Federal agency, that is supposed to make sure that we have for consumption a safety net built into it. So the FDA gives their stamp of approval: This is a prod-uct that can be used, and it should be of help. Then it goes to the DEA to find out who is allowed to dispense it with-out any type of education or any type of work to make sure that there is competency in our doctors who are pre-scribing it—or I might say overpre-scribing it. Then it goes to the doctor, who is the most trusted person outside of our family, who says: This is going to help you. This is good for you. This is what we are talking about—what is killing West Virginians and Americans every day. If you need heart surgery, you have insurance providers around the State that would compete for your care. That is what she is saying. There is someone there; for any other treatment or any other need for treatment of any illness, we can find help, but not for this. This has been such a silent killer that I know—and my family included. Everyone I talk to—anybody I talk to knows somebody in their immediate family or extended family or a close family friend. All of our young interns here know the same. They know peo-ple. But we keep it quiet; especially if it’s in our family, we keep quiet be-cause it is embarrassing. We don’t want anybody to know that we have failed as a family structure. Something fell apart for this to happen. Why would someone have to turn to drugs when they have a loving, caring fam-ily? We just don’t understand, so we keep quiet about it. It isn’t a Democrat or Republican or liberal or conservative cause. This is a killer that has no boundaries; it at-tacks everybody. That is what I am saying. When you see a mother who is doing everything she can to get her daughter somewhere just to save her life and can’t get her in—we are talk-ing about this one penny: What is a one-penny tax, Joe? I can’t vote for any new taxes. I am not asking you to vote for a tax. I am asking you to look any of your constituents in the eye and say: We have a program that is lifesaving for you or your family member. God forbid if you ever need it, but we have it. We don’t hesitate to put taxes on cigarettes. We didn’t hesitate. Every-body voted for taxes on cigarettes. Ev-erybody has voted for taxes on alcohol. I am asking for one penny—one penny to save thousands and thousands of lives in America. I guarantee that there will not be one person to vote against it—a Republican or Democrat who would not vote for something that is going to put permanent funding for treatment centers in the most needed areas in America and saves people’s lives. There aren’t enough resources to accom-modate the addiction problem in the heroin capital of the United States, Taylor [herself told] a reporter. If no one changes it this whole city will go under. 
Let me tell you what this city of Huntington is doing right now. I met with them last week when I was home. They are going to have a center of ex-cellence starting with Marshall Univer-sity, the city of Huntington, Calvert County, and the entire organization. All the policymakers are working to-gether because this is something they are fighting every day. This center of excellence is built around this. We know we have a problem. We have peo-ple overdosing. We are trying to save lives. We are trying to get them clean, and we are trying to get them back into the workforce. The center of excellence is going to start at conception for a mother who may be using and conceives a child. How do we get her clean? How does she have a healthy baby versus a drug-ad-dicted baby? We have Lily’s Place down there, and what they are doing in neonatal care is unbelievable. They are trying to get this baby weaned off the addiction that the mother passed on in her pregnancy. Then we want to make sure that moth-er goes back home with the baby in a clean home because, if not, the cycle will continue. This is what the center of excellence is going to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.006 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1905 March 22, 2017 
The success we think we are going to have, starting at ground zero in Hun-tington, WV, will be able to be shared all over the country because they are going to take a holistic approach. You just can’t say: I am going to treat the addict. I am going to treat the cause. It goes further than that. These children are being born to a drug-infested moth-er and a father or a person who is pa-ternal or into a family that is still drug-infested. It does nothing but per-petuate the cycle. This is what we have to stop if we want to save the country. Here is what I tell children, and I will tell all of our young interns. I go to schools and talk every day. I tell them that there is not another country that will take on the United States of America militarily. No one compares with the greatest military that the world has ever known, that history has ever recorded, the United States of America. It is not going to happen. No-body can take on this great economy of ours—the greatest economy in the world, $19 trillion, almost $20 trillion GDP. The closest economy we have next to us is China, with an economy that is about half of ours, $10.5 to $11 trillion. Then it drops off the scale with Japan and then Russia. Russia is at $2.5 to $3 trillion. No one compares to the United States of America for the economy and military might we have as a superpower—the only superpower left in the world, the United States of America. We are the hope of the world, the United States of America. I tell them: They don’t think they have to fight you. They don’t have to take over our economy. They think we will give it to them. They think we will give it to them because we have a lack of skill sets. Our education attainment is not as high as what they are doing, and our addiction problem means we will not be clean enough to be able to perform. They will just sit back and wait because time is on their side. They can sit back and wait for us to turn it all over. And you might be the last generation that lives in our coun-try as the only superpower, the United States of America. God, I hope that doesn’t happen, but we have to fight this. We just can’t continue to keep talking about it. We have a good piece of legislation. Think about this: I introduced this bill a year ago—introduced it to honor Jes-sie Grubb and her mom and dad. Her dad served in the State legislature with me. We have been friends for a long time. Jessie was 30 years old. She was a promising young girl. She got sexu-ally molested when she was in college. She came home, hid it from them, was depressed, got started on—they gave her some pain pills, some drug suppres-sants so she could cope with it. She got addicted. She overdosed a few times. She was trying to cure—she was 30 years old. She had gone to Michigan. She was in treatment. She had been clean for 6 months. She was a runner, an athlete. She was doing her first marathon. She had a hip injury, and she went to the hospital. When she went to the hos-pital, her mom and dad went up there. So here was the mom, the dad, and the girl; they went to admissions. She said: I want you all to know, I am so proud that I am a recovering addict, and I am 6 months clean. I want to make sure you all know that. The parents reiter-ated it. She goes into this, and there are no laws—nothing. They ask her all dif-ferent types of questions: Are you al-lergic to penicillin—whatever it may be? They make sure that her chart is marked right, so that another attend-ing physician or another attending nurse or the night shift or whatever looks and sees that they can’t do that because it says she is allergic to that or they shouldn’t give her this because of her condition. She goes in and she gets treated and she has an infection. They want to treat the infection, so they put a port in to treat the infection because that is how she would be treated with that. The discharging physician did not know she was a recovering addict. He saw a healthy young lady with an in-jury and knew that she was going to have pain, so he prescribed her some pain medication. He prescribed her 50 OxyContin on the afternoon she was discharged, and she overdosed and died by 1 in the morning. Jessie’s Law basically says that if the guardian or parent and if the pa-tient both come in and identify their problem and they want you to mark their charts accordingly, that should be done. Pretty simple, right? Let me tell you what has happened. For 1 year it has been stalled because of HIPAA privacy laws. All this was going on; 1 year was up, and I called David. They had written me a letter that said: Do you think anything will ever happen? So we went back again and started working on it. Here’s what we did to change it. I said: David, we are going to have to take the parents or guardians off of it. If the patient themself asks for that, freely and willingly asks for that, we think that will pass muster, and all the different interest groups out there that are so concerned will ba-sically accept that. So we have that piece of legislation called Jessie’s Law. God forbid, if someone has a constituent or a loved one and it is not known, they can lose that child, just like that. These are all things that we are deal-ing with after the effects of addiction. Huntington, WV, and Marshall Univer-sity are going to take on an effort that I think is heroic: How do we start from the beginning, conception, and make sure that child doesn’t grow up to be an addict, make sure that family can get clean enough, and make sure they can be given the responsibility to care for that child so that they can grow up not in an addicted environment? That is what we are trying to do. We are at ground zero. I am hopeful for this great country and this new generation that we are counting on that they can keep them-selves clean and still continue to be the hope of the world, and they truly are. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, over the past several days, the American people have had a chance to participate in the Supreme Court nomination proc-ess by watching Judge Neil Gorsuch, judge of the Tenth Circuit Court of Ap-peals, based in Denver, take questions from the Judiciary Committee. For several days now, there have been hear-ings, with the Judiciary Committee’s meeting 12 hours yesterday or so and, the day before, there being a number of speeches from every member of the Ju-diciary Committee. I and Senator B
EN-
NET, my colleague from Colorado, had the great privilege of introducing Judge Gorsuch on Monday to the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee. I think what people across the coun-try are seeing in this confirmation process is a judge who has a keen grasp of the law, a judge who understands the limits of power that are placed on the judicial branch, understands the role of the executive branch, understands the role of the legislative branch, and how he as a judge is supposed to rule when it comes to checking that balance of power. We also see, of course, after 12 hours of questioning—everything from the kind of temperament he has to the kinds of decisions he would make—that he is an even-tempered individual who would serve this country well. So I come to the floor again to talk about my support for Judge Gorsuch. Eleven years ago, this Chamber unanimously confirmed Judge Gorsuch through a voice vote for his position in 2006 on the Tenth Circuit Court. Judge Gorsuch has been described as a ‘‘bril-liant legal mind’’ by the Denver Post and both liberal and conservative at-torneys in Denver. He is a mainstream jurist who has the right temperament and the right view of judging in order to be on the Supreme Court, according to the Denver Post. Moreover, Judge Gorsuch is a faithful and ardent defender of our Constitu-tion, a judge who has, time and again, shown a fidelity to the separation of powers and the limited role of govern-ment that was envisioned and pre-scribed by our Founders. It is no wonder that Judge Gorsuch has always enjoyed overwhelming bi-partisan support. In fact, 12 of our cur-rent Senate colleagues, including mi-nority leader Senator S
CHUMER and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.008 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1906 March 22, 2017 
Senators L EAHY , FEINSTEIN , and D UR-
BIN, all of whom are on the Judiciary Committee, were in office in 2006 when Judge Gorsuch was unanimously con-firmed to the Tenth Circuit. None of them opposed his confirmation—none of them. Perhaps the best question for them today would be: Do you regret that de-cision 11 years ago? Did you not do enough work to know the nominee then? When Senator G
RAHAM held his com-mittee hearing 11 years ago—the con-firmation process—no one else showed up. It was an empty dais. If you tuned in to watch C–SPAN on Monday or Tuesday, you saw a different level of participation from the Judiciary Com-mittee. What a difference a court makes. So I hope this process is one that will be shown to be fair to the American people—this process of get-ting to know Judge Gorsuch’s tempera-ment and his legal philosophy, but not 1 of the 12 Democratic Members who are here today and who were here in 2006 voted against him in 2006. The approval of Judge Gorsuch was also in addition to a few other col-leagues who have since left. We were joined at that time—Judge Gorsuch was supported at that time by then- Senator Barack Obama, by then-Sen-ator Joe Biden, by then-Senator Hil-lary Clinton, and, at that point, by Senator John Kerry, all of whom par-ticipated in the confirmation process of Judge Gorsuch 11 years ago and all of whom did not oppose his nomination on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It shouldn’t come as a surprise, if you have been paying attention to the con-firmation process, to watch a main-stream consensus pick for the Supreme Court answer questions. From when the hearings began—of course, just a couple days ago—I think, since then, we have seen overwhelming bipartisan support emerge publicly in the Senate, once again, and we will see that emerge over the next several weeks. Several of our colleagues from across the aisle have already indicated they believe Judge Gorsuch deserves an up- or-down vote, and I hope that will con-tinue. A fair shake in this process is what we are asking for. I whole-heartedly agree with my colleagues from across the aisle that he deserves a fair shake and an up-or-down vote. Let’s give him that fair shake. Let’s give him that up-or-down vote. Let’s make sure the process remains fair, and let’s give it in a timely fashion. Let’s also give the American people a fair shake. Let’s not forget that Judge Gorsuch is their choice for the Su-preme Court. The American people re-jected the previous administration’s nominee and instead chose Judge Gorsuch. We should respect the will of the American people. Today, I would also like to speak about Judge Gorsuch’s jurisprudence on the separation of powers and the ad-ministrative state. Under the previous administration, I, like many Colo-radans and many of my distinguished Senate colleagues, grew worried as we watched continued administrative overreach. We watched 8 years of con-tinued administrative overreach, agen-cy overreach, and a judiciary that was ill-suited, or not inclined, to push back on the executive branch’s unconstitu-tional overreach. As James Madison warned us in Fed-eralist No. 47, ‘‘The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judi-ciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether he-reditary, self-appointed or elective, may justly be pronounced the very def-inition of tyranny.’’ It is, therefore, James Madison con-cluded, that the separation of powers must be a ‘‘sacred maxim of free gov-ernment.’’ That is what we are seeing in this de-bate over the confirmation of Judge Gorsuch. Through his writing, Judge Gorsuch undoubtedly recognizes this sacred maxim of free government. The questions he is receiving and the an-swers he is giving talk about that sa-cred maxim of free government. His body of work indicates, one, an understanding that there are clear con-stitutional limits to administrative agency power; two, it also dem-onstrates and illustrates a willingness to ensure agencies do not exceed their statutory authority; three, a genuine concern for the due process of regu-lated parties, which rightly requires these parties to receive clear notice on the scope of the regulations they must follow; and, four, a recognition that there are constitutional limits on the lawmaking responsibilities that Con-gress can delegate to the executive branch. Remember, going back to the found-ing of our country and the arguments that took place over the type of gov-ernment we should have, this Nation started first with the Articles of Con-federation and this loose collection of States—States that were able to print their own money, States that were able to raise their own militia because they feared the power of tyranny; they feared the power of centralized govern-ment that the British monarch rep-resented, but that loose Confederation wasn’t working so our Founders real-ized they had to go back to the drawing board to come up with something dif-ferent. So in the late 1700s—1787, 1788—we saw this great debate break out pub-lished across the pages of papers in New York and throughout the country as the anti-Federalists and the Fed-eralists began debating what kind of a government we should have. We had to recognize that too much government was a bad thing, but we also recognized that when we were too loose with that government, then it wouldn’t function either. So James Madison and others who had gotten together recognized that we should put forward a different type of government, and they did so in the Constitution, but they did it amongst guidance by people like James Madison and Federalist No. 47. They did so un-derstanding that one branch of our government wouldn’t gain an unfair advantage over another branch of the government. As the years since that debate in 1789 took place, we have seen that there has been a mission creep, so to speak; that there has been a branch overreach, as the executive branch has grown in power at the expense of the legislative branch. I wish I could say that was all the fault of the executive branch, but it certainly hasn’t been. At times, the legislative branch has yielded too much power and too much authority. Instead of doing its job, the legislative branch has given that authority to the executive branch. Of course, the execu-tive branch hasn’t just pushed it away, saying: No, don’t do that. They have taken it. Both Republicans and Demo-crats, over the past several years, have done exactly that, but it has hurt our balance of powers, and it has hurt that very idea enshrined in Federalist No. 47; that we have to make sure the same hands don’t hold all the power of gov-ernment, leading to that maxim of free government. So a judge who understands and who will rule that there are clear constitu-tional limits to administrative agency power is an important philosophy. It is an important approach that a judge would have. A judge who is showing a willingness to ensure that agencies don’t exceed their statutory author-ity—we need that in our Nation’s Court. We need that on our Nation’s High Court to restore the balance of power. We need someone with a gen-uine concern for due process, someone who recognizes that there are constitu-tional limits on lawmaking respon-sibilities that Congress can delegate to the executive branch. That is why it is important we talk about the views of Judge Gorsuch and the questions he is being asked because his views are root-ed in the Constitution—very main-stream rules that are rooted in the Constitution, mainstream views that should ease any concerns our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle may have about Judge Gorsuch. As Judge Gorsuch explained in his fa-mous concurring opinion on the def-erence given to administrative agen-cies interpretations, the so-called Chevron doctrine, he said: 
We managed to live with the administra-tive state before Chevron. We could do it again. Put simply, it seems to me that in a world without Chevron very little would change—except perhaps the most important things. 
That maxim of free government, that balance of power, the separation of powers, the limits on the administra-tive agency powers, it is something that I think we have to focus more time on, to restore the role we are sup-posed to play. We need to restore the role we are not just supposed to play but the role we are mandated by the Constitution to fulfill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Mar 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.010 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1907 March 22, 2017 
For these reasons, and many others I have shared on the floor, I look forward to working with my distinguished Democratic colleagues to make sure Judge Gorsuch gets that fair shake and that timely up-or-down vote and I cer-tainly hope the bipartisan support he deserves. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, during his campaign, President Trump talked a big game about standing up for workers and creating good, high- paying jobs, but so far, the Republicans haven’t voted on a single piece of legis-lation to create jobs, to grow our econ-omy, or to increase wages for middle- class families—not one single piece, no votes to create jobs, grow the economy, or increase wages for middle-class fam-ilies—but they have been voting. Two weeks ago, Senate Republicans voted along party lines, 49 to 48, to make it easier for companies that get big-time, taxpayer-funded government contracts to steal wages from their em-ployees. They also made it easier for those companies to injure their work-ers without admitting liability. Today, we are voting to make it easier for em-ployers in the most dangerous indus-tries to hide the most serious injuries and illnesses their workers suffer on the job. This isn’t some burdensome new reg-ulation. Large employers in the most dangerous industries have been re-quired to record serious illnesses and injuries their employees suffer on the job since 1972, a few years after the Oc-cupational Health and Safety Act was first passed in 1970. The rule Republicans are trying to overturn today simply clarifies an em-ployer’s obligation to maintain accu-rate, up-to-date records on workplace illnesses and injuries for 5 years. The Occupational Safety and Health Ad-ministration—or OSHA, as most of us call it—at the Labor Department has been enforcing this requirement in every administration since 1972, Demo-cratic and Republican. OSHA uses these data to determine how best to prioritize workplace inspections. Since OSHA resources are so scarce, they have only enough money to inspect each workplace once every 140 years. So they kind of pick and choose where to focus these days to make sure they are targeting their inspections at in-dustries and in occupations where workers are at the highest risk of in-jury. The Department also uses these reports to publish yearly statistics on the workplace hazards that kill 4,800 people and injure another 3 million people—American workers hurt and killed every year. Data show employers already vastly underreport workplace injuries and ill-nesses, and without this rule, under-reporting will skyrocket. It will get harder for OSHA to hold employers ac-countable when they cut corners and endanger worker safety. Today’s vote is great news for the Republicans who will rake in campaign contributions from their buddies at the Chamber of Commerce. It is great news for giant corporations that are lob-bying hard against this rule, but it is not great news for hard-working Amer-icans. The people did not send us to Washington to work for companies that plump up their profits by skirting safety regulations. The problem? This is just the begin-ning. Last week, President Trump pro-posed cutting the Department of La-bor’s budget by more than 20 percent. These cuts will take cops off the beat and send a clear signal to employers that they can cut corners on safety with impunity. President Trump also proposed elimi-nating a 1970 program at OSHA that gives grants to nonprofits and commu-nity organizations that provide free training for workers on how to identify and prevent job hazards that could in-jure or kill them. These programs work, and now President Trump wants to cut them. That would mean the end of successful worker training programs like the Brazilian Worker Center’s pro-gram in Allston, MA, that provides res-idential construction workers with life-saving fall protection training. It also would cut funding for a Massachusetts Coalition on Occupational Health and Safety program in Dorchester that gives teens working in the retail sector training on how to prevent workplace violence, including sexual assault. Please note how important this is— 200,000 young workers are the victims of workplace sexual assault every sin-gle year. This is a training program that was so successful that since it has been implemented, it has been rep-licated now nationwide. Yet the Trump administration wants to defund it. Just yesterday, the Trump adminis-tration finalized a 60-day delay of a rule to protect 60,000 workers who are exposed to lethal, cancer-causing be-ryllium at work. This regulation saves about 100 lives every single year. Be-cause the beryllium standards haven’t been updated in 40 years, tens of thou-sands of workers are putting their lives at risk every single day. Americans who are exposed to beryllium on the job shouldn’t have to wait another 60 days before they can get some protec-tion so their jobs will not cause them lung cancer. The pattern emerging is pretty clear. Republicans have no plans to improve the lives of American workers. Quite the opposite. Republicans are increas-ing the odds that workers will be in-jured or even killed. When I came to the Senate floor 2 weeks ago to speak out against the re-peal of the Fair Pay and Safe Work-places Act, I said the debate on this vote was about whom Congress works for. Today’s debate is no different. The Republicans are working for giant em-ployers that don’t want to follow the basic rules to keep their employees safe. This is shameful. This Congress should be working for the Americans who work for a living and just want to be able to do that without putting their lives at risk. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, there has been a lot of conversation from so many of our fellow Senators about the opioid crisis that has been devastating individuals and families across the country. We heard this par-ticularly in New Hampshire as it was a topic of discussion last fall during the election. It was an opportunity to bring to the Nation’s attention—be-cause of the eyes being focused first on the New Hampshire primary—of a real opioid crisis. What we also then discussed was that it was not just affecting a few States, it was affecting most of the States. That is the case with my State of Flor-ida. Addiction to opioids has reached staggering levels, and the situation is only getting worse. In 2015, more than 33,000 Americans died from prescription opioid overdoses. That is 15 percent more people than had died just the pre-vious year. I don’t have the figures for last year, 2016. So Florida is right there in that na-tional trend. What Florida saw between 2014 and 2015 was a 22.7-percent in-crease. It is staggering because in that year, Florida suffered over 2,000 deaths from opioid overdoses. Earlier this month, our office interviewed a woman from Florida for yesterday’s Com-mittee on Aging’s hearing. She is caring for her 7-year-old grandson because his mother lost cus-tody, was later incarcerated due to her drug addiction. Sadly, this story is all too familiar. The number of grand-parents serving as the primary care-takers for their grandchildren is in-creasing, as was the case with the lady from Florida who testified at the Com-mittee on Aging hearing this week. They are primary caretakers for their grandchildren. It is, in large part, be-cause of the opioid epidemic. In addition to the devastating loss of life and the challenges for the new caregivers, opioid abuse is straining local and State budgets. Just last month, the vice mayor of Palm Beach County sent a letter to the Governor urging him to declare a public health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.012 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1908 March 22, 2017 
emergency in Florida citing the loss of life and financial impact—in this case to Palm Beach County. Yesterday, several of my colleagues and I sent a letter to the majority lead-er of the Senate highlighting some of our concerns with the House of Rep-resentative’s healthcare bill that I call TrumpCare and how it is going to im-pact those with substance abuse dis-orders because one of the things we are most concerned about is how the pro-posed changes in Medicaid that they are going to vote on at the other end of the hall—right down here tomorrow, they are going to vote on the House of Representative’s healthcare TrumpCare bill. The changes they make to Medicaid would prevent States from being able to respond to the opioid crisis because Medicaid plays a critical role in the fight against opioids, but changing the Medicaid Program to a block grant or a cap is going to shift costs to the States. The States are not going to pick up that additional cost. It is going to eliminate also some of the Federal protections, and it is only going to hurt our people who rely on Medicaid to help them as we are combating this opioid crisis because with less Federal funding, how are States like mine going to provide the necessary services to help individuals with substance abuse disorders? Congress ought to be doing more to help with this crisis, not less. How many times have you heard a Senator, like this Senator, come to the floor and talk about the opioid epidemic? Yet we are just about to do it to ourselves if we pass this TrumpCare bill. Remem-ber, last year, while so many of us, in-cluding this Senator, were early sup-porters of the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act of 2016—it was signed into law last year. The law takes a comprehensive approach to this opioid problem. A few months ago, a lot of us, includ-ing this Senator, voted to provide addi-tional funding to start implementing this crucial new law to fight opioid ad-diction. Despite this progress, the House tomorrow—probably, tomorrow night—is about to pass legislation that would completely undermine last year’s bipartisan efforts to respond to the epidemic and to undercut healthcare for millions of people in this country. Opioid abuse is a deadly, serious problem, and we cannot ignore it. We should be investing more resources into helping these people and their families, not cutting them at the time we need them the most. Again, I make a plea. We made progress last year with the law. We passed the new law. We made progress, giving some additional funding. The crisis hasn’t gone away. We still need to respond. But at the very same time, what we see happening to the Medicaid Pro-gram—eliminating Medicaid as we know it, healthcare for the people who are the least fortunate among us—is that we are about to cut back on all that progress we have made on this opioid crisis. I hope that we will think better of this and not do it to our-selves. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, one thing has become clear in this country: Hard work just doesn’t pay off like it used to. Over the last 40 years, GDP has gone up, corporate profits have gone up, and executive salaries have gone up all because of the productivity of American workers, but companies are not investing in their workers the way they did. Workers don’t feel like institutions—whether it is government or big companies—work for them. Again, GDP goes up, corporate prof-its go up, executive salaries go up, worker productivity goes up, but work-ers’ wages do not. Actions like this today are the reason. Congress is vot-ing to allow employers in our most dangerous industries to hide injuries to workers and to skirt worker protection laws. This Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, rule simply makes clear that it is the employer’s responsibility to maintain accurate records of serious injuries that happen on the job. The rule simply makes clear that it is the employer’s responsi-bility to maintain accurate records of serious injuries that happen on the job. It doesn’t impose new costs. It doesn’t affect small business. What it does is it holds companies accountable for maintaining their own records, as they have done for 40 years. These records are the most important tool we have to identify and root out the most dangerous workplace hazards. They are the basis for national statistics on workplace health and safety. Two former Commissioners from the Bureau of Labor Statistics—one from the George Bush administration and one from the Barack Obama adminis-tration—have written to this body, warning us that killing this rule could undermine nearly a half century of worker safety information. So a leading Republican and a lead-ing Democrat have both written to this body saying: Don’t do this; it will mean more workplace injuries. I know people around here who have these kinds of jobs—where workplace injuries rarely are even a fact of life— may not think about this enough. Pope Francis exhorted his parish priests to go out and smell like the flock. People in this body need to go out and talk to workers more. Go to union halls, go to workplaces, listen to what workers are saying, listen to what union members are saying, and listen to what non-union members are saying about what these workplace safety rules mean. Worse yet, this vote today will allow employers to falsify their safety records with impunity. Companies can avoid OSHA rules and inspections by underreporting—underreporting—harm to their workers, and they can avoid making a real investment to make their workplaces safer. Over the past three decades, some of the worst offenders with dangerous workplaces hid injuries and kept fraud-ulent records. They hid injuries, and they kept fraudulent records. They claimed they were safe, while workers were being hurt on the job. These requirements only apply to the most dangerous industries—industries where proper safety precautions could mean the difference between life and death or a permanent disability for these workers. We are talking about fall hazards, dangerous machines with-out proper guarding, workers handling dangerous chemicals without adequate washing stations. Look at the poultry processing indus-try. These workers face serious health and safety problems. In many plants, workers process 140 chickens a minute, and they are at risk for disabling inju-ries. Maybe people around here don’t think much about people processing chickens. It is not a job that pays well. It is a job that is difficult. Frankly, people in this body don’t know people who do those jobs, by and large. They are handling 140 chickens a minute. They are at risk for disabling injuries. We eat the chickens, but we don’t see what happens when they are processed, and we are not paying attention to that. That is why it is so important we not vote for this rule change. Too many employers fail to report these injuries. If OSHA isn’t empow-ered to enforce recordkeeping, proc-essing plants will be able to hide their safety violations and expose their workers to crippling injuries. This CRA vote today is about work-ers’ safety, period. Workers’ safety is something so fundamental that it is hard to believe we are arguing about it. In the United States of America in 2017, companies shouldn’t be able to put workers’ lives and safety at risk just so they can make more money. They shouldn’t be able to put their workers’ lives and safety at risk just to make more money, and we shouldn’t be part of that effort to help those compa-nies do that. To my colleagues who are prepared to gut this rule, I ask: Would you be willing to work these jobs? Would my fellow Senators be willing to send their children to work in these dangerous in-dustries while turning a blind eye to safety rules? I think we know what the answers to those questions are. This is why Ameri-cans are losing their faith in our insti-tutions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.015 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1909 March 22, 2017 
Earlier this month, at the Glenn School in Columbus—which is named after my good friend, the late Senator John Glenn—I rolled out a plan to rein-vest in the American worker, but in-stead of coming together to work on solutions, the Senate today is going in the wrong direction. We are debating a measure to give big corporations— which in many cases are more profit-able than they have ever been—more ways to exploit American workers, more ways to evade the consequences, and more ways to pad their profits at the expense of everyday Americans. American workers aren’t just a cost to be minimized. Protections for work-ers’ safety aren’t a luxury you can cut. It is disgraceful that this body fails to understand this. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
WE THE PEOPLE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important words in our Constitu-tion are the first three words, ‘‘We the People.’’ With those words, our Found-ing Fathers laid out the vision, the principles, and the foundation for our new Nation’s government. It would be, as President Lincoln so eloquently de-scribed, ‘‘a government of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ It would not be a government by and for the privileged. It would not be a gov-ernment by and for the powerful. It would not be a government by and for the elite, and it certainly would not be an authoritarian government. I believe it is more important than ever for us to recommit ourselves to that vision, a vision of a nation that measures successes, not at the board-room table but at the kitchen tables of hard-working Americans across this land, the vision of a nation that derives its power and authority from the peo-ple. In order to do that, we must resist President Trump’s dangerous tilt to-ward authoritarianism. Throughout his candidacy and now within the walls of the White House, President Trump has viciously and repeatedly attacked the media. He has inflamed people’s anger toward immigrants, toward religious minorities, toward refugees, and he has undermined or attacked individuals who publicly stand up to him and the shortcomings of his policies. These are four strategies used by authoritarian leaders from time immemorial to con-solidate power. These are strategies that are incompatible with our con-stitutional ‘‘we the people’’ construc-tion of government, and we must call out and resist these strategies. President Trump’s authoritarian leanings were there from the begin-ning. Like many figures throughout history, he rode into office as much on a cult personality as on the merits of his policies. It started with the nick-names and the unrestrained insults, calling opponents crooked and lyin’ and phony, calling critics dumb as a rock, incompetent, crazy, or dishonest. He escalated the calls to toss out or hurt protesters at his rallies. At one point, he promised to pay the legal bills of a man arrested for punching a protester at a rally in North Carolina. Then there were the ‘‘lock her up’’ chants that he repeated himself, call-ing for imprisoning a political oppo-nent. Threatening to throw your oppo-nent in jail if you win is a strategy usually seen only with dictators. Mr. Trump himself best summed up his populist cult personality when he said at one campaign event: ‘‘I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn’t lose any voters, OK?’’ The scary thought is that he was probably not so far off the mark. This aggressive and unswerving loyalty is a challenge to our ‘‘we the people’’ democracy. Let’s take a look at Senior White House Policy Adviser Stephen Miller’s declaration on Face the Nation last month. He said: ‘‘Our opponents, the media, and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the President to protect our country are very substan-tial and will not be questioned.’’ That is an interesting statement to make: The President’s powers will not be questioned. What a bold, un-Amer-ican, authoritarian statement to make because here in America, our Nation, our national government, is premised on the concept that we can challenge our leaders. It is not only a privilege, it is a responsibility. Yet Mr. Trump has repeatedly attacked this fundamental American principle and those who exer-cise it. Take, for instance, his attack on freedom of the press. Demosthenes, an ancient Greek statesman, orator, and legal scholar of the third century B.C. once said: ‘‘There is one safeguard known generally to the wise, which is an advantage and security to all, but especially to democracies as against despots—suspicion.’’ What Demosthenes was saying is that in a democracy we don’t take the statements of our political leaders sim-ply at face value. We test those state-ments against the facts to find our way to the truth. In the United States, a free and open press is how we exercise that suspicion and find our way to the truth. Thomas Jefferson believed that. He said: ‘‘Our liberty depends on the free-dom of the press.’’ Our liberty depends upon the freedom of the press. Benjamin Franklin echoed that belief when he said: ‘‘Freedom of speech is ever the Symptom as well as the Effect of a good Government.’’ John Adams wrote: ‘‘The liberty of the press is essential to the security of the state.’’ It is so essential, in fact, that the Founding Fathers enshrined our commitment to a free and open press to the very First Amendment to the Constitution, that ‘‘Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the free-dom of speech, or of the press.’’ Yet what we have seen time and again from President Trump is an endless attack against the fourth estate, against the press. He said: ‘‘The media is very un-fair. They’re very biased.’’ He com-plained on FOX News last August. He attacked the New York Times in that same interview, not for the first or last time, saying: ‘‘You look at The New York Times, I mean the fail—I call it ‘The Failing New York Times.’’’ Apparently any news story critical of the President is now ‘‘fake news.’’ He tweeted in February: ‘‘Any negative polls are fake news.’’ And when asked about leaks from the intelligence community during last month’s press conference in the East Room, he said: ‘‘The leaks are abso-lutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake.’’ His staff has gotten into the action, too, pushing at one point the Orwellian term, ‘‘alternative facts.’’ During an interview on NBC’s Meet the Press, Kellyanne Conway said: ‘‘Sean Spicer, our press secretary, gave alternative facts,’’ and, in the administration, ‘‘we feel compelled to go out and clear the air and put alternative facts out there.’’ The White House has taken their fight with the media so far as to block access to outlets they disagree with, banning outlets such as CNN, POLIT-ICO, the New York Times, and Los An-geles Times from an off-camera press briefing last month. But of all of President Trump’s re-lentless attacks against the media, the most disturbing to me was when he tweeted in February: ‘‘The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!’’ President Trump, I have a message for you: A free and open press is not the enemy of the American people. A free and open press is the salvation of our democratic Republic. It is an essen-tial warrior in our Republic against fake news, charlatans, and those who would use fake news and attacks on the press to advance authoritarian govern-ment. I thought my colleague from Arizona, Senator M
CCAIN, made a very apt anal-ysis when he said that suppressing free speech is how dictators ‘‘get started . . . when you look at history, the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press.’’ Senator M
CCAINwent on to say: ‘‘If you want to preserve democ-racy as we know it, you have to have a free and many times adversarial press.’’ So this is a major concern, this at-tack on the media, and particularly an attack on news organizations that work to vet their reporting before they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.016 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1910 March 22, 2017 
share it with the American people. In other words, we are in the ironic situa-tion that the very groups under attack by President Trump are the groups that work hardest to get true facts, ac-tual facts, vetted facts, carefully fact- checked information to the American people. That is the foundation for a na-tional dialogue: carefully vetted infor-mation so that we know when we read it, it is reliable. That is the type of news we need more of in this Nation. Mr. Trump’s authoritarian tactics aren’t just limited to his war on the media. His second approach is to at-tack and scapegoat immigrants, reli-gious minorities, and refugees ever since he stood in the lobby of Trump Tower and said: 
When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. . . . They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rap-ists. 
Since then President Trump has made it his mission to turn the Amer-ican people against Mexican immi-grants, to make them the enemy. He has talked about the ‘‘bad hombres’’ flooding across our southern border, stealing our jobs, committing crimes, and murdering American citizens. In his mind, the people coming from Mex-ico are all dangerous, violent cartel members transporting an endless sup-ply of drugs across our country in order to ruin America. But this storyline is completely at odds with the facts. First, drug cartels do not ship their products into our country through the backpacks of immigrants. Recently I traveled with a congres-sional delegation to the U.S.-Mexico border to examine this issue. The ex-perts on the border told our delegation that drugs come into the United States through freight, in trucks, and through tunnels—not through backpacks. What this means is that a proposal to build a wall, whether it is 20 feet high or 30 feet high, will be absolutely useless in diminishing the flow of drugs into our country. I will tell you what else they told us. They said that an end zone defense does not work against drugs. If you want to stop the flow of drugs, you have to work carefully with regard to everything from the moment they are being manufactured or shipped into Mexico until they migrate north. That means you have to work in close co-operation with the security agencies of Mexico, with the police, and with the intelligence agencies of Mexico. That cooperation requires a very close co-ordination between respected partners, and disrespecting the partners of Mex-ico is the best way to damage the abil-ity to intercept drugs that are coming into the United States. We also know that the underlying premise of there being a flood of Mexi-can immigrants coming into our coun-try is false. A 2015 study from the Pew Research Center found that between 2009 and 2014, there was a net outflow of 140,000 Mexican immigrants from the United States. They were migrating from the United States to Mexico, a net outflow. A more recent Pew Study determined that the number of undocu-mented Mexican immigrants in Amer-ica has declined by more than 1 million since 2007. If you take the span during the Obama administration, there was an outflow, not an inflow—the exact opposite of the story line the President is presenting. What about those violent crimes being committed by undocumented criminals? The data does not support the President. In fact, the New York Times reported that ‘‘several studies, over many years, have concluded that immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than people born in the United States.’’ Between 1980 and 2010, among men aged 18 to 49, immigrants were one-half to one-fifth as likely to be in-carcerated as those born in the United States. When you look closer, the attacks on immigrants fall apart, as I have point-ed out, but that is what authoritarian leaders do. They create a false enemy, and they use the perception of that enemy to generate hate and fear. They use that hate and fear to consolidate power. It is our responsibility as citi-zens, as the press in the United States, and as legislators to resist this author-itarian strategy of President Trump. Another of his strategies is to attack religious minorities in our country and abroad. Take for instance his pledge on the campaign trail for a ‘‘total and complete’’ shutdown on Muslims enter-ing the United States. As we know, Mr. Trump followed up on this approach after the election by asking Rudy Giuliani to help fashion a legal Muslim ban. During a FOX News interview, Mr. Giuliani said: 
Trump called me up. He said, Put a com-mission together. Show me the right way to do it legally. 
To attempt to meet constitutional muster, Trump aimed his ban at immi-grants from seven Muslim-majority na-tions. Rudy Giuliani went on to say in that same FOX News interview: 
What we did was we focused on, instead of religion, danger—the areas of the world that create danger for us, which is a factual basis, not a religious basis. Perfectly legal, per-fectly sensible. And that’s what the ban is based on. 
But, as William Banks, the director of the Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism at Syracuse Uni-versity, observed, ‘‘Since 9/11, no one has been killed in this country in a ter-rorist attack by anyone who emigrated from any of the seven countries.’’ The President’s own Department of Homeland Security recently reported that citizens from the countries listed in the Muslim ban are ‘‘rarely impli-cated in U.S.-based terrorism.’’ In fact, the report concluded that individuals who died in the pursuit of or who were convicted of terrorism were far more likely to be U.S.-born citizens than to be immigrants. Here is the great irony and the trag-edy of President Trump’s effort to de-monize Muslims: Instead of protecting the United States, he is damaging the security of the United States. His at-tacks feed perfectly into and therefore strengthen ISIS’s recruiting strategy of claiming that the United States is at war with Islam. Video of his speeches and public statements, especially Trump’s call for a Muslim ban, has al-ready been featured in ISIS’s recruit-ing tools. In addition, it weakens the Muslim leaders we are seeking to part-ner with in taking on ISIS. It under-mines those leaders’ support from their own countries in their cooperating with the United States. Trump’s strategy does double damage to American security, and I wish his impact against religious minorities stopped there. I wish it stopped long before there because it is incompatible with the fundamental premise, the fun-damental values of the United States of America, which is religious freedom. Yet, throughout the course of his cam-paign, he gave voice time and again to the views and opinions of White nation-alists and anti-Semites. He did not di-rectly attack the Jewish community, but his White nationalist rhetoric and actions have had the effect of doing it indirectly. When he needs news or in-formation, he turns to the White na-tionalist Breitbart News—a fake news source which has infamously attacked American Jews with stories like ‘‘Bill Kristol: Republican spoiler, renegade Jew’’ and another one that attacked Anne Applebaum of the Washington Post, which read: ‘‘Hell hath no fury like a Polish, Jewish, American elitist scorned.’’ But President Trump does not just tap into the Breitbart White nation-alist themes; he brought the former ex-ecutive chair of Breitbart, Steve Bannon, into the White House as his chief strategist and then appointed him to the Principals Committee of the Na-tional Security Council. This indi-vidual has no business being anywhere near the Capital of the United States and certainly not on the Principals Committee of the National Security Council. Bannon is a man who has not only been embraced by White suprema-cists for his views, but according to testimony from his ex-wife, he has said he does not want his children going to school with Jewish kids and had once asked a school administrator why there were so many Hanukkah books in the library. If you think this theme has not had a real effect on our country, you are wrong. When Donald Trump was elect-ed, the KKK and other White nation-alist groups celebrated. They felt free to come out of the shadows. They felt bold enough to hold an annual White nationalist conference right here in Washington, DC, at the Ronald Reagan Building, steps from the White House, because they finally felt like they had one of their own in the Oval Office. These nationalist groups are so emboldened that we have seen more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.017 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1911 March 22, 2017 
than 100 bomb threats called in to Jew-ish community centers around the country since January. We have wit-nessed the desecration of Jewish headstones in cemeteries in St. Louis and in Philadelphia. Last month the President, speaking to a roomful of State attorneys gen-eral, said he condemned these threats. I applaud him for condemning them. But then he turned around and said: ‘‘You have to be careful, because the reverse could be true.’’ What did he mean by that? Commentators have suggested that the President meant by ‘‘the reverse could be true’’ that the bomb threats, the Swastika graffiti, and the desecration of Jewish burial sites might actually be the work of Jewish Americans to generate criti-cism of President Trump. There is no evidence of that, and I certainly do not believe it to be true. What I do believe is that a ‘‘blame the victim’’ tactic is reprehensible and in itself an anti-Se-mitic strategy. The President has also dedicated a significant amount of time to trying to make the country fear refugees, to de-monize refugees. Many of us grew up in a world in which Lady Liberty’s words of ‘‘give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free’’ stirred our hearts because, unless you are 100 percent Native American, you are tied in through your parents, your grandparents, your great-grand-parents, your ancestors. You are tied to those who immigrated to the United States, who came here, often fleeing persecution, often fleeing famine. This Nation gave them a place to stand and in which to build a new life and thrive and hand down a better, stronger na-tion to their children. That is a prop-erty of our history. That is a value deeply rooted in our hearts. The President, instead, has dedicated his energy to attacking refugees, those, like our ancestors, who came here, flee-ing persecution and fleeing famine, es-pecially Syrian refugees, who are flee-ing for their lives in search of a safe haven. He has falsely claimed they rep-resent a ‘‘great Trojan horse’’ that threatens the safety of Americans. Mr. Trump says these victims of war have to be subjected to extreme vetting be-cause we have no idea who these people are or where they come from. The fact is that we do know who they are. We know exactly where they come from because before they can come here as refugees, they already go through ex-treme vetting. It takes 18 months to 2 years of vetting, on average, before ref-ugees are given tickets to come to the United States of America, and if at any point during that 18 to 24 months some-thing does not add up, they do not get the tickets. Now, if ISIS or another terrorist or-ganization wants to get people who are dangerous into our country, they do not go through an 18- or a 24-month vetting process. No. They come on tourist visas or student visas or busi-ness visas. Going through the refugee process would be the worst possible way to do it. As an analysis by the Migration Pol-icy Institute reminded us in October of 2015, of the 784,000 refugees who have been resettled in our country since September 11, 2001, 3 have been ar-rested for planning terrorist activities. None of them got past the planning phase, and only one of those three was talking about potential attacks here in the United States. The others were talking about sending money and weapons to al-Qaida. In other words, no one has been injured by those 784,000 refugees. These are just some of the pieces of the President’s authoritarian strategy to demonize groups, to create hate, to create fear, and to try to consolidate power. As a result of his activities, we have seen waves of hate crimes and vio-lence and bigotry sweep across our Na-tion. Latino and Latina students in our schools and in our classrooms have been forced to confront classmates’ bullying and taunts, chants of ‘‘build the wall’’ and ‘‘go back to your coun-try,’’ and graffiti sprayed on walls to ‘‘build the wall higher.’’ We have heard reports of verbal and physical attacks against people of the Muslim faith. A woman at San Jose University lost her balance and choked when a man at-tempted to rip off her head scarf. A Muslim student at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign campus reported having a knife pulled on her. A Muslim teacher in Georgia found left on her desk a note that read that a head scarf is not allowed anymore and that she should hang herself with it. Within the last 8 weeks, four mosques around the country have been burned to the ground. Just recently, a man in Kansas went into a bar, hurled ethnic slurs at two Indian engineers, and shot them, kill-ing one and seriously injuring the other. As I mentioned earlier, since Janu-ary, there have been more than 100 bomb threats against Jewish commu-nity centers. Throughout history, we have seen this tactic used by an executive here, an executive there, by a dictator here, a dictator there, in country after coun-try, to characterize minority commu-nities as a threat to be feared in order to make the body politic afraid, to make them angry, and to make them willing to support authoritarian exer-cise of power. What is our job? It is our job to ex-pose this strategy, to call attention to this strategy, to address the myths that are used to instill fear and the falsehoods that are used to instill ha-tred. It is our job to oppose this au-thoritarian game plan in every way possible. The third leg of President Trump’s authoritarian attacks are ones that go against public opposition to him and attack the protests of the people of the United States. What was the Presi-dent’s response after millions of people in cities all around the country—and all around the world, for that matter— joined the women’s march to stand up for the fundamental values of peace, tolerance, and equality? His response was a rebuke and a dismissal. He tweeted: 
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn’t these people vote? 
Well, President Trump, they did vote, and they all voted overwhelmingly for your opponent, by a 3 million-vote margin. We saw similarly disparaging re-sponses from Republican lawmakers like the Facebook post from a State Senator in Mississippi who said: 
So a group of unhappy liberal women marched in Washington, D.C. We shouldn’t be surprised; almost all liberal women are unhappy. 
After countless citizens around the country began showing up at townhall meetings to make their voices heard, what was his response? He dismissed these engaged citizens as ‘‘so-called angry crowds,’’ and then he tweeted: ‘‘Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make America great again!’’ I have held a lot of townhalls since January, many of them filled beyond capacity with regular citizens who are deeply distressed by what they are see-ing in our country. At one townhall, more than 3,500 people showed up. We had so many people that the hundreds of folks who couldn’t get in had to stand outside the building in the cold, listening. We took a speaker and put it in the window so those outside could hear, and they watched through the windows. This is ‘‘we the people’’ government. This is American citizens saying: Your strategy, President Trump, is not OK. Your strategy to divide us into factions in America and to pit one faction against another, to demonize groups, to incite hate is just wrong. I find it truly disheartening to see the President attacking citizens exer-cising their voice, which is often the most basic civic duty. President Jefferson said there is a mother principle for our government, and the mother principle is that the ac-tions of the government will only re-flect the will of the people if each and every citizen has an equal voice. We know, in the modern day of campaign financing, some citizens and, indeed, often some noncitizens—that is, mas-sive rich corporations—have a very loud voice compared to the average cit-izen. So citizens, to compensate, are saying: We are going to show up. We are going to take our time and our en-ergy and we are going to join together and we are going to send a lot of emails to Capitol Hill, a lot of letters to Cap-itol Hill, but we are also going to show up in the parks and the streets to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.018 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1912 March 22, 2017 
march in order to say this strategy, this authoritarian strategy, or this strategy to take away healthcare from millions of Americans is absolutely un-acceptable. And the President somehow is living in a fantasy world where he thinks they are paid? I don’t think so. I don’t think this last weekend, when 800 people showed up at Redmond, OR, to my townhall, that a single one of them was paid—not a single one. When we look across the country and we see the 7-year-old who wanted to be at a townhall because he doesn’t want us to cut funding for PBS in order to build a wall, he wasn’t paid, or the Muslim immigrant who risked his life for our Nation in Afghanistan as a military interpreter and now wants to know ‘‘Who is going to save me here,’’ he wasn’t paid. American citizens are using their voice as designed in our ‘‘we the peo-ple’’ Constitution, but in the mind of our President and in the words of his adviser, Stephen Miller, his powers are very substantial and will not be ques-tioned, not even by the citizens and voters of this great Nation. Well, they are being questioned, mas-sively, by citizens raising their voices in every possible way. American citizens everywhere are deeply disturbed by what they are see-ing unfold in our Nation. They fear we are headed down a dark and dangerous path that will betray the founding principles of our ‘‘we the people’’ gov-ernment, and they have every right to be anxious and concerned. There have been allusions made by a number of experts to Mr. Trump’s ac-tions and the early days of Vladimir Putin’s regime and especially his re-lentless war with the media. All of these are reasons citizens are fired up, raising their voices to oppose the au-thoritarian tactics of this administra-tion. While the President seeks to dismiss the legitimacy of these voices, I stand here today to praise those Americans for standing up, for taking on their re-sponsibility as citizens to create a pow-erful, courageous chorus, a public stand against the authoritarian strat-egy of President Trump—his strategy of attacking the media, his strategy of attacking immigrants, his strategy of attacking refugees, and his strategy of attacking religious minorities. A friend sent me a message the other day saying: 
I’m more devastated daily. I can’t believe the Republicans are not stopping this, saying something. How can this be happening? Don’t the Republicans see what’s happening? I weep for my kids. 
Millions of Americans across the country are feeling those same fears. It is up to all of us here, imbued with the awesome responsibility to speak for and represent the people of this Nation, to stand up against advancing authoritarianism. It is right for us to fight for a free, open democratic repub-lic, with a ‘‘government of the people, by the people, for the people.’’ Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am here in the midst of a Judiciary Committee hearing on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, showing, and in a way showcasing, the wonder of Amer-ican justice. This hearing will proceed through the balance of the day with him as our witness, and then into to-morrow with others who will comment on his qualifications. The showcasing of American justice really demonstrates how the rule of law serves our democracy and how we strive to appoint the best possible peo-ple—men and women, dedicated public servants—to the courts of our land to assure that the rule of law and Amer-ican justice are second to none and as infallible in protecting individual rights as they can possibly be. In a sense, I am here to talk about a rule that also serves American justice. It is a rule put forward by the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administra-tion under the last administration. I am here to oppose H.J. Res. 83, which would repeal that rule. The rule is known as the OSHA injury record-keeping rule. It sounds very technical, obscure, and for most people it is, but there are nearly 3 million serious inju-ries reported every year at American workplaces. For over 40 years; that is, four dec-ades, Federal law has required employ-ers with 11 or more employees in dan-gerous professions—poultry slaugh-tering, meat packing, steel mills, con-struction—which see the bulk of these injuries to keep active records of in-jury suffered in those workplaces and others like them that are considered dangerous. Having accurate records is common sense for employers who want to know what is going right in their places of work and what is going wrong and how they can prevent workers from being hurt on the job because they don’t want anybody hurt. Responsible em-ployers want safe workplaces. It is really that simple. We all know inju-ries are bad for business and they cost time and money. With those records, OSHA can also investigate companies and work to make them safer and ensure they com-ply with the law. In essence, they can look at the outliers—who are lawbreakers, who cares less about safe-ty than profits—but also maybe em-ployers who don’t do as much as they could or would if they were better in-formed. A misguided court ruling in 2012, after 40 years of the law prevailing, curtailed OSHA’s ability to sanction employers concerning those records. The ruling limited OSHA’s ability to sanction employers to just 6 months of the start of the investigation based on the records. Soon after that ruling, OSHA and the Obama administration discovered it could not adequately in-vestigate employers who provided an unsafe workplace, making them effec-tively immune from some safety laws. After going through all the proper rulemaking, all of the steps that are necessary to make an administrative rule, all the channels and procedures, the last administration put forward a rule that responds to the court decision and allows OSHA to review those records for 5 years. That is essentially how things worked for 40 years. It worked well for 40 years, and it was simply reinstituted because the court decision was so crippling to the rule of law and American justice. That is the rule we are discussing today—a return to longstanding policy that existed for decades under Republican and Demo-cratic administrations, dating back to the Presidency of Richard Nixon. Putting aside the 40 years’ worth of this rule working well, it does some very important things. It requires these large employers in dangerous in-dustries to keep accurate records of se-rious work-related injuries and ill-nesses. It has no impact on a huge swath of the economy that is not con-sidered dangerous. It doesn’t apply to restaurants, offices, and many other workplaces, regardless of the number of employees they have; the rule im-pacts just the most dangerous indus-tries in our economy and companies in that industry with more than 10 em-ployees. It essentially prevents them from covering up injuries, maintaining fraudulent records concerning injuries, and willfully violating the law. There are things the rule does not do. It imposes no new costs on employers. It imposes no new obligations. It sim-ply returns to a policy that worked well for decades—I repeat, under both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations, accepted by both—and it gives certainty to businesses. That is one of the great advantages in an econ-omy and society where certainty for our job creators is very valuable. Repealing this rule would lead to more dangerous workplaces and give unsafe companies an upper hand in competition. It would unlevel the play-ing field between the good guys and the bad guys in those industries. This rule would essentially eliminate require-ments that employers keep proper records, as they know OSHA can do nothing to investigate. Repeal of the rule amounts to the Federal Govern-ment siding with the companies that see injuries on the job but in effect sweep them under the rug. Repeal pro-motes companies to keep false records—if they keep records at all— limiting enforcement and punishment of anyone who keeps two sets of books, which few would do. Repeal of this rule undermines companies that keep safe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.020 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1913 March 22, 2017 
workplace records and are in competi-tion with companies that are cutting corners. This has implications for tax-payers. Many procurement processes seek information about companies’ safety records, giving a leg up to the safer company, as should be the case. That is in taxpayers’ interests. Repeal of the rule would take away this incen-tive to protect employees. Repealing this rule is bad for tax-payers, is bad for Federal policy, par-ticularly in those areas where the Fed-eral Government is a purchaser and a consumer, because it deserves to know—and so do we all—which ones are the safe employers. Former Obama and Bush administra-tion officials oppose repeal of this rule. Dozens of health and safety groups warn against the spike in injuries that repeal may encourage in work-related injuries and illnesses. Labor organiza-tions representing millions of workers nationwide and many Fortune 500 com-panies oppose this resolution and sup-port the rule. Health and safety groups, labor organizations, Fortune 500 com-panies, and officials from the past two administrations all support the rule and oppose this resolution. It is truly bipartisan. I urge my colleagues to unite across the aisle and resist the false and unfor-tunate arguments that are made in favor of this resolution. I urge col-leagues to join me in opposing it be-cause it will endanger workers in the most hazardous places in the work-place and the country. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to a resolution that will roll back nearly 45 years of OSHA workplace safety enforcement precedents. We would be reversing a precedent that helps ensure every American worker heads homes safely at the end of their shift. This resolution is an effort by my Re-publican colleagues to overturn a rule issued by OSHA on December 16, 2016, entitled, ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness.’’ As the title says, this rule provides employers with clarification on the requirements to timely report and record workplace injury and illnesses. This rule adds no new employer requirements that differ from 45 years of policy. The rule sup-ports a practice that law-abiding busi-nesses comply with and have operated under since passage of the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act of 1970. Passing this resolution and repealing this rule only creates a safe harbor for businesses that have broken the law in the last 5 years or don’t intend to fol-low longstanding rules created to pro-tect the safety and health of workers. For nearly the last 45 years, OSHA has required employers, with the ex-ception of small employers, to timely report workplace injury and illnesses to the Department of Labor and main-tain a record of such incidents going back at least 5 years. If an employer failed to do either, they could be cited and penalized. OSHA’s rule issued last December simply maintains this long-standing practice. This resolution aims to change that record keeping requirement, or lookback period, from 5 years to 6 months. So if an unscrupulous em-ployer fails to report a worker injury or illness and OSHA doesn’t discover the underreporting and cite the em-ployer in the first 6 months after the incident occurred, the employer is able to get away with it and the data used to identify dangerous industries or worksites is lost. Accurate injury and illness records are critical for the protection of work-ers and for OSHA to direct the most ef-ficient use of their limited resources, and the more data they have, the bet-ter. With their current resources, OSHA is only able to inspect a work-place, on average, once every 140 years. That is clearly not sufficient, espe-cially when over 4,800 workers were killed in 2015 and almost 3 million more suffered a serious workplace in-jury or illnesses. The OSHA reporting rule is critical for OSHA to conduct a thorough investigation, enforce accu-rate recordkeeping requirements, and focus limited resources on industries and bad actors that pose the greatest risk to worker safety. Take, for instance, the Exel Corpora-tion, a Pennsylvania warehouse and trucking company, which hired hun-dreds of foreign students on temporary visas, and was cited for numerous unre-corded injuries after some students were seriously injured on the job. Only after students fought for fair pay and safer working conditions and OSHA was able to conduct an investigation was it revealed that, for years, the company had withheld wages and will-fully failed to record about half the se-rious injuries to student workers as well as other serious health and safety violations. By the time DOL had completed their lengthy investigation, the Wage and Hour division recovered over $200,000 in wages withheld from 1,028 foreign stu-dent workers. OSHA cited the company for dozens of unrecorded injuries, all of which occurred over the 6-month pe-riod before OSHA issued the violations, and a penalty of $283,000. About two- thirds of the $283,000 penalty was for unrecorded violations that occurred outside the 6-month statute of limita-tions window this CRA is proposing to codify. In response, the Exel Corporation ac-cepted all the penalties, agreed to pay half the total fine, and instituted a new corporate-wide program to fix their recordkeeping practices which added safety protections for roughly 40,000 workers at over 500 facilities nation-wide. None of those violations and the as-sociated fine would have been allowed if a narrower 6-month statute of limi-tations was in place as this resolution proposes to do. I think it is safe to say that Exel’s new corporate-wide pro-gram that added protections for 40,000 workers in 500 facilities nationwide would not have been implemented ei-ther. Efforts to repeal the OSHA reporting rule and 45 years of OSHA enforcement precedent, without even a hearing or vigorous debate, is reckless and runs contrary to any proworker vision. The change in longstanding OSHA prece-dent was prompted by a DC Circuit Court ruling in the 2012 Volks Con-structors v. Secretary of Labor case. After that decision, OSHA revised its recordkeeping regulation to conform with guidance provided in a concurring opinion. If there is a legal disagree-ment regarding the authority of OSHA to cite employers for continuing viola-tions, we should let the legal process conclude before any congressional or legislative action is taken. The OSHA reporting rule is a fair oc-cupational safety standard, and that is why every administration in the last 45 years, Democratic and Republican, has enforced the requirement this rule clarifies. Opponents of the OSHA reporting rule and supporters of this CRA resolu-tion claim that the OSHA rule would extend the statute of limitations on recordkeeping paperwork violations and that this CRA resolution is nec-essary to protect jobs, eliminate bur-densome regulations and protect small business. None of that is accurate. The OSHA reporting rule does not kill jobs; it creates no new employer obligations that are different from what they were required to uphold for nearly 45 years. And the rule does not cover small businesses. What the rule does do is save employ-ers from killing and maiming workers. It gives OSHA the tools it needs to identify dangerous industries, reckless employers, as well as punish those who break the law at the expense of worker health and safety and businessowners who obey the law. No law-abiding business, which val-ues the safety of its workers and the information used to make the work-place even safer, should be at a com-petitive disadvantage facing a compet-itor that underreports injuries and cuts corners at the expense of workers’ safe-ty. The safety of the American worker and a level playing field for law abiding employers should not be a partisan issue. I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me, work-ing Americans, and the millions of law- abiding businesses that strive to create a safe workplace and oppose this reso-lution. Vote no on H.J. Res. 83. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, last year, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration clarified em-ployers’ continuing duty to keep records of work-related injuries and ill-nesses. Today the congressional major-ity is using the Congressional Review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.022 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1914 March 22, 2017 
Act to both repeal this rule and pre-vent OSHA from doing anything simi-lar. I support the rule and oppose the resolution to repeal it. In 1970, Congress found that work-place injuries and illnesses result in lost production, lost wages, medical ex-penses, and disability compensation payments. In response, Congress en-acted the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to ensure that em-ployers provide workers with safe and healthful workplaces. To carry out the law, Congress di-rected the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations requiring employers to make and maintain accurate records of work-related injuries and illnesses. In the legislative history of the law, the House Committee on Education and Labor found that State reporting re-quirements varied widely and con-cluded that Congress had an ‘‘evident Federal responsibility’’ to provide for ‘‘accurate, uniform reporting stand-ards.’’ The report of the Senate Com-mittee on Labor and Public Welfare found that ‘‘full and accurate informa-tion is a fundamental precondition for meaningful administration of an occu-pational safety and health program.’’ In 1971, OSHA issued its first record-keeping regulations. OSHA revised these regulations in 2001 to make the recordkeeping system easier to use. OSHA’s recordkeeping regulations re-quire employers to keep records of cer-tain injuries and illnesses in the work-place and to make that information available to employees, OSHA, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Employers must record work-related injuries and illnesses resulting in death, loss of con-sciousness, days away from work, re-stricted work activity or job transfer, medical treatment beyond first aid, or a diagnosis of a significant injury or illness by a doctor or other healthcare professional. Accurate injury and illness records give employers information that they need. The records make employers more aware of the kinds of injuries and illnesses that occur and the hazards that contribute to them. That allows employers to identify and correct haz-ardous workplace conditions. Injury and illness records thus help employers to manage workplace safety and health more effectively. Similarly, injury and illness records give workers information that they can use. Workers who are aware of the haz-ards around them are more likely to follow safe work practices and to re-port workplace hazards. That contrib-utes to the overall level of safety and health in the workplace. As the UAW said in its letter oppos-ing the resolution to disapprove of the rule: ‘‘Accurate injury and illness records are critically important for workers and their families. Having the necessary tools to collect complete and accurate data on work-related injuries and illnesses is a key component in re-ducing, mitigating, and eliminating hazards and deaths in the workplace.’’ Injury and illness records give OSHA an important source of information for smart enforcement. The records allow OSHA to focus its inspection on the hazards that the data reveal. The records allow OSHA to help identify the most dangerous types of worksites and the most common safety and health hazards. As the American Public Health Asso-ciation wrote: ‘‘Public health profes-sionals understand the critical impor-tance of accurate information to help identify hazards in order to develop and implement better health and safe-ty protections. One important source of that information is the records some employers are required to keep on work-related injuries and illnesses. These records are invaluable for em-ployers, workers and OSHA to monitor the cause and trends of injuries and ill-nesses. Such data is essential for deter-mining appropriate interventions to prevent other workers from experi-encing the same harm.’’ In 2012, in the case of AKM LLC doing business as Volks Constructors v. Secretary of Labor, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held that the law does not per-mit OSHA to impose a recordkeeping obligation on employers that continues beyond the expiration of the law’s 6- month statute of limitations. While OSHA disagreed with the court’s rul-ing, it agreed that its recordkeeping regulations needed clarification. So OSHA issued its rule amending its rec-ordkeeping regulations to clarify that the duty to make and maintain accu-rate records of work-related injuries and illnesses is an ongoing obligation. OSHA made clear that the duty to record an injury or illness continues, as long as the employer is required to keep records of the recordable injury or illness and does not expire just because the employer failed to create the nec-essary records when it was first re-quired to do so. The new rule adds no new compliance obligations. It does not require employ-ers to make records of any injuries or illnesses for which records are not cur-rently required to be made. The rule clarifies that, if an em-ployer fails to record an injury or ill-ness within 7 days, the obligation to record continues on past the 7th day. If the employer records the injury on some later day, the violation ceases at that point, and OSHA would need to issue any citation within 6 months of the cessation of the violation. Every Presidential administration since 1972 has supported OSHA’s inter-pretation of the law. Repealing the rule would lessen OSHA’s enforcement ability. It would allow employers to get away with sys-tematic underreporting of injuries over many years, and it would decrease worker safety. As the AFL-CIO wrote in its letter opposing the resolution: ‘‘Without the new rule, it will be impossible for OSHA to effectively enforce record-keeping requirements and assure that injury and illness records are complete and accurate. In the absence of enforce-ment, there is no question that the underreporting of injuries, already a widespread problem, will get much worse, undermining safety and health and putting workers in danger.’’ And as National Nurses United wrote: ‘‘By revoking OSHA’s authority to en-force recordkeeping requirements, this Congressional Review Act (CRA) reso-lution denudes the agency of the tools necessary to identify and target pat-terns of workplace hazards....  The elimination of OSHA’s ability to en-force rules on workplace safety records allows—and even incentivizes—employ-ers to obscure ongoing workplace haz-ards.’’ Good decisionmaking relies on good information. OSHA’s regulation helps to ensure that employers keep good records. The pending resolution to re-peal that rule goes in the wrong direc-tion, and thus I oppose the resolution and urge my colleagues to vote against it. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, when President Trump was running for of-fice, he made a lot of promises to the American people. He promised the mid-dle class he would stand up for them. He promised workers he would bring good jobs back to their communities, and he promised to drain the swamp of corporate lobbyists that muck up our democracy with dysfunction. Well, we are just over 2 months into this Presidency, and all we have seen from this administration is a series of broken promises, whether it is Cabinet picks who are billionaires, Wall Street bankers, and corporate CEOs; or his plan to jam through a healthcare bill that the President himself admits will hurt middle- and working-class fami-lies; or his proposed budget, which guts everything from job-training programs to assistance for low-income families who pay their heating bills, to meals on wheels, which provides hot meals to low-income grandparents. It is clear President Trump is standing with his billionaire and corporate lobbyist friends at the expense of the people he promised to stand up and fight for. While we have made many improve-ments in our economy in the last 8 years, we have a lot of work left to do. Too many people in our country today are working multiple jobs trying to support their families and pay their bills, and they are still struggling to make ends meet. That is what we should be talking about today on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.003 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1915 March 22, 2017 
Senate floor—how to build an economy that works for everyone. We should be working together to make sure that people are making a decent wage to support their families, that corpora-tions aren’t getting rich at the expense of their workers, and that hard-work-ing people aren’t risking their lives in dangerous conditions at work. Instead, what we are doing today is that my Republican colleagues, with the backing of President Trump, are trying to roll back a rule that protects workers and prevents work-related deaths and injuries. This rule allows the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA—an agency whose sole purpose is to keep workers safe on the job—to accurately monitor and prevent workplace injuries and fa-talities in our Nation’s most dangerous industries. Dangerous businesses have been re-cording serious workplace injuries and deaths for more than four decades, and this rule simply affirms the policy en-shrined in the OSHA law itself of 1970 that these records have to be accu-rate—a precedent of keeping workers safe and monitoring dangerous work-places. After a recent court case put this im-portant safety practice at risk, OSHA issued this rule to clarify their record-keeping practices. This rule is not new. It does not impose added obligations or costs on employers, and it was actually suggested by the court in its decision. And it does not cover small businesses with 10 employees or fewer. We should be trying to make work-places safer, but in rolling back this rule, President Trump and my Repub-lican colleagues are doing exactly the opposite. This is not something we should be playing politics with. With-out this rule—if it is overturned today by the Senate Republicans—some of the most dangerous industries will then be able to hide worker injuries and keep falsified records of injuries and workplace deaths, and it will make it more difficult for OSHA to punish low-road companies that are putting their workers’ lives in danger. Every year, more than 4,800 workers are killed on the job in America, and 3 million more suffer serious injuries and illnesses. We have found that it is often the same companies that are repeat of-fenders. Without this rule, OSHA can-not sanction employers for keeping fraudulent injury records for multiple years before OSHA walks in the door to conduct an inspection. So many people in this country get up every day and go to work at tough, dangerous jobs to support their fami-lies and drive the economy. Those workers deserve to be able to trust that their employer isn’t knowingly putting their life at risk. Without this rule, corporations and dangerous indus-tries can take advantage of their work-ers, and OSHA will not have the tools it needs to stop it. We should not over-turn this rule. If we do, recordkeeping will become elective. This goes against everything Presi-dent Trump promised to middle- and working-class families on the cam-paign trail. He promised to stand up for them, to bring back good, respectable jobs to their communities. Instead, he wants to allow his billionaire corporate friends to take advantage of workers and threaten their safety, and, unfortu-nately, it appears my Republican col-leagues are now onboard. Instead of doing President Trump’s bidding, I urge my Republican col-leagues to do what President Trump promised and start putting workers first by abandoning this deeply harm-ful effort. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this week the Judiciary Committee has been considering the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by the death of the late Justice Antonin Scalia. I think it has been a remarkable op-portunity for the country—indeed, the world—to see not only somebody who is obviously very intelligent but very articulate and very committed to the basic principles that created this coun-try, which were shaped in the frame-work of the Constitution. Sometimes people forget that judges aren’t legislators and legislators aren’t judges and that we do have separate re-sponsibilities. Indeed, the separation of powers between the President and the legislature and the judiciary is very important and for a good reason. Judge Gorsuch has done a tremen-dous job for the last 2 days handling questions from both sides of the aisle with humility and with clarity. I told him that I had hoped he would consider Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s pro-posal that we have a camera in the Su-preme Court courtroom. Years ago, when I was on the Texas Supreme Court, we decided to have a single camera—which nobody, really, frankly noticed—in order to document and record the proceedings in the Su-preme Court of Texas. It didn’t turn into a sideshow. It wasn’t the O.J. Simpson trial. People didn’t misbehave because they were on camera. But it was a great opportunity for people to see their government and their elected officials in action. Given the performance of Judge Gorsuch over the last couple of days and the benefits that accrue to the country as a result of learning more about his qualifications, his tempera-ment, and his principles when it comes to judging, I hope more people will want to see that. We could all learn from it. That would be good for our country, it would be good for the judiciary, and I think it would be good for America’s standing in the world. We are in a vast minority of countries in the world when it comes to having an inde-pendent judiciary, and that is essential to our form of government and to who we are as Americans. The country has learned a lot about Judge Gorsuch in the last few days. His career has been marked by a dedication to the law. In his decade on the bench interpreting the law, he has developed quite a record. As a matter of fact, he said that he had decided to participate in the decision of about 2,700 cases, and he has been reversed once. I find that remarkable. It is really almost hard to believe. He is clearly no extremist. Some of our Democratic colleagues try to argue that he is not for the little guy but, as he so ably points out, he is for whoever the facts and the law say should win in a case. He doesn’t view it as his role to put his thumb on the scales of justice and to predetermine a case or the outcome before the facts and the law have been applied. In short, he is not a politician. It would be totally inappropriate for a judge, given the fact that they are given life-time tenure and they don’t have to stand for election in front of the peo-ple—it would be entirely inappropriate for the judge to say: If I am confirmed, I will rule on this contentious issue this way or that way. That is not what judges do. That is what politicians do. That is why, when we stand for elec-tion, we go out and campaign and we tell people: This is what I believe in, and if you elect me, this is what I am going to do when I am elected into of-fice. That is entirely appropriate for members of the legislative and execu-tive branch because if the American people don’t like what we are doing, they can fire us in the next election or, conversely and hopefully, if they like what we are doing, they will return us to office. So as the judge pointed out, he said that judges actually would make ‘‘rot-ten legislators,’’ those are his words, not mine, because their job isn’t to write the laws, it is to interpret them. They don’t stand for election. They are not in intimate contact with the con-stituencies we all represent. Impor-tantly, as I said at the outset, he did affirm his strong support of the separa-tion of powers. Again, I think it is real-ly important for everyone to acknowl-edge the different roles performed by different actors in our form of govern-ment. Legislators play one role, execu-tive officers, the Presidents, and Gov-ernors in our State system play an-other role, and then the judiciary plays an entirely different, important but limited, role in our government. One of our colleagues was com-plaining about the judge’s decision in a case and that the so-called little guy lost in the case. Well, the judge said, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.024 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1916 March 22, 2017 
while he didn’t necessarily like the outcome, he felt bound by the facts and the law that Congress had actually passed to render a judgment as he did in that case. I pointed out, were it oth-erwise—were the judge untethered to any sort of deference to precedent, that he would basically be a loose cannon and making political decisions or de-ciding what the outcome would be be-fore he worked through the facts and laws to determine what the appropriate outcomes should be. I pointed out, and the judge confirmed, that if in inter-preting a statute, which the court did in that case, if Congress doesn’t like the outcome, then it is within Congress’s power to change the law, to change the statute which would man-date a different outcome in a future case. He pointed out, appropriately, that the role of the judiciary is for neutral and independent judges to apply the law in the people’s disputes. So he is aware of the limits and the important role of the judiciary in our form of gov-ernment. He also made clear his judi-cial philosophy is based on nothing more and nothing less than a faithful interpretation of the text of our Con-stitution and laws. Now, sometimes you hear people talking about, well, we have a living Constitution. To me, that suggests there is something wrong with applying the text of our existing Con-stitution, which was passed through constitutional amendment or origi-nally when the Constitution was rati-fied by the States. It kind of raises an interesting ques-tion. If a judge isn’t bound by the text of the Constitution or of a statute, what can he use? Does he use his own value judgments? Does he use his own policy preferences? Does he use his po-litical agenda in order to do his or her job? Obviously, I hope we would all agree that would be inappropriate. Judge Gorsuch has also talked about the role of judicial courage, meaning following the law and the facts wher-ever they may lead, even though the judge, as a personal matter, may not agree with that or that may not be his personal preference. I know it sounds hard for those of us living in a political world, but actually judges do every day put their personal policy preferences aside and decide cases on the facts and the law. I believe it would be wrong of them and I believe a violation of their oath of office for them to do otherwise. What happens when there is a nominee like this who is so outstanding, so ar-ticulate, and so principled? Some of our colleagues across the aisle said: We are going to ask him some hypo-thetical questions. We are going to smoke him out and see if he will take the bait and prejudge some of these cases on controversial areas that will come before his Court or some other court. The judge—and I would expect nothing less—said it would compromise the independence of the judiciary and would be unethical for him to prejudge the outcome of some future case that might come before the Supreme Court. If you can imagine this, how would you feel if in a case before a court, the judge had already made a commitment to the outcome and you ended up on the short end of the stick? You wouldn’t feel that was justice at all. You wouldn’t feel that was fair at all. That is what the judge was doing in de-clining to head down that path to pre-judge cases. In doing so, he followed the example of a number of previous nominees, people such as Justice Gins-burg and Justice Kagan, both nomi-nated by Democratic Presidents. Know-ing he can’t answer, our colleagues have claimed they have no clue how Judge Gorsuch would perform his job and have used that as a pretext to op-pose someone who is eminently quali-fied, but Judge Gorsuch has given them all they need. They have all the infor-mation they need in order to make an informed decision. He pledged to hear all sides of the case, to look at the merits, based on the law in question, and then and only then to come up with an unbiased and fair, impartial decision. Can he do it? Well, the best evidence of ‘‘can he do it’’ is ‘‘has he done it’’ and the answer to that is yes. He has a decade of time on the bench, with hun-dreds of decisions, filled with millions of words, done in exactly the way he said he would do, to decide cases, based on the merits, in an unbiased and inde-pendent fashion. So we have his record to judge him by, and his record is impeccable, which is the reason some of the critics have to go down this path of asking him hy-pothetical questions he can’t ethically answer or otherwise claiming to be in the dark about his qualifications, tem-perament, and philosophy of judging. It should come as no surprise that lawyers and academics and judges all across the political spectrum have spo-ken out in favor of the confirmation of Judge Gorsuch, agreeing that he is an independent jurist, with integrity and the right temperament, intellect, and experience to serve on the Supreme Court. He was introduced to the committee by both of his home State Senators, the junior Senator, a Republican, and the senior Senator, a Democrat, who called Judge Gorsuch a man with ‘‘a distinguished record of public service’’ and ‘‘outstanding integrity and intel-lect.’’ I couldn’t agree more. Neal Katyal, a Solicitor General under President Obama, also spoke glowingly of Judge Gorsuch and pro-vided a strong endorsement of his qualifications to serve on the bench. He was one of the first on the other side of the aisle to urge the Senate confirma-tion of Judge Gorsuch, citing his inde-pendence, his integrity, and his superb qualifications. The bipartisan recogni-tion of Judge Gorsuch’s fitness for this high office is nothing new because a decade ago, 10 years ago, he was con-firmed by the U.S. Senate by voice vote, essentially unanimously. Not one Member of the Senate opposed his con-firmation, and the truth is, nothing has really changed since then. So you would think that if some of our col-leagues across the aisle thought he was good enough to be confirmed as a cir-cuit judge to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, that they could have some-thing they could point to if they were inclined to vote no, something that happened within the intervening 10 years, but I have to tell you, there is not much there for them, if anything. In fact, his opinions have rarely elic-ited dissent, and he has a rare record of reversal which I think is remarkable. In truth, he is a great jurist, and that is clear by the evolving reasons coming from our friends on the other side of the aisle as to why they had some con-cern. First, we heard some Senate Democrats would fight a nominee who isn’t in the mainstream. Well, Judge Gorsuch passed that test with flying colors so they moved on. Next, they said they would oppose him because of his refusal to answer questions about issues that would come before the Court. As I said, not only do the ethics rules prohibit him from doing that, but the tradition set by Justices Ginsburg and Kagan rightfully dictated that he refuse to do so during the hearing. Now we hear from our Democratic col-leagues that his vote must be delayed because of an ongoing FBI investiga-tion that is completely unrelated to him. I think that is just an indication of how desperate they are to come up with a reason, any reason, to oppose this judge’s confirmation. Watching Judge Gorsuch this week, it is clear our Democratic friends are finding it hard to come up with a rea-son to oppose his nomination. Indeed, they are struggling to do so, and they are desperate for an excuse to oppose him, but they are not going to find a good excuse or a good reason. I hope our colleagues will help us confirm this good man, this good judge for this office. I know our politics, when it comes to judicial confirmation, have become very contentious, but it wasn’t always that way. Back when President Clinton was in office, before President Bush 43, judges were con-firmed routinely by an up-or-down vote of the majority of the U.S. Senate. In-deed, Justice Scalia, whose seat will be filled by Judge Gorsuch, was confirmed overwhelmingly. I think it was by 97 votes, if I am not mistaken. Justice Ginsberg, somebody from the opposite end of the ideological spectrum, was confirmed with 96 votes or thereabouts. So I hope it is a time we can get back to the traditions of the past, which means not filibustering mainstream nominees, as some of our colleagues across the aisle have threatened to do even before the hearing began. I would ask them this. If you can’t vote for somebody like Judge Gorsuch, you are not going to be able to vote for any nominee from a Republican Presi-dent because there simply isn’t any-body better qualified by virtue of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.026 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1917 March 22, 2017 
experience, his education, his training, and his temperament for this job. I hope they will reconsider. I am happy to support his confirma-tion and urge all my colleagues to do so as well. If they can’t vote for his confirmation, at least allow us to have an up-or-down vote, without setting the bar at 60 votes, but making it a majority vote in the U.S. Senate, which has been the tradition in this body for many, many, many years, ex-cepting the last 8 years during the George W. Bush administration. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRUMPCARE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, the House is still on schedule to vote to-morrow on a reform of one-sixth of the American economy that the American public has not seen. This is, frankly, unprecedented—this rush job, this at-tempt to jam through a massive re-write of the American healthcare sys-tem, intentionally done so fast that the American public cannot keep up with what is a truly disastrous piece of legislation. It is a train wreck. It is a dumpster fire. I cannot come up with enough words to describe how bad this legislation is going to be for the Amer-ican public. Bill Kristol, who is an icon of the conservative movement and who has been arguing for the repeal and re-placement of the Affordable Care Act since it was passed, tweeted out this: 
This healthcare bill does not, A, lower costs; B, improve insurance; C, increase lib-erty; D, make healthcare better. So what is the point? 
Frankly, many Americans, many healthcare professionals, and many consumers are asking the same ques-tion: What problem does this bill solve? Whatever you want to call it—the American Health Care Act, TrumpCare, RyanCare—what problem does this bill solve other than a political problem? Clearly, Republicans have a political problem. They have promised, for the last 6 years, to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Now they have control of the White House, the House, and the Sen-ate, and they feel pressured to make good on that promise. It does solve a political problem for the Republicans. The passage of this bill in the House or the Senate would allow my Republican friends to say: We told you we were going to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and—doggone it— we did it. But it does not solve any other problem in the American healthcare system. It makes the exist-ing, remaining problems even worse. The Republicans know this because, for 6 years, we have heard criticism—re-lentless criticism—that the Affordable Care Act was rammed through the process, that it was passed without Members’ knowing what was in it, that it was shoved down the throats of the American people. Well, imagine our surprise when the replacement to the Affordable Care Act is being pushed through at absolutely light speed com-pared to the passage of the Affordable Care Act. So we look at what happened when the Affordable Care Act was passed, and the HELP Committee that I sit on, the Finance Committee in the Senate, the Energy and Commerce Committee, and the Ways and Means Committee held dozens of hearings—dozens of com-mittee meetings. The Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee in the Senate alone debated hundreds of amendments and accepted 130 Re-publican amendments to the Affordable Care Act. This time around, the HELP Com-mittee isn’t even going to have a meet-ing on the replacement. The commit-tees in the Senate aren’t going to have anything to do with this bill. The sub-stitute language that Speaker RYAN has filed likely will not even get a CBO analysis before it is jammed through the House tomorrow. Why is that? Be-cause Republicans are so fearful that the American public will have the time to take a look at this and realize what it is. I don’t often say that Bill Kristol is right, but he is right when he says that this bill doesn’t lower costs, it doesn’t improve insurance, increase liberty, or make healthcare better, so what is the point? Here are three really simple ways to understand this bill. This bill is all about higher costs for consumers, all about less care for Americans, all in order to finance tax cuts for the rich. These are the three prongs of TrumpCare: higher costs, less care, and tax cuts for the rich. You don’t have to spend a lot of time deep inside this bill to figure out what it is all about. So costs go up, CBO says 15 to 20 per-cent, just in the first couple of years for a number of reasons, but primary amongst them is the fact that the help that you are going to get to afford in-surance just dramatically decreases. For low-income Americans, here it is: You get $1,200 less if you are 27, you get $1,100 less if you are 40, and if you are 60, you get really hosed. If you are 60, good luck affording insurance. Your subsidy goes down by $5,800. It gets even worse than that because this bill allows for the insurance companies to discriminate against older Americans by jacking up the ratios that you can charge older Americans versus younger Americans from 3 to 1 to 5 to 1, so the average low-income, sixtyish-year-old in this country will be paying about $15,000 more out of pocket for healthcare. What problem does that solve? Talk-ing to people in Connecticut, I didn’t hear a lot of my constituents who are in their fifties and sixties say: Let me tell you the problem with the Amer-ican healthcare system. I am paying way too little. I need to be paying—if I could be paying $13,000 more, that would scratch me where I itch. Nobody says that the problem with the healthcare system today is that costs are too low. It is the opposite. Costs are too high. Yet the first prong of TrumpCare: higher costs. That is not me saying it; that is CBO saying it. I will give my colleagues the excep-tion to this because let’s lay all of our cards out on the table. CBO does say that if you are young, healthy, and rel-atively affluent, you might get a lower rate. Let’s be honest about that. So if you are young, healthy, and you are af-fluent, you might get a lower rate. But that is a sliver of the population com-pared to all of the people who are going to be paying higher rates, especially older people and especially low-income people, because the subsidies don’t change if your income goes up, and be-cause of the discrimination made legal in this bill, older people have to pay more. So, basically, another way to think about this in terms of how costs are going up is the more you need healthcare, the less help you get. If you are low-income and you are older, you get less help. If you are younger and higher income, comparatively, you get more help from this bill. Again, that is not attacking a problem that I hear about very often. People who need more help tend to need more help. Here is the second chart. All of this is done in order to give a big tax cut. So here is the amount of tax cuts in this bill for people making $10,000; here is the amount for people making $20,000 to $30,000; here is the amount of the tax cut one gets if you are at $50,000 to $60,000. We see a trend line. It is about the same amount if you are making $10,000 up to about $200,000. The amount of tax cut you get from this bill in that range is zero. But if you are making $200,000 or more, well, here is where the money is, up to the point where people who are making the highest incomes in this country get over $1 million in tax cuts. It repeals some tax provisions in the Affordable Care Act that were used to finance the subsidies, but all of those tax provisions affect the very top in-come level earners. So there is a tax cut in this bill, but it gives you zero if you make less than $200,000 a year. It gives you a lot if you are making more than $200,000 a year. Here is the last chart: less care. Here is what CBO says will happen if the Af-fordable Care Act remains. This is a really important line to look at here because part of the narrative, part of the explanation for this piece of legis-lation is that, in P
AUL RYAN’s words, ObamaCare is in a ‘‘death spiral,’’ and Donald Trump says it is ‘‘collapsing.’’ The Congressional Budget Office— which is run by a man who was hand-picked by the Republican caucus in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.027 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1918 March 22, 2017 
House—the Congressional Budget Of-fice says: No, actually, it is not col-lapsing; it is not in a death spiral. If we do nothing and allow the Affordable Care Act to remain—yes, over 10 years, the number of people without insur-ance will go up by a little bit, up to 28 million, but the death spiral happens if you pass TrumpCare. There is a death spiral coming into the American healthcare system. There is a humani-tarian catastrophe that is about to hit us, but it only happens if you choose to pass this piece of legislation that is pending before the House of Represent-atives today. Now, I hear this legislation can’t pass the U.S. Senate because my Re-publican colleagues understand this. So I am not necessarily talking directly to my Republican colleagues here because I trust that they understand the col-lapse of the American healthcare sys-tem that occurs when, in a very short period of time, you create 24 million more uninsured people. But, remember, Donald Trump said during the campaign that no one was going to lose healthcare. Republicans in the House said that everyone who is on healthcare today will get to keep it. CBO says that is not even close to true. In the first 2 years, 14 million people lose care, and eventually those who are uninsured goes to 52 million. The Pre-siding Officer knows this, and my Re-publican colleagues here know this. This 52 million, it is not that they are totally outside of the American healthcare system. If there is an emer-gency, they go to an emergency room, and the emergency room covers their care. That is the most inhumane way to run a healthcare system, to wait until you are so sick, so ill, that your cancer has ravaged your body so badly, you have to show up in the emergency room, but they will get that care— often the most expensive care—and we will all pay for it. Part of the reason that CBO says that rates will go up is because this 52 million gets their care from emergency rooms. The emergency rooms and the hospitals pass that cost along to private insurers, and everybody’s premiums go up. Here is another way to think of this. I know these numbers tend to get a lit-tle hard to digest, a little hard to un-derstand as they get thrown around. Here is what 24 million people losing healthcare looks like. How many peo-ple is 24 million? Twenty-four million is the entire combined population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kan-sas, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, Ne-vada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Da-kota, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wy-oming. This isn’t a minor shift in the number of people who will not have healthcare. This is a seismic change. The entire population of 17 States loses healthcare over the course of 10 years if this bill is passed. By the way, let’s be honest about who these people are. Yes, many of them will be people losing healthcare in the private marketplace. CBO says people who have private insurance will lose it because of this bill, either be-cause their cost-sharing goes up and they can’t afford it or because their employer might not offer it any longer. But a lot of this is in the Medicaid pop-ulation, and you have to make a deci-sion. The Medicaid population is, by and large, poor people, disabled people, elderly Americans, a lot of children, a lot of kids. The Members are going to have to make a decision about whether their conscience will be OK with 24 mil-lion. Most of them are pretty sick and disabled and pretty young—if you are OK with that many people losing cov-erage. So P
AULRYANis right; it is a three- pronged approach. The three prongs are higher costs, less care, in order to fi-nance tax cuts for the rich. It doesn’t solve any problem that exists today in the healthcare system, except for maybe, as I mentioned, that very nar-row issue of young, healthy, affluent Americans. They will probably do a lit-tle bit better here. But everybody else does worse. By the way, here is what CBO says is the reason why those young, affluent healthy Americans do better—because you kick old people off of insurance. The only reason that premiums sta-bilize in years 3 and 4 and 5, according to CBO, is because this bill jettisons millions of older, relatively sicker Americans off of healthcare. So as you just kick old people off healthcare, then it gets a little bit cheaper for the younger people who remain. So even the small percentage of Americans who, from a monetary standpoint, do a little bit better under this bill, they only do better because individuals who really needed care lose it under this approach. This bill is moving really, really fast. It is moving really, really fast. Its im-pact is absolutely stunning. My hope is that it gets stuck somehow, that Sen-ators of goodwill recognize, as Bill Kristol did in his tweet, that this bill doesn’t actually solve any problems. Maybe they recognize that it looks an awful lot like the Affordable Care Act. For the Speaker’s reputation as being a big ideas guy, there are no new ideas in this legislation. It is essentially just the Affordable Care Act dialed down from 10 to 3.5, making healthcare unaffordable for everybody. The sub-sidies are still there; they are just much less. The individual mandate is still there; it just applies it in a dif-ferent, more cruel way. Instead of pay-ing a penalty when you lose coverage, you now pay a penalty when you lose coverage and try to sign up again. It is the same concept; it is just the penalty applied at a different place, and the in-surance requirements are there. So there are no new ideas. If you were ideologically opposed to the Af-fordable Care Act, there is no reason why this solves any of your problems. And from a practical consideration, it raises costs, it doesn’t improve insur-ance, and it kicks a lot of people off healthcare. My final thought is this: I know this issue of healthcare has become prob-ably the most partisan, in part because there are some real important philo-sophical questions at the heart of this debate. I don’t apologize for the fact that I do believe that healthcare should be looked at as a human right. I really think that in this country, we give you access to education; we should give you access to healthcare as well. You are living in the most powerful, most affluent country in the world. You probably shouldn’t die because you are not rich enough to afford access to a doctor. It seems like something we should be able to do for you. So there are some serious ideological differences because I know a lot of my Republican colleagues don’t view it that way. They view healthcare as a commodity much more so than I do. But we have shown the ability to work together on healthcare and on some pretty con-troversial pieces of it. At the end of 2016, just 2 months ago, we passed the 21st Century Cures Act. That wasn’t easy. That was $6 billion of additional spending on medical re-search in this country. It included leg-islation that Senator C
ASSIDY and I wrote—the Mental Health Reform Act—that had some tough reforms on our insurance markets requiring insur-ance companies to cover more mental illness. We had to work through some very tough issues with Senator C
OR-
NYN, who opposed our legislation until we worked out issues he had, and then he became a supporter and champion of it. We had to work through some dif-ficult issues, but we passed a big healthcare bill at the end of 2016, with Republicans and Democrats supporting it. Frankly, in the end, some progres-sive Democrats voted against it and some conservative Republicans voted against it. It wasn’t without con-troversy even until that final vote. But we have shown the ability to be able to work together, so why don’t we do the same thing here? I submit there are still big problems in the healthcare system. The Afford-able Care Act didn’t solve every prob-lem out there, and even some aspects of the Affordable Care Act have to be amended, have to be changed. But let’s work together on ways to keep what is working in the Affordable Care Act and make improvements to the parts that aren’t working as well. Let’s move into territory that we haven’t covered yet, like drug prices, and do something about that. Donald Trump, the President of the United States, gave a speech earlier this week in which he told Americans that if you pass this legislation, drug prices will come ‘‘way, way, way down.’’ That is his quote, that drug prices will come ‘‘way, way, way down.’’ That is not in this bill. TrumpCare doesn’t have anything that controls drug prices. Drug prices are not coming way, way, way down, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.030 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1919 March 22, 2017 
we could work together to try to make sure that happens. We could have a tough conversation about what we are willing to pay when it comes to drugs, whether we are willing to let the rest of the world free ride on the contribu-tion of the United States to global re-search and development. That would be a very important discussion to have. I bet it wouldn’t get all 100 of us, but it would allow for Republicans and Demo-crats to work together. Instead of ramming this bill through this process, through the reconciliation process, which means you can do it without a single Democrat supporting it, let’s sit together and try to work out a bipartisan approach to improving our healthcare system. I know why Speaker R
YANis pushing this bill through so fast. He knows it doesn’t solve any problems that exist in the American healthcare system. He knows that the only problem it solves is a political problem—a political prob-lem created by the promise that Re-publicans and this President made to repeal the Affordable Care Act. But be-cause they are doing it so fast, so ham- handedly, the replacement is going to result in disaster for Americans. That is not me saying that. That is the Con-gressional Budget Office. That is Bill Kristol. That is Republicans and Demo-crats all across the country. Whatever happens tomorrow in the House of Representatives, the Senate will have a chance to be the adults in this conversation. Senate Republicans will have a chance to take a big step back and start over, and they can start over in a partisan way, or they can start over by reaching out to Demo-crats and saying: Let’s try to work this out together. We may not get to that point where we have a bipartisan agreement, but, boy, it would be nice if my Senate Republican colleagues would at least try because if they don’t, then P
AULRYAN is right—there will be three prongs to what will be called TrumpCare, if it isn’t already: higher costs for consumers, less care for Americans, all in order to finance a giant tax cut for the rich. This isn’t what the American people thought they were getting, and we have a chance in the Senate to do so much better. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH BUDGET AND  
PHARMACEUTICAL PRICES  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last Thursday was a sunny, cold day in Chi-cago, but I looked forward to it because there was an event that I wouldn’t miss. We have a hospital there known as the Rehab Institute of Chicago. It is one of my favorites, and we have some great hospitals. The Rehab Institute of Chicago literally focuses on people who have had serious accidents, strokes, in-juries and who are trying to get reha-bilitated so they can function and walk. I really got to know this hospital years ago when I had a town meeting in Chicago and talked about our re-turning veterans from Iraq and Afghan-istan. Many of them were coming home with serious injuries from roadside bombs and the types of injuries that can change your life. A man came up to me, and his name was Ed Edmundson. He was from North Carolina. I was kind of surprised that he was at a Chicago town meeting. He explained to me that he heard about the town meeting because he had a son named Eric who was a disabled veteran and was at the Rehab Institute of Chi-cago. It turns out that Eric was seri-ously wounded by a roadside bomb in Iraq, and during the course of the sur-gery afterward, there was an accident. The net result of it was that he had very limited mobility and he could no longer speak. Eric, if I remember, was about 23 years old. He was married and the fa-ther of a little girl. Well, the VA did the best for him, and they finally came to his mom and dad and said: We can’t do anything more. We need you to pick out a motorized wheelchair for Eric be-cause he needs to be in a nursing home. His father said: He is 23 years old. He is not going to a nursing home. We are not quitting. His dad then set out to find the best hospital in the United States and came to the conclusion that the Rehab Institute of Chicago was the place. So he came to invite me to come up and meet Eric at the hospital, which I did a couple of days later. Eric was there with his mom and dad, and he started the rehab. I went back to see him a week or so later to see how he was doing. His mom said, as I came into the room: Eric has a gift for you. I thought: A gift for me? The gift was that Eric, with a little help, was able to stand on his own feet. It was a breakthrough. Some people had said it would never happen again. His dad said to me that Eric planned on Memorial Day to put on his full dress uniform from the Army and walk out of the front door of that hospital with a little help and show folks that they shouldn’t have given up on him. They asked me if I could be there. I said: I will move Heaven and Earth; I will be there. I wasn’t the only one. There were a lot of people there—the mayor, elected officials, and every TV camera in Chicago—as Eric Edmundson walked out of the front door of the Rehab Institute in Chicago. You never forget those moments, do you? Here is a young man who risked his life for America, came back gravely injured, and through his father and mother’s determination—and his own strength—he found the best place for treatment. This rehab institute does research to find ways that give people who have spinal injuries and other in-juries another chance. Well, last Thursday they opened up the new Rehab Institute of Chicago, and it is renamed. It is the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab. It is not a hospital. They call it an AbilityLab, and the rea-son is that they try to integrate re-search with actual doctors, clinicians, and patients all in the same place—not separate universities and hospitals and so forth. It is a bold idea. It is a new concept, but if anybody can pull it off, it is Dr. Joanne Smith, who heads up now the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab. Do you know what I learned as I got out of the car to give the speech and to cut the ribbon at this new research fa-cility? I learned that the President of the United States, Donald Trump, had just announced his new budget. Do you know what was included in his new budget? A new spending line for the National Institutes of Health. That agency is the premier medical research agency in the world, and we are lucky to have it right here in the United States. We are lucky that Congress has given more money to NIH for bio-medical research last year. Senator BLUNT , a Republican of Missouri, who heads up the subcommittee with Sen-ator M
URRAY of Washington, planned on giving more this year, and we are still trying. Do you know what President Trump suggested for next year’s budget for the National Institutes of Health? He sug-gested cutting their appropriation by $5.8 billion. It is a $32 billion appropria-tion. Cutting it by $5.8 billion will bring the level of biomedical research in the United States of America down to the lowest point it has been in 16 years. That is President Trump’s idea of a priority—the most dramatic cut in biomedical research in the last 16 years. I announced it when I did the ribbon- cutting speech. First, I thanked all the folks at the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab, Dr. Smith, and Shirley and Pat Ryan. I told them if there is ever a time both political parties ought to come to-gether and tell this President that you are just flat-out wrong, this is it. This is it because the medical research that is taking place in the National Insti-tutes of Health is not just for those who are sick today but for those who may be diagnosed later today or tomor-row. You know what the most frequently asked questions will be when you get that heartbreaking diagnosis? Doctor, is there anything you can do for me? Is there a medicine? Is there a procedure? Basically, is there any hope? If the NIH, or the National Institutes of Health, isn’t properly funded and isn’t doing its job, that answer is not always going to be a good one. Young medical researchers don’t get rich, but they love what they do. To keep them on the job doing what they should do with all of their talent and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.031 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1920 March 22, 2017 
all of their skill and all of their edu-cation, we have to promise them that we are going to continue to fund med-ical research in a serious way, without the peaks and valleys. President Donald Trump does not un-derstand that. Mick Mulvaney, head of the Office of Management and Budget, who came up with this terrible budget, doesn’t understand that. To them, they are just numbers on a page. We will just cut biomedical research to the lowest level in 16 years. A few minutes ago I had a visit from some folks from Chicago, IL. They were with the National Multiple Scle-rosis Society. They come to see me each year. You will see them around the halls wearing their orange ties and orange scarves. They came to talk about multiple sclerosis, which for many of my close friends is a disabling disease they fight every day. It is a dis-ease of the central nervous system. It interrupts the flow of information within the brain and between the brain and the body. Symptoms range from numbness to tingling, to blindness and paralysis. The progress, severity, and specific symptoms of MS of any one person can’t be predicted. The good news is that we are engaged in research that can make a difference, research that gives us hope. They talked to me about Donald Trump’s cuts to the National Institutes of Health. I told them I was going to do everything in my power to restore that money so that the research continues. Incidentally, there is another issue. It isn’t just fighting the disease and doing the research. It is what is hap-pening to the cost of the drugs that these people need to maintain their lives and that give them hope. In 2004 the average wholesale price of avail-able MS disease-modifying therapies was $16,000. By 2013, the average price had gone up to $61,000. In 2017, the aver-age price is up to $83,600. All of the top 10 specialty medication classes, which include MS, increased in spending, and all had increases in the price of medi-cation. Some of these drugs have been on the market for years, and now the pharmaceutical industry is driving the costs up across the board. When we talk about healthcare in America, it is interesting how little time we spend talking about the cost of pharmaceuticals. But how wrong we are. When the head of Blue Cross in Chicago came to see me, she said: Sen-ator, I will bet you didn’t know last year Blue Cross Blue Shield spent more money in their hospitalization plans for pharmaceuticals and medications than they spent for inpatient hospital care for those who were covered—more money on drugs than inpatient hos-pital care. So what did the Affordable Care Act, which is being debated, do about the price of pharmaceuticals? Almost noth-ing. What does the new Republican re-placement plan do about the cost of pharmaceuticals? Almost nothing. Why? Why is there this hands-off atti-tude when it comes to an integral part of the cost of healthcare and an inte-gral factor in the dramatic increases in the cost of healthcare? Because pharma has friends in high places. Watch your television sets. There are two things to watch for, if you still watch television. The first thing is to watch for all the drugs that are adver-tised on television. Do you know how many countries in the world allow drugs to be advertised on television? Two. And one of them is the United States. You see all these drugs being adver-tised that are going to allow you to be liberated, freed, and cured, and this and that and the other thing. Then, they run through all the disclaimers. This is the one I like the best: Be sure and tell your doctor if you have had a liver transplant: Oh, Doc, did I fail to mention I had a liver transplant? That is the kind of thing they put on television. Why does a pharmaceutical company spend all that money adver-tising on television? They make money off of it. Here is how. Americans walk into their doctor’s office and say: I just saw this ad for this drug, and I think it is exactly what I need. Too many doctors, instead of taking 10 minutes to explain why it isn’t the drug you need, take 1 minute to write out the script. So ex-pensive drugs make it on the market and justify the advertising on tele-vision. That is one of the grim realities of what we are facing. When it comes to the drugs and their pricing, we know what is happening. They are running up the costs of drugs on individuals, and they can’t afford it any more. I just met with some of these MS patients, and one of them told me she had gone now for weeks without medication because, she said: Senator, it is $6,000 I just don’t have. Well, we can do better than that. We should do better than that as a nation. We ought to make certain that we don’t get swept away with the pharma-ceutical companies and their adver-tising. Those are the other things you are going to see on television now. They are really beautifully done ads. They are talking about all of us want-ing to survive and how the pharma-ceutical industries are finding, through their research, good drugs to help us survive. I don’t quarrel with that premise. That is right, but it turns out many of them are spending more money on advertising than they are on research. So this is big business. It is big profits. They are trying to protect them. It is driving up the cost of healthcare. People like my friends with multiple sclerosis are wondering how this will end and whether they will be able to pay for the treatment they des-perately need. If this means anything to those who are listening to this debate, if it means something to you or your family, you need to speak up—Democrat, Repub-lican, Independent, Trump voter or not—you need to let this administra-tion and this Congress know that med-ical research is a priority to you. If it is not, hold on tight because Donald Trump’s budget is about to rip the heart out of the National Institutes of Health. Whatever his ambition, whatever his goals, whatever his tweets, I could care less. When it comes to medical re-search, he is in for a fight. 
TRUMPCARE  
Mr. President, the Republicans prom-ised, if they took a majority, the first thing they would do is get rid of ObamaCare. He is gone. It has to be gone too. Fifty-seven times—maybe more—in the House of Representatives, they voted to abolish ObamaCare. It didn’t mean anything. He was still President then. He was going to veto whatever they passed, but they did it over and over and over. It was an arti-cle of faith, and they beat their chests and went across America saying: Get rid of ObamaCare. Then the dog caught the bus. They got the majority in the House and the Senate, and all of those threats and promises about ObamaCare became re-ality. Then something else happened. People started saying to the Repub-lican majority: And then what? What are you going to replace it with? Well, it turns out for 6 years they have been writing speeches about abol-ishing ObamaCare instead of for 6 years writing plans and bills to replace it. So they slapped together a replacement plan, sent it over—I say that because it only took them a couple of weeks. They sent it over to the Congressional Budget Office, which is kind of like the umpire here, the referee, to take a look at it. The Congressional Budget Office gave a report on the Republican replace-ment plan for the Affordable Care Act. This is what it said: Under TrumpCare—ObamaCare to TrumpCare—under TrumpCare, 24 mil-lion Americans will lose their health insurance; 14 million in the first year— 24 million Americans out of a nation of what, 350 million, 360 million. That is a pretty large group. We know what happens when people lose their health insurance. They still get sick. When they get sick, they go to the emergency room when it is too bad, and the emergency room takes care of them. Then the hospital, be-cause the person does not have health insurance, chalks up the cost of that health to charity care and passes it along to everyone else with health in-surance. Under TrumpCare, seniors, rural communities, and lower and middle-in-come families will see their premiums and out-of-pocket costs soar, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Under TrumpCare, Medicare’s solvency will shrink by 4 years. Medicare, you remember, is the program primarily for seniors started back in the 1960s to make sure that when you got to a point in life, age 65, you may not be working, no longer have insurance through your 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.033 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1921 March 22, 2017 
employer, the government Medicare plan would cover you. Has it worked? Ask 60 million Ameri-cans who count on it. Yes. What about the results? Since the 1960s, people are living longer. We know Medicare works, but the cost of healthcare has been going up, and we worried about its long-term solvency. It turns out the Affordable Care Act, which we passed, brought some savings to healthcare and added 10 years of solvency to Medi-care. Now, the Republicans want to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and it will re-duce the solvency of Medicare by 4 years—4 years sooner Medicare will go insolvent. The fiscally conservative Republican Party has come up with an answer, which leads to sooner insol-vency for Medicare. Under TrumpCare, $880 billion in Federal Medicaid fund-ing to States will be eliminated. What does it mean? Well, let me tell you the story of Judy. Judy works at a motel in Southern Illinois. She is in her sixties. She is a hard-working lady. There is not a lazy bone in her body. She works in the hos-pitality room where you get the free breakfast at the motel. She is the one who smiles and cleans off the table and makes sure you are happy. I got to know her. Judy asked me about all of this stuff going on with affordable care. I asked her: Would you mind working with my office? Let’s see what we can do for you. It turns out that Judy, as hard as she works, makes a very low income. She qualified for Medicaid, which meant health insurance that did not cost her anything because her income was so low. She couldn’t believe it. For the first time in her life—for the first time in her life she had health insurance— Medicaid—providing her health insur-ance. It was a good thing too because just shortly afterward she was diag-nosed with diabetes. Now comes the proposal from the Republicans to re-move so many people across America from Medicaid. Where does that leave Judy? Back where she started, working hard, with diabetes, a low income, and no health insurance. Terrible things can happen to you if you have diabetes and don’t have some medical home or a doctor you can count on. That is the reality of what TrumpCare will mean to Judy in Southern Illinois. One trillion dollars will be cut from programs that serve low- and middle-class families so the Republican approach can cut taxes for the wealthiest people in America. I am not making that up. They are raising the premiums for working families to pay. They are cut-ting off seniors and others from Med-icaid coverage so they can give tax breaks to the wealthiest superrich in America. It is going to cost us healthcare jobs across America. Downstate Illinois, those are good-pay-ing jobs. The Illinois Hospital Associa-tion says we are going to lose them. This Republican bill, TrumpCare, is bad for seniors, bad for middle-class families, bad for people with disabil-ities. It is not very good for kids. Half of the kids in America are born under and taken care of by Medicaid. It is bad for the States, bad for just about ev-eryone who is not healthy or wealthy. Yet the House Republican leadership is intent on moving forward with TrumpCare this week. The President came to the House Re-publicans yesterday and said: If you don’t support me on this vote, I am coming after your districts to defeat you. This approach is going to increase premiums for seniors in one of the most fundamental ways. We said in our bill that we voted for that you could not have a disparity in premiums more than 3 to 1. So the premiums charged to a 20-year-old and the premiums charged to a 60-year-old could be no different than a 3-to-1 margin. The Re-publicans changed that and made it 5 to 1. That is why the American Associa-tion of Retired Persons opposes TrumpCare and why seniors across the country are waking up to the reality that they are in for a jolt when it comes to the premiums they have to pay. Senator S
USAN COLLINS of Maine, a Republican, has said: ‘‘This is not a bill I could support in its current form . . . it really misses the mark.’’ As Senator C
OLLINS noted, this bill does not come close to achieving the goal of allowing low-income seniors to purchase health insurance. Senator B
ILLCASSIDY , a Republican from Louisiana, said: 
The CBO score was, shall we say, an eye- popper. . . . Can’t sugarcoat it. . . . Doesn’t look good. 
Senator and Dr. C ASSIDY , Republican from Louisiana, said that. He went on to say: 
That’s not what President Trump prom-ised. . . . That’s not what the Republicans ran on. 
Senator T OMCOTTON , Republican of Arkansas, said: 
I’m afraid that if [House Republicans] vote for this bill, they’re going to put the House majority at risk next year. . . . Just from a practical standpoint, I don’t think this bill is going to reduce premiums for working Amer-icans. . . . I think it’s going to cost coverage for many Americans. 
Why do we want to rush this process? It took us more than 2 years to write a bill, and it is still a bill that needs more work. I voted for it. To think that they can replace it in a matter of weeks, with this slap-dash approach, is not fair to America. It is not fair to people who count on health insurance for peace of mind and coverage when they desperately need it. I see my friend on the floor. I am going to close. I released a report today, and it is one I am going to share across the board in Illinois before our delegation votes this week. This bill in Illinois means that 311,000 people I rep-resent would lose their private health insurance. By 2020, the average enrollee in Illinois would see their health insur-ance costs increase by over $3,000—by 2026, almost $5,000. The impact is particularly severe for Illinoisans ages 55 to 64. They would see their costs of premiums increase by over 50 percent. Illinois hospitals, they are against it too. They know that a lot of downstate hospitals and inner- city hospitals can’t survive this Repub-lican replacement plan. I will close with a letter from Chris-tine McTaggart of Watseka, IL. Here is what she said to me: ‘‘I wake up every day since the election fearing that a complete repeal will happen and for me that translates into a death sentence.’’ Christine was originally diagnosed with stage IIIb inflammatory breast cancer in September of 2012. Given this type of aggressive cancer, her prog-nosis was poor. She went through 16 cy-cles—16—of chemotherapy, a bilateral mastectomy, 33 radiation treatments, failed reconstruction and chronic tis-sue issues, and thyroid cancer as well. After all of that, in 2014, she learned her breast cancer was back. This time in her bones, stage IV. In her letter to me, Christine McTaggart of Watseka wrote: When the Affordable Care Act became law, I had no idea my life would come to depend on policies such as pre-existing conditions not excluding you from coverage . . . and lifetime maximums being eliminated. If ACA were repealed, I would no longer have cov-erage as my chronic ongoing treatment has far exceeded the old lifetime maximums. . . . I would have to choose between bankruptcy for treatments I cannot afford and rolling the dice, waiting for death. 
She ends with this: 
I thank you for your tireless advocacy on this issue. . . . My life literally depends on it. 
What we need to do is take repeal off the table, and this Senator will pull a chair up to the table. Let’s make the Affordable Care Act work. Let’s do it in a bipartisan way. Let’s not look for a slam dunk for either political party. Let’s try to do the right thing for America. We are not going to make the extremes in either political party happy, but if millions of Americans have health insurance and can find a way to pay for it, then we will do our job. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Lou-isiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 4:50 p.m. the remaining time on H.J. Res. 83 be yielded back and the joint resolution be read a third time and the Senate vote on the resolution with no inter-viewing action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, on the day of the news reporting the World Meteorological Organization is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.035 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1922 March 22, 2017 
declaring that 2016 was the hottest year ever recorded, and further declar-ing that the planet is now in what they call, ‘‘truly uncharted territory,’’ I rise for my 161st ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, in this case to update my col-leagues on the state of our oceans. I am from the Ocean State. In Janu-ary, the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration released a re-port with the U.S. Geologic Survey, the Environmental Protection Agency, re-searchers at Rutgers University, Co-lumbia University, and the South Flor-ida Water Management District. The report updates global sea level rise estimates—perhaps not a big issue for Colorado but a big issue for Rhode Island. It made region-specific assess-ments for our American coastline. Based on updated peer-reviewed sci-entific literature, the report raised the previous upper range, or extreme, sce-nario for average global sea level in the year 2100 by an additional half a meter. NOAA and its partners then tailored their findings to the U.S. coastline based on regional variations in ocean circulation and gravitational pull and local land conditions like erosion, sub-sidence, and groundwater depletion, all of which affect the local impacts of global sea level rise. They found that under the higher scenarios, all regions in the United States, except Alaska, can expect sea level rise higher than the global mean average. The news was particularly harsh for the western Gulf of Mexico and for the northeast Atlan-tic coast—Virginia through Maine, in-cluding my home State of Rhode Is-land. Our coastal managers, like Rhode Is-land’s Coastal Resources Management Council—the CRMC, we call them—are taking these new estimates seriously and incorporating the high scenario into their planning. Under the new sce-nario, the Northeast is expected to see 9 vertical feet of sea level rise by the end of the century. That means that a child born today in Providence, RI, at Women & Infants Hospital is likely to live long enough to see this 9-foot vertical sea level rise take place along our shores. By the way, when you go up 9 feet, the shore goes back many, many hun-dreds of feet in many places. In Rhode Island, what CRMC is now planning for is between 9 and 12 vertical feet of sea level rise for our State. That is going to hit Rhode Island communities pret-ty hard. Rhode Island’s CRMC and our Univer-sity of Rhode Island have developed to-gether something called STORMTOOLS. It is an online research tool that projects the effects of this sea level rise and additional storm surge onto the State’s coastal properties. The tool actually now needs to be up-dated because it currently maxes out at 7 feet of sea level rise, which was the previous high scenario. Now that we have raised it to 9 to 12 feet, they are going to have to go back and redo it. This is what it looks like based on the 7-foot max. Here is 7 feet of sea level rise in Newport, RI. This is the harbor. This is downtown Newport. America’s Cup Avenue, which runs right through there, will be taken out. Through this area are a lot of very suc-cessful businesses that appeal to the people who come to visit historic New-port, RI. Through here, we have some of the most significant working wharves still in the Newport area. Then this area here, called The Point, is a historic section that goes back into the 18th and in some cases 17th centuries. These buildings, of course, will be flooded. There is the downtown Newport fire station in the middle of that as well, so it affects our safety infrastructure. This is further up the bay in Rhode Island. This is Barrington here. This is the town of Warren. As you can see in the blue, there are a lot of places where homes and businesses go underwater just under the 7-foot scenario. Some of the stuff that goes underwater is pret-ty critical. Here in this bluish part is the Warren wastewater treatment plant. You can’t have a wastewater treatment plant that is under water, so that is a very significant investment for Warren to have to face. I went to the Warren Town Hall not too long ago to meet with the manager and the folks who work there to hear from them about what they needed in order to accommodate this new risk. Remember that the sea level rise that we are looking at here is just the floor that high tides and storms ride in on. In this simplified illustration, we can see a coastal city with sea level rise encroaching on its infrastructure. Then we add to that the king tides. When celestial bodies line up so the tides are stronger than usual and, therefore, higher than usual, they are called king tides. That is not a sci-entific term, but it is the lay term for them. These king tides already push water into the streets of Miami and over the tops of the wharves of Boston on clear, sunny days—just from the tide. If you add on top of that a strong coastal storm, our city here does not stand a chance. Homes are destroyed, busi-nesses are ruined, damages reach the billions, and lives perhaps are lost. America’s coastal communities are not prepared for the future. Part of that is because so many people are de-nying the prospect of this future, but also we haven’t caught up. Federal Emergency Management Agency flood maps are the things that guide flood insurance for most coastal property owners. FEMA’s estimates, however, fall alarmingly short, we have discovered, for coastal communities like those in Rhode Island, as the FEMA studies rely on outdated data and incomplete models. This means that people along America’s coast who rely on these models can be lulled into a false sense of comfort if their home falls outside one of FEMA’s high risk zones but, in actuality, is in harm’s way. So Rhode Island officials are out right now trying to educate everyone living and working along our State’s coast about the flooding dangers that are fueled by climate change. It is not just State officials. Insur-ance and mortgage companies are starting to take these changes into ac-count. Even the government-backed mortgage giant, Freddie Mac, is gird-ing for broad housing losses from cli-mate-driven flooding. Let me quote them: ‘‘The economic losses and social disruption may happen gradually,’’ Freddie Mac says on its website, ‘‘but they are likely to be greater in total than those experienced in the housing crisis and great recession.’’ Think about that. That is pretty se-rious business, if you are saying that the housing damage and the con-sequent financial harm is going to be greater than the housing crisis and great recession that we just lived through. Some effects of climate change may not even be insurable, Freddie Mac says, and unlike the 2008 housing crash, owners of homes that are literally under water—not just financially under water—would have little expectation of their homes’ values ever recovering and, therefore, little incentive to keep making mortgage payments which would, in turn, add to steeper losses for lenders and for insurers. This is deadly serious economic business. Shoreline counties are just 18 percent of the United States in land area, but they account for around 38 percent of the country’s employment and 43 per-cent of our GDP. Each year, the sea and storms will take a higher toll on the roads, the bridges, the seawalls, the power and wastewater treatment plants, and the military facilities that serve that economically productive shore. Despite all this, President Trump’s proposed ‘‘America First’’ budget blue-print zeros out the Global Climate Change Initiative, ends U.S. contribu-tions to international climate change programs, eliminates EPA programs that conduct climate change research and implement the Clean Power Plan, ends NOAA’s coastal and marine man-agement, research, and education grants and programs, including the sea grant cooperative research program, shifts NASA’s Earth science budget, which includes climate research, out to deep space exploration, and cuts fund-ing for the Department of Energy’s Of-fice of Science. Obviously they don’t like science very much. The President’s proposal—if en-acted—would accelerate the grim fu-ture laid out in NOAA’s sea level rise report and in Rhode Island’s STORMTOOLS projections. As that grim future accelerates, it is actually science that gives us the headlights to perceive the oncoming threats. Cuts to CRMC of as much as 60 percent would cripple the STORMTOOLS project that provides Rhode Island our headlights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.036 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1923 March 22, 2017 
The laws of thermodynamics will still govern the rise of our warming ocean waters. That is not going away. The laws of chemistry will still cause carbon dioxide to acidify seawater. That will not stop. The laws of biology will still affect vital coastal eco-systems and valuable ocean species and transmit the harms of climate change into those areas. The laws of economics mean that this will all have a pretty bleak effect on the prosperity of Americans. All that it gains is that we will just be blinder to what is coming at us. If the President were to forgo just one weekend at Mar-a-Lago, which PO-LITICO and the Washington Post esti-mate costs U.S. taxpayers $2 to $3 mil-lion each weekend, that money from one weekend could fund Rhode Island’s entire sea grant program for a year, helping us guide offshore energy and commercial ocean development, pro-tecting important fishing grounds and the State’s vital fishing industry. That is economic effect in Rhode Island. When the ocean starts lapping on the stairs of Mar-a-Lago, President Trump may be hard-pressed to continue deny-ing what all of our scientific agencies are reporting and predicting. This graphic from the Boston Globe shows at 7 feet of sea level rise what is in store for the President’s posh resort. The NOAA high scenario for that area actually projects for Florida’s Atlantic coast sea level rise just over 8 feet by the end of the century—though this image understates the flooding that is going to take place at Mar-a-Lago in this century. That just shows 7 feet of sea level rise. An added foot of water not shown, plus that king tide problem I discussed, and storm surge—when you have a good wind kicking up, and it blows the surface of the ocean and raises the tide further—will all amplify these effects. Bye-bye, Mar-a-Lago. It is time that we in Congress put fossil fuel interests aside. They have had their way with us quite long enough. It is time for us to start doing what is right by all of the Americans who live and work near the coast and will be facing this predicament in the real world. If the President and this Congress re-main beholden to this shameless, pol-luting industry, we will lose our chance to protect ourselves. It is time that we wake up to the reality of climate change, wake up to the reality of sea level rise, wake up to the reality of ocean acidification, and start to do something about it. We can’t say we weren’t warned. We are just rotten with fossil fuel money and will not listen. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, while the Senator from Rhode Island is still here, I was pleased to join with him in an article published in the New York Times not long ago. We don’t agree on everything, but we do agree on this: Climate change is a serious problem, and it makes no sense to close nuclear power plants while they are safely operating and producing 60 per-cent of our carbon-free electricity in the United States. So I thank him for his partnership on that article in the New York Times. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I appreciate the chairman saying that very much. 
TVA 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today I come to the floor to express my opposition once again to the possibility that the Tennessee Valley Authority— the TVA, as we call it—might raise our electric bills and waste more than $1 billion buying electricity the region does not need by agreeing to purchase power from the Clean Line Energy Partners’ proposed Plains & Eastern wind power transmission project. Congress has a responsibility to con-duct oversight of TVA’s decisions and also to ensure that TVA is fulfilling its missions, as defined by the TVA Act. Although TVA does not receive any Federal funding from Congress, TVA is a Federal corporation, and its board members are nominated by the Presi-dent of the United States and con-firmed by the Senate. The House Transportation and Infra-structure Committee and the Senate Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, the committees responsible for the oversight of TVA, have held hear-ings to discuss TVA’s budget and poli-cies. So as a U.S. Senator, today I am here to exercise my oversight responsibil-ities on TVA. Clean Line Energy Part-ners, a Texas-based company, is pro-posing to build giant, unsightly trans-mission towers from Oklahoma, through Arkansas, to Tennessee— known as the Plains & Eastern Clean Line—to carry comparatively more ex-pensive, less reliable electricity to Tennessee and other Southeastern States. For the first time ever, Federal emi-nent domain will be used over the ob-jection of the State of Arkansas and both of Arkansas’s U.S. Senators to ac-quire the land necessary for the trans-mission line. In order to move forward with the construction of a single 700- mile, high-voltage, direct current transmission line, Clean Line Energy Partners must find utilities in the Southeast that are willing to purchase the power produced by an Oklahoma wind farm and transmitted by the Plains & Eastern Clean Line. For this reason, Clean Line Energy Partners and their supporters have been urging the Tennessee Valley Authority to agree to a long-term power purchase agreement for wind power. In November, shortly after the elec-tion, the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy said: ‘‘We strongly encourage TVA’s Board of Directors to imme-diately contract for at least 1,000 megawatts of wind power on the Plains and Eastern Clean Line.’’ Why the rush, I would ask. The answer is this: Federal subsidies for wind power—sub-sidies that waste billions of dollars of taxpayer money each year—end after 2019. A petition being pushed by the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy urging TVA to purchase the power spells this out. They said: ‘‘Critical deadlines regarding the Federal pro-duction tax credit for wind power are fast approaching. . . . The time to con-tract for low-cost wind power is now.’’ So last December, I wrote to the TVA and said: ‘‘There should not be a rush to approve any proposal from Clean Line Energy Partners. This is a big, ex-pensive decision and should be left to the new board next year.’’ While this decision should be left to a full TVA board when all of its members are confirmed, I don’t know why either a board with three vacancies, which is what we have today, or a complete board with all of its members con-firmed would even consider approving such a deal. A contract with Clean Line Energy Partners could cost TVA rate-payers more than $1 billion over the next 20 to 30 years, the typical length of such an agreement. TVA would be disregarding its mission to provide low- cost power to the region if it were to contract for power the region doesn’t need regardless of the source of the electricity. In recent years, according to TVA, power demand throughout the Ten-nessee Valley has declined. In 2013, TVA began working with its customers to develop a long-term plan to meet the region’s power needs through 2033. In 2015, when TVA com-pleted its Integrated Resource Plan, that plan concluded—this is TVA talk-ing—that ‘‘there is no immediate need for new base load plants after Watts Bar Nuclear Unit 2 comes online and upgrades are completed at Browns Ferry Nuclear Plant.’’ As a result of this conclusion, because TVA did not need power, TVA decided last year to sell the unfinished Bellefonte nuclear power plant. For the foreseeable future, TVA has said it doesn’t need any new baseload power and doesn’t plan on any major new capital construction projects. This is good news for ratepayers because it means TVA can reduce debt and keep electric rates low. So why would TVA announce that it doesn’t need new power for the next 15 years, sell a nu-clear power plant capable of producing reliable baseload power for the next 60 years, and then turn around and buy unreliable wind power that might only be available for 20 or 30 years until the turbines break down? TVA is, generally speaking, on a very good path. Its leadership has made sound decisions that will benefit rate-payers and our region. To fulfill its mission to provide safe, clean, reliable, and affordable power for the region’s homes and businesses—that is its mis-sion—it has opened the first nuclear power reactor in the 21st century. And I may say, going back to Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s speech, nuclear power is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.041 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1924 March 22, 2017 
emission free—no sulfur, no nitrogen, no mercury, no carbon. Nuclear power produces 60 percent of all of our car-bon-free electricity. TVA is also plac-ing pollution control equipment on all of its coal plants and is completing new natural gas plants. The TVA has done this while reducing its debt and reduc-ing electric rates, which is good news for jobs and economic development in the region. Even if TVA did need more power, which it has said it does not, TVA should not agree to buy more wind power which is comparatively un-reliable and expensive. A look at TVA’s previous experience with wind power illustrates how unreli-able it can be, especially in our region. In 2001, TVA opened its first commer-cial-scale wind project in the South-east. It is generous to say that it has been a failure. This project on Buffalo Mountain near Knoxville has the ca-pacity to generate 27 megawatts of electricity; however, according to TVA, in 2016—last year—the Buffalo Moun-tain wind turbines produced only 4.3 megawatts on average. Capacity is 27 megawatts and generation was 4.3 megawatts—that is just 16 percent of their rated capacity. In other words, these turbines, which cost as much as $40 million to build and must cost mil-lions more over the life of the contract, produce little electricity and little value to TVA’s ratepayers. Wind usually blows at night when consumers are asleep and don’t need as much electricity. Until there is some way to store large amounts of wind power, a utility still needs to operate gas, nuclear, or coal plants when the wind doesn’t blow. For example, take a recent TVA peak summer day. On July 26, 2016, Tennessee Valley homes and businesses consumed 29,512 megawatts of electricity—nearly all of TVA’s ca-pacity of 33,000 megawatts of elec-tricity. Part of TVA’s capacity on that day included contracts for nearly 1,250 megawatts of electricity produced by wind power. However, at the peak de-mand during the day, when power is most urgently needed, those wind tur-bines with a rated capacity of 1,250 megawatts actually delivered only 185 megawatts of electricity. So on a day when the Tennessee Valley needed power the most, wind turbines provided less than 15 percent of their rated ca-pacity and less than 1 percent of the total electricity needed to power our region’s homes and businesses. Not only is wind power unreliable, it can be more expensive than nuclear, which also produces zero emissions, or natural gas, which is low emission. TVA is currently completing a new 900-megawatt natural gas plant for roughly $975 million that will improve air quality in Memphis and be one of the most efficient natural gas plants in the world. Natural gas plants usually operate for at least 30 years and ac-cording to TVA can provide power in as little as 20 minutes to meet peak de-mand during hot summer afternoons and cold winter nights. Last year, TVA opened the country’s first nuclear power reactor in the 21st century, Watts Bar 2, at a cost of $5 billion. Watts Bar 2 will safely provide 1,150 megawatts of power more than 90 percent of the time for the next 40, 60, and possibly even 80 years, all of it emission free, no sulfur, no nitrogen, no mercury, no carbon. The point is, TVA has concluded that it doesn’t need more power for the fore-seeable future; therefore, its board should resist obligating TVA’s rate-payers for any new large power con-tracts, much less contracts for com-paratively expensive and unreliable wind power. Instead, TVA should con-tinue to provide low-cost, reliable power to the region because that boosts economic development through-out the Tennessee Valley. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all remain-ing time for debate on H.J. Res. 83 has been yielded back. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. L
EE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 93 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Isakson Paul 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 83) was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 20, David Friedman to be Ambassador to Israel. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of David Fried-man, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Israel. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Israel. Mitch McConnell, Steve Daines, John Cornyn, Tom Cotton, Bob Corker, John Boozman, John Hoeven, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, John Bar-rasso, Lamar Alexander, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, James M. Inhofe, Mike Rounds, Bill Cassidy, Thom Tillis. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the nomination be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.042 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1925 March 22, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE FEDERAL COM-MUNICATIONS COMMISSION—MO-TION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to S.J. Res. 34. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 16, S.J. Res. 34, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Com-mission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE FEDERAL COM-MUNICATIONS COMMISSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 34) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Pri-vacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise in support of my resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act of the FCC’s broadband privacy restric-tions. As chairman of the Senate Judi-ciary Committee’s Privacy Sub-committee, I have spent more than a year closely examining this issue. In February of 2015 the FCC, under then-Chairman Tom Wheeler, took the unprecedented step of reclassifying broadband providers as ‘‘common car-riers’’ under title II of the Communica-tions Act. In other words, on a 3-to-2 party-line vote, the FCC decided that internet service providers should be treated like telephone companies for regulatory purposes. The decision en-croached on the Federal Trade Com-mission’s jurisdiction to regulate ISP privacy policies, stripping these com-panies of their traditional privacy reg-ulator. Recognizing that his actions to im-pose net neutrality on ISPs created regulatory uncertainty, last spring Chairman Wheeler began to float the idea of implementing new FCC privacy rules. The FCC decided, again on a 3-to- 2 party-line vote, to move forward with the rule change just before election day. The whole process was unsettling, to say the least. The FCC ultimately decided to com-mandeer an area of regulatory author-ity for itself, without any meaningful check on this unilateral action. Once it initiated the bureaucratic power grab, it proceeded to establish new rules re-stricting the free speech of its regu-latory target. I submitted comments to the agency expressing my constitutional concerns about its proposed rule. I wasn’t alone in doing so. Noted Harvard law pro-fessor Larry Tribe, hardly one to be confused for a conservative, did the same. But the rules were finalized nonetheless. While the FCC recently took a step in the right direction by staying the application of the privacy rules, these midnight regulations are still hanging out there. Congress needs to repeal these privacy restrictions in order to restore balance to the internet eco-system and provide certainty to con-sumers. These regulations have altered the basic nature of privacy protection in the United States. For decades, the FTC policed privacy based on consumer expectations for their data, not bureau-cratic preferences. These consumer ex-pectations were just common sense: Sensitive data deserves more protec-tion than nonsensitive data. Unfortunately, the FCC rules dis-pensed with this commonsense regu-latory approach. Under the new rules, what matters isn’t what the data is but, rather, who uses it. This creates a dual-track regulatory environment where some consumer data is regulated one way if a company is using it under the FCC’s jurisdiction and an entirely different way if its use falls under the FTC, or the Federal Trade Commission. This is all confusing enough, but it gets worse. In the consumer technology sector, innovation is the name of the game. Companies are constantly roll-ing out new products and competing to win over consumers. By the same token, consumers are always on the lookout for the newest gadget or app. But the FCC’s privacy order makes it increasingly difficult for consumers to learn about the latest product offerings from broadband providers. Instead of being notified about faster and more affordable alternatives for their fam-ily’s home internet needs, under the FCC’s privacy order, Arizonans might get left in the dark. The FCC’s heavyhanded data require-ments restrict the ability of broadband providers to offer services tailored to their customers’ needs and interests, and they lead to inconsistent treat-ment of otherwise identical data on-line. When a regulation diminishes in-novation, harms consumer choice, and is just all-around confusing, it is a bad regulation. The FCC’s privacy rule for ISPs is a bad regulation. When it chose to impose needlessly onerous privacy regulations on broadband providers while leaving the rest of the internet under the success-ful FTC regime, the FCC unfairly picked one politically favored indus-try—the edge providers—to prevail over a different industry—broadband. Repealing the FCC’s privacy action is a crucial step toward restoring a sin-gle, uniform set of privacy rules for the internet. The FTC’s privacy rules are the result of an ongoing, data-driven effort to understand and protect con-sumer expectations. That is the FTC. The FCC’s rules, on the other hand, are the hasty byproduct of political inter-est groups and reflect the narrow pref-erences of well-connected insiders. To sum all of this up, the FCC’s mid-night privacy rules are confusing and counterproductive. This CRA will get rid of it, pure and simple. But let me say what it won’t do. Despite claims to the contrary, using this CRA will not leave consumers unprotected. That is because the FCC is already obligated to police the privacy practices of broadband providers under section 222 of the Communications Act, as well as various other Federal and State laws. Both Chairman Wheeler and Chair-man Pai agree on that point. Just last week, Chairman Pai wrote to my friends on the other side of the aisle confirming this legal fact. This resolution will not disrupt the FCC’s power, nor will it infringe on the FTC’s jurisdiction elsewhere. Neither will it affect how broadband providers currently handle consumer data. Broadband providers are currently reg-ulated under section 222, and they will continue to be after these midnight regulations are rescinded. Passing this CRA will send a power-ful message that Federal agencies can’t unilaterally restrict constitutional rights and expect to get away with it. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution of disapproval. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we are talking about taking privacy rights away from individuals if we suddenly eliminate this rule. Do you want a large company that is an internet pro-vider, that has all the personal, sen-sitive information because of what you have been doing on the internet—do you want that company to be able to use that for commercial purposes with-out your consent? That is the issue. If you want to protect people’s pri-vacy, I would think you would want to require that an individual who has paid money for the internet provider to pro-vide them with the internet—you go on the internet, and you go to whatever site you want. You do business. You do personal business. You do banking. You go on the internet and you buy things. You talk about your children’s school, about when you are going to pick up your children, maybe what your chil-dren want to wear to school. You want to talk on the internet about anything that is personal. Do you want that internet provider to have access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.046 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1926 March 22, 2017 
that information to be used for com-mercial purposes without your con-sent? If you ask that question to the American people, they are going to give you a big, resounding no. Should the internet provider use that information if you give your consent? Then that is fair game. If you give your consent so that they can alert you be-fore a certain day—you might want to give a certain gift to your wife on her birthday, and they might have all that information, but maybe you don’t want them to have the information about where your children go to school. Personal, sensitive information is what we are talking about; therefore, the whole issue here is, do you want the internet provider to be able to use that information without the person’s consent, or do you want the person to have to actually effectively opt-in in order to give the internet provider that consent? To me, this is a clear-cut case of privacy. You can fancy it up, talking about FCC rules and so forth—and we have the author of the Telecom Act, Senator M
ARKEY , here, and he is going to talk about this and protections that were put in for telephones. But back then, remember, it was just you call from this number to this number on such and such a day for such and such a pe-riod of time. Even that was protected. But now—just think about this—we are talking about all the personal trans-actions that you do every day through the internet. So I rise today in opposition to this resolution brought under the Congres-sional Review Act to disapprove the Federal Communications Commission’s broadband consumer privacy rules. I would think that the distinguished Senator sitting in the Chair, who val-ues privacy as he does—that this is going to be something he would be con-cerned about, as well as every other Senator in this Chamber, because you know that if you ask your constituents ‘‘Do you want your privacy invaded without your consent?’’ you know what the answer is going to be. Americans care about their online privacy. They want to have control over how their personal information is exploited by third parties. In fact, a re-cent survey by the Pew Research Cen-ter found that 91 percent of adults feel they have lost control of how their per-sonal information is collected and then used. That same study found that 74 percent of Americans believe it is very important that they be in control of who can get information about them, and a majority believe that their trav-els around the internet—the sites they visit and how long they spend in that location—are sensitive information that should be protected. I hope the Senators are going to pay attention to this because we are talking about sen-sitive, personal information. Do you know that your geolocation is something that you are transmitting over the internet? Do you want your location and where you have been to be in the hands of somebody who could use that for commercial purposes? I don’t think so. That is why this past October the FCC provided broadband subscribers with tools to allow them to have greater control over how their personal online information is used, shared, and then sold. The FCC has been protecting tele-phone customers’ privacy for decades, and it updated its longstanding privacy protections to protect the privacy of broadband customers. In fact, it is safe to say that what the FCC did last Octo-ber was the most comprehensive up-date to its consumer privacy and data protection rules in decades. The FCC put in place clear rules that require broadband providers to seek their subscribers’ specific and informed consent before using or sharing sen-sitive personal information and give broadband customers the right to opt out of having their nonsensitive infor-mation used and shared if they chose to do so. The FCC also gave broadband subscribers additional confidence in the protection and security of their data by putting in place reasonable data security and breach notification requirements for broadband providers. Simply put, the FCC decided to put American consumers—each one of us who pays these monthly fees for our broadband service—in the driver’s seat of how their personal online data is used and shared by the broadband pro-vider to which they have been paying a monthly fee to use their service. Is that too much to ask? I don’t think so. Please understand that broadband providers know a lot about every one of us. In fact, it may be startling, the pic-ture that your broadband provider can develop about your daily habits and then sell to the highest bidder. Your home broadband provider can know when you wake up every day ei-ther by knowing the time each morn-ing that you log on to the internet to check the weather and news of the morning or through a connected device in your home. That provider may know imme-diately that you are not feeling well, that you kind of feel sick, assuming you peruse the internet, like most of us do, to get a quick check on your symp-toms. In fact, your broadband provider may know more about your health and your reaction to illness than you are willing to share with your doctor. Think about that. Personal privacy? If you let this go to the highest bidder, personal privacy of sensitive information is going to be out the window. Your home broadband provider can build a profile about your listening and viewing habits given that today most of us access music, news, and video pro-gramming over broadband. Your broadband provider may have a better financial picture of you than even your bank or your brokerage firm or your financial adviser because they see every website you visit across every device in your home and can build a thorough profile about you through these habits. If you live in a connected home, the home of the future—and the future is now, by the way—they may know even more details about how you go about your day-to-day activities. Your mo-bile broadband provider knows how you move about through the day, your geolocation. They know through infor-mation about that geolocation and the internet activity. All of that is through—guess what—this mobile de-vice. Don’t you think this is connected to the internet? And that is not to mention the sort of profile a broadband provider can start to build about our children from their birth. It is a gold mine of data, the holy grail, so to speak. It is no wonder that broadband pro-viders want to be able to sell this infor-mation to the highest bidder without the consumer’s knowledge or consent. And they want to collect and use this information without providing trans-parency or being held accountable. Is this what you want to inflict upon your constituents in your State by changing this rule about their personal, sensitive privacy? I don’t think so. You better know what you are doing when you vote tomorrow. This vote is coming about noon tomorrow. You better know. As a country, we have not stood for this in the past, this kind of free utili-zation of information by entities that may want to have a unique look at who we are. We place stringent limits on the use of information by our doctors. We place stringent limits on our banks. When it comes to our children, I mean, that ought to be off-limits. Broadband providers can build simi-lar profiles about us and in fact may be able to provide more detail about someone than any one of those entities can. Passing this Senate resolution will take consumers out of the driver’s seat and place the collection and use of their information behind a veil of se-crecy, despite the rhetoric surrounding our debate today suggesting that elimi-nating these commonsense rules will better protect consumers’ privacy on-line or will eliminate consumer confu-sion. Don’t fall for that argument, Sen-ators. In fact, the resolution will wipe out thoughtful rules that were the product of months of hard work by the experts at the agency on regulating communications networks of all kinds. Those rules were crafted based upon a thorough record developed through an extensive multimonth rulemaking pro-ceeding. The FCC received more than one-quarter of a million filings during this proceeding. They listened to the American people. The agency received extensive input from stakeholders in all quarters of the debate, from the broadband providers and telephone companies to the public interest groups and from academics to individual consumers. We are going to wipe all of this away at noon tomorrow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.047 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1927 March 22, 2017 
with a vote that you can do it by 50 votes in this Chamber? I don’t think this is what the people want. On top of this, the rules are based on longstanding privacy protections main-tained by the FCC for telephone com-panies, as well as the work of and the principles advocated by the Federal Trade Commission and advocated by State attorneys general and others in protecting consumer privacy. The FCC rules put in place basic safeguards for consumers’ privacy based on three con-cepts that are widely accepted as the basis for privacy regulation in the United States and around the world: notice, choice—individual choice, con-sumer choice—and security, those three. They are not the radical pro-posals that some would have you be-lieve they are. First, the rules require broadband providers to notify their customers about what types of information it col-lects about the individual customers, when they disclose or permit access to that information, and how customers can provide consent to that collection and disclosure. Second, the rules give consumers choice by requiring broadband pro-viders to obtain a customer’s affirma-tive opt in; in other words, I give you my consent before you can use or share my sensitive personal information. As I mentioned earlier, sensitive in-formation includes a customer’s pre-cise geographic location—I don’t think you want some people to know exactly where you are—your personal informa-tion, health, financial, information about your children, your Social Secu-rity number—how many laws do we have protecting Social Security num-bers—the content you have accumu-lated on the web, web browsing, and ap-plication usage information. For information considered nonsen-sitive, broadband providers must allow customers to opt out of use and sharing of such information. Broadband pro-viders must provide a simple, persist-ently available means for customers to exercise their privacy choices. Third, broadband providers are re-quired to take reasonable measures to protect customers’ information from unauthorized use, disclosure, or access. They must also comply with specific breach notifications. In other words, if somebody has busted the internet and stolen all of this information from the site, don’t you think you ought to be notified that your personal informa-tion was hacked? Well, that is one of the requirements. So then I ask my colleagues: What in the world is wrong with requiring broadband providers to give their pay-ing customers clear, understandable, and accurate information about what confidential and potentially highly personal information those companies collect? What is wrong with getting their consent to collect that informa-tion from their subscribers? What is wrong with telling customers how their information is collected when they use their broadband service? What is wrong with telling customers with whom they share this sensitive in-formation? What is wrong with letting customers have a say in how their in-formation is used? What is wrong with recognizing that information about a consumer’s browsing history and ap usage, sensitive and personal informa-tion, should be held to a higher stand-ard before it is shared with others? What is wrong with all of that? What is wrong with seeking a par-ent’s consent before information about their children’s activities or location is sold to the highest bidder? Do we as parents not go out of our way to pro-tect our children’s well-being and their privacy? Trying to overturn this rule is what is wrong. What is wrong with protecting con-sumers from being forced to sign away their privacy rights in order to sub-scribe to a broadband service? I want your internet service. Do I have to sign away the rights to my private informa-tion—private, sensitive information? What is wrong with making companies take reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of consumers’ data? What is wrong with making compa-nies notify their subscribers when they have had a breach? Again, I ask my colleagues: What in the world is wrong with giving consumers increased choice, transparency, and security on-line? Supporters of the joint resolution fail to acknowledge the negative impact this resolution is going to have on the American people. This regulation is going to wipe away a set of reasonable, commonsense protections. I want to emphasize that. Is it common sense to protect our personal, sensitive, private information? Of course it is. But we are just about—in a vote at noon tomor-row, with a majority vote, not a 60- vote threshold, a majority vote here— we are just about to wipe all of that out. It will open our internet browsing histories and application usage pat-terns up to exploitation for commer-cial purposes by broadband providers and third parties who will line up to buy your information. It will create a privacy-free zone for broadband companies, with no Federal regulator having effective tools to set rules of the road for collection, use, and sale of that uniquely personal in-formation of yours. It will tie the hands of the FCC because they cannot go back. Once this rule is overturned, they cannot go back and redo this rule. It will tie the hands of the Federal Communications Commission and eliminate the future ability to adopt clear, effective privacy and data secu-rity protections for you as a sub-scriber, in some cases even for tele-phone subscribers. To be sure, there are those who dis-agree with the FCC’s broadband con-sumer privacy rules. There is an ave-nue for those complaints. These same companies that are pushing the joint resolution have filed for reconsider-ation of the rule at the FCC, and there is a judicial system. That is the appro-priate way. Go back and get the FCC to amend—if you all are so concerned—or let the judicial system work its will, but do not do it in one fell swoop in a majority rule in this body tomorrow at noon. In fact, the critics of the FCC’s rules have an open proceeding at the FCC in which they can argue on the record with an opportunity for full public par-ticipation to change and alter these rules. If the FCC did it—you have a new FCC, a new Chairman, a new majority on the FCC—let them be the ones to amend the rules after all the safe-guards of the open hearings, of the comment period, all of that. By con-trast, what we are using here to invade our privacy is a blunt congressional in-strument called the Congressional Re-view Act. It means that all aspects of the rules adopted by the FCC must be overturned at once, including changes to the FCC’s telephone privacy rules. It would deny the agency the power to protect consumers’ privacy online, and it would prevent the FCC—get this—prevent them, the FCC, the regu-latory body that now has a new chair-man and a new majority—it would pre-vent the FCC from ever adopting even similar rules. I don’t think that is what we want to do because it does not make sense. That is exactly what we are about to do. I also want to address the argument that the FCC rules are unfair to broadband providers because the same rules do not apply to other companies in the internet ecosystem. Supporters of this resolution will argue that the other entities in the internet eco-system have access to the same per-sonal information that the broadband providers do. They argue that everyone in the data collection business should be on a level playing field. Well, I ask my colleagues whether they have asked their con-stituents that question directly. Do Americans really believe that all per-sons who hold data about them should be treated the same? I venture to guess that most Americans would agree with the FCC that companies that are able to build detailed particulars about you and build those particular pictures about your lives through unique in-sights because of what you do every day in their internet usage—shouldn’t those companies be held to a higher standard? In addition, the FCC’s rules still allow broadband providers to collect and use their subscribers’ information. The providers merely need to obtain consent from those activities when it comes to their subscribers’ highly sen-sitive information. The FCC also found that broadband providers, unlike any other companies in the internet ecosystem, are uniquely able to see every packet of information that a subscriber sends and receives— every packet of information that you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.048 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1928 March 22, 2017 
send or receive over the internet while on their networks. So if you have a provider, they are on your iPhone, and you are using them, they are seeing ev-erything. That is not the case if you go to Google because Google sees only what you do while you are on Google. But the internet provider, the pipe that is carrying your information—they see everything that you do. Supporters of the joint resolution also hold out the superiority of the Federal Trade Commission’s efforts on protecting privacy. They argue that there should be only one privacy cop on the beat. But, folks, that ignores re-ality. The FTC doesn’t do everything. There are a number of privacy cops on the beat. Congress has given the FCC, the FTC, the FDA, and NHTSA regu-latory authority to protect consumers’ privacy. You had better get this clear because the FCC is the only agency to which Congress has given statutory authority to adopt rules to protect broadband customers’ privacy. The FTC, the Fed-eral Trade Commission, does not have the rulemaking authority in data secu-rity, even though commissioners at the FTC have asked Congress for such au-thority in the past. Given recent court cases, the FTC now faces even more in-surmountable legal obstacles to taking action, protecting broadband con-sumers’ privacy. So don’t be fooled by this argument that folks are telling you over here that it ought to be the FTC, the Fed-eral Trade Commission. As many have pointed out, elimination of the FCC’s rules will result in a very wide chasm, where broadband and cable companies have no discernible regulation while internet ‘‘edge’’ companies abide by the FTC enforcement efforts. Without clear rules of the road, broadband subscribers will have no cer-tainty of choice about how their pri-vate information can be used and no protection against its abuse—no pro-tection, my fellow Americans, of your personal, sensitive, private data. That is why this Senator supports the FCC’s broadband consumer privacy rules. I want to encourage my fellow Sen-ators: You had better examine what you are about to do to people’s per-sonal privacy before you vote to over-turn this rule tomorrow. I urge my colleagues to vote against the joint resolution. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from South Da-kota. 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY , MARCH 23 , 2017 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that the Senate resume consideration of S.J. Res. 34. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the inter-net has grown at an unbounded rate in the years since its inception, a phe-nomenon no one can argue with. Much of that growth can be attributed to the light-touch regulatory approach that the government adopted in the early days of the web. As chairman of the Commerce Com-mittee, which has jurisdiction over the internet, I have worked hard to pro-mote policies that encourage the pri-vate sector to invest in and grow the internet ecosystem as a whole. All of that is jeopardized, however, if govern-ment bureaucrats have the ability to overregulate the digital world. When it comes to overregulating the internet, one need look no further than the Democratic-controlled Federal Com-munications Commission under Presi-dent Obama. In a world that was turning away—it was literally turning away from the legacy telecommunication services and, instead, toward dynamic internet applications, the FCC found its role gradually diminishing. This is an inevi-table and good byproduct, I might add, of a more competitive environment brought about by technological innova-tion and successful light-touch poli-cies. Yet the Obama FCC fought hard against this technological progress and, instead, pursued an aggressively activist and partisan agenda that put government edicts ahead of real con-sumer desires. Over the last 2 years, the FCC has made a stunning bureau-cratic power grab. First, the FCC stripped away the Federal Trade Com-mission’s authority to police internet providers and seized that for itself by recharacterizing such services as mo-nopoly-era telecommunications. Then in 2016, the FCC, which has lit-tle experience regulating internet pri-vacy, decided to turn our country’s pri-vacy laws on their head by abandoning the time-tested enforcement approach of the FTC, the Federal Trade Commis-sion. These actions by the FCC ignored both common sense and real world data and, instead, focused on hypothetical harms of the future. Ignoring years of internet ecosystem precedent, where everyone was treated the same, the FCC’s 2016 broadband pri-vacy regulations would apply only to certain parts of the internet. This is a source of significant concern because at any particular time, consumers will not have reasonable certainty of what the rules are and how their privacy de-cisions will be applied. Are you at home on Wi-Fi? At home on a smartphone? Using your smartphone on a friend’s Wi-Fi? Using the Internet at a library? Each of these could have very different privacy im-plications for a consumer because of the FCC’s piecemeal approach to pri-vacy, leading to more confusion and uncertainty, not increased privacy pro-tections, as promised. In enacting these lopsided rules, the FCC seems to have gone out of its way to disregard established FTC practice by creating new regulations that differ significantly from the FTC’s tried-and- true framework. The FTC’s privacy re-gime is clear, easy to understand, and applies evenly throughout the market-place. By contrast, the FCC’s rules are complex, confusing, and often lead to the same data being treated inconsist-ently online. The FCC’s action would harm con-sumers in other ways as well. Even though no consumer wants to be in the dark about newer and cheaper services, the FCC’s rules actually make it more difficult for customers to hear about new, innovative offerings from their broadband providers. And because the FCC imposed heavy-handed data re-quirements on these internet compa-nies, they will have less ability to offer services that are tailored to their cus-tomers’ needs and interests. Further-more, the FCC unfairly distorted the marketplace when it imposed unneces-sarily onerous privacy restrictions on broadband providers while leaving the rest of the internet under the strong and successful regime at the FTC. When speaking about the economic opportunities the internet now affords us, President Obama’s last FCC chair-man declared that ‘‘government is where we will work this out.’’ ‘‘Government is where we will work this out.’’ Well, I couldn’t disagree more. I be-lieve the marketplace should be the center of the debate over how our dig-ital networks would function, not the FCC. I believe consumers and job cre-ators should be the ones deciding about new technologies, not the government. The resolution before us today is the first step toward restoring regulatory balance to the internet ecosystem. The best way for that balance to be achieved is for there to be a single, uni-form set of privacy rules for the inter-net—the entire internet—rules that ap-propriately weigh the need to protect consumers with the need to foster eco-nomic growth and continued online in-novation. The FCC is simply the wrong venue for that effort. Its statutory scope is too narrow, and it lacks institutional expertise on privacy. The current chairmen of the FCC and the FTC both recognize this, having jointly called for returning jurisdiction over broadband providers’ privacy and data security practices to the FTC ‘‘so that all enti-ties in the online space can be subject to the same rules.’’ For those reasons, I support the reso-lution before us that would provide congressional disapproval of the Obama administration’s misguided and unfair attempts to regulate the internet, and I encourage my colleagues to support the resolution as well. To those people who have heard that this resolution somehow results in the elimination of all online protections for consumers, I can assure you those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.052 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1929 March 22, 2017 
claims are simply unfounded scare-mongering. If this resolution is en-acted, it will repeal only a specific rulemaking at the FCC that has yet to be implemented. What we are talking about here hasn’t even been imple-mented yet. It will not touch the FCC’s underlying statutory authority. In-deed, the FCC will still be obligated to police the privacy practices of broadband providers, as provided for in the Communications Act. The new chairman of the FCC confirmed this when he appeared before the Commerce Committee earlier this month. No mat-ter what happens with this resolution, the FTC will continue to have its au-thority to police the rest of the online world. It is my hope that once the Senate passes this resolution, the House will move quickly to take it up and send it to the President for his signature be-cause, before our country can get back on the right track, we must first move past the damaging regulations adopted in the waning days of the Obama ad-ministration. I thank Senator F
LAKE for his leader-ship on this issue. Without his tireless efforts, we would not be here today, standing ready to move decisively to-ward a better future for the internet. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution that we will vote on tomor-row at noon. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the rules of the Sen-ate Committee on the Budget for the 115th Congress be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
I. MEETINGS  (1) The committee shall hold its regular meeting on the first Thursday of each month. Additional meetings may be called by the chair as the chair deems necessary to expedite committee business. (2) Each meeting of the committee, includ-ing meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a portion or portions of any such meeting may be closed to the public if the committee determines by record vote in open session of a majority of the members of the committee present that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such portion or portions— (a) will disclose matters necessary to be kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; (b) will relate solely to matters of the com-mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; (c) will tend to charge an individual with crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; (d) will disclose the identity of any in-former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; or (e) will disclose information relating to the trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— (i) an act of Congress requires the informa-tion to be kept confidential by Government officers and employees; or (ii) the information has been obtained by the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person. (f) may divulge matters required to be kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. (3) Notice of, and the agenda for, any busi-ness meeting or markup shall be provided to each member and made available to the pub-lic at least 72 hours prior to such meeting or markup. II. CONSIDERATION OF BUDGET RESOLUTIONS  (1) If the chair of the committee makes proposed legislative text of a concurrent res-olution on the budget available to all com-mittee members by 12:00 p.m., five days prior to the start of a meeting or markup to con-sider the resolution, during that meeting or markup: (a) it shall not be in order to consider a first degree amendment unless the amend-ment has been submitted to the chief clerk by 5:00 p.m. two days prior to the start of the meeting or markup, except that an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute offered by the chair of the committee shall not be re-quired to be filed in advance, and (b) it shall not be in order to consider a second degree amendment unless the amend-ment has been submitted to the chief clerk by 5:00 p.m. on the day prior to the start of the meeting or markup, and (c) it shall not be in order to consider a side-by-side amendment unless the amend-ment has been submitted to the chief clerk by 5:00 p.m. on the day prior to the start of the meeting or markup, and the amendment is filed in relation to a particular first de-gree amendment that is considered by the committee. (2) During consideration of a concurrent resolution on the budget, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment that would have no force or effect if adopted. 
III. ORDER OF RECOGNITION  Those members who are present at the start of any meeting of the committee in-cluding meetings to conduct hearings, shall be recognized in order of seniority based on time served as a member of the committee. Any members arriving after the start of the meeting shall be recognized, in order of ap-pearance, after the most junior member. 
IV. QUORUMS AND VOTING  (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this section, a quorum for the trans-action of committee business shall consist of not less than one-third of the membership of the entire committee: Provided, that proxies shall not be counted in making a quorum. (2) A majority of the committee shall con-stitute a quorum for reporting budget resolu-tions, legislative measures or recommenda-tions: Provided, that proxies shall not be counted in making a quorum. (3) For the purpose of taking sworn or unsworn testimony, a quorum of the com-mittee shall consist of one Senator. (4)(a) The committee may poll— (i) internal committee matters including those concerning the committee’s staff, records, and budget; (ii) steps in an investigation, including issuance of subpoenas, applications for im-munity orders, and requests for documents from agencies; and (iii) other committee business that the committee has designated for polling at a meeting, except that the committee may not vote by poll on reporting to the Senate any measure, matter, or recommendation, and may not vote by poll on closing a meeting or hearing to the public. (b) To conduct a poll, the chair shall cir-culate polling sheets to each member speci-fying the matter being polled and the time limit for completion of the poll. If any mem-ber requests, the matter shall be held for a meeting rather than being polled. The chief clerk shall keep a record of polls; if the com-mittee determines by record vote in open session of a majority of the members of the committee present that the polled matter is one of those enumerated in rule I(2)(a)–(e), then the record of the poll shall be confiden-tial. Any member may move at the com-mittee meeting following a poll for a vote on the polled decision. V. PROXIES  When a record vote is taken in the com-mittee on any bill, resolution, amendment, or any other question, a quorum being present, a member who is unable to attend the meeting may vote by proxy if the absent member has been informed of the matter on which the vote is being recorded and has af-firmatively requested to be so recorded; ex-cept that no member may vote by proxy dur-ing the deliberations on Budget Resolutions unless a member is experiencing a health issue and the chair and ranking member agree to allow that member to vote by proxy on amendments to a Budget Resolution. 
VI. HEARINGS AND HEARING PROCEDURES  (1) The committee shall make public an-nouncement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted on any measure or matter at least 1 week in advance of such hearing, unless the chair and ranking member determine that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date. (2) At least 24 hours prior to the scheduled start time of the hearing, a witness appear-ing before the committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony with the chief clerk who is responsible for circulating the proposed testimony to all members at the same time. The requirement that a wit-ness submit testimony 24 hours prior to a hearing may be waived by the chair and the ranking member, following their determina-tion that there is good cause for the failure of compliance. 
VII. COMMITTEE REPORTS  (1) When the committee has ordered a measure or recommendation reported, fol-lowing final action, the report thereon shall be filed in the Senate at the earliest prac-ticable time. (2) A member of the committee, who gives notice of an intention to file supplemental, minority, or additional views at the time of final committee approval of a measure or matter, shall be entitled to not less than 3 calendar days in which to file such views, in writing, with the chief clerk of the com-mittee. Such views shall then be included in the committee report and printed in the same volume, as a part thereof, and their in-clusions shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the committee report may be filed and printed immediately without such views. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.053 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1930 March 22, 2017 
VIII. USE OF DISPLAY MATERIALS IN COMMITTEE  Committee members may use the elec-tronic display system provided in the com-mittee hearing room or physical graphic dis-plays during any meetings or hearings of the committee. Physical graphic displays are limited to the following: Charts, photographs, or renderings: Size: no larger than 36 inches by 48 inches. Where: on an easel stand next to the mem-ber’s seat or at the rear of the committee room. When: only at the time the member is speaking. Number: no more than two may be dis-played at a time. 
IX. CONFIRMATION STANDARDS AND  
PROCEDURES  (1) Standards. In considering a nomination, the committee shall inquire into the nomi-nee’s experience, qualifications, suitability, and integrity to serve in the position to which he or she has been nominated. The committee shall recommend confirmation if it finds that the nominee has the necessary integrity and is affirmatively qualified by reason of training, education, or experience to carry out the functions of the office to which he or she was nominated. (2) Information Concerning the Nominee. Each nominee shall submit the following in-formation to the chief clerk, who will dis-tribute to the chairman and ranking member at the same time: (a) A detailed biographical resume which contains information concerning education, employment, and background which gen-erally relates to the position to which the in-dividual is nominated, and which is to be made public; (b) Information concerning financial and other background of the nominee which is to be made public; provided, that financial in-formation that does not relate to the nomi-nee’s qualifications to hold the position to which the individual is nominated, tax re-turns or reports prepared by federal agencies that may be submitted by the nominee shall, after review by the chair, ranking member, or any other member of the committee upon request, be maintained in a manner to en-sure confidentiality; and, (c) Copies of other relevant documents and responses to questions as the committee may so request, such as responses to questions concerning the policies and programs the nominee intends to pursue upon taking of-fice. (3) Report on the Nominee. After a review of all information pertinent to the nomina-tion, a confidential report on the nominee may be prepared by the committee staff for the chair, the ranking member and, upon re-quest, for any other member of the com-mittee. The report shall summarize the steps taken and the results of the committee in-quiry, including any unresolved matters that have been raised during the course of the in-quiry. (4) Hearings. The committee shall conduct a hearing during which the nominee shall be called to testify under oath on all matters relating to his or her suitability for office, including the policies and programs which he or she would pursue while in that position. No hearing or meeting to consider the con-firmation shall be held until at least 72 hours after the following events have occurred: the nominee has responded to the requirements set forth in subsection (2), and, if a report de-scribed in subsection (3) has been prepared, it has been presented to the chairman and ranking member, and is available to other members of the committee, upon request. 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VIETNAM WAR Mr. KING. Mr. President, this month Togus VA Maine Healthcare System will observe the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam war by honoring veterans of the Vietnam war era and their fami-lies. Togus will welcome veterans, their families, and communities in a ceremony at the Togus Theater in Au-gusta on March 23, 2017, to commemo-rate their service and sacrifices and to thank them for dedicating both strength and service in defense of our freedom. Throughout the war, the United States deployed nearly 3 million serv-icemembers to Vietnam. Over 58,200 Americans made the ultimate sacrifice, and more than 150,000 were wounded during the conflict. Our veterans self-lessly served this country, and they de-serve to be recognized for their unwav-ering patriotism, courage, and resil-ience that exemplifies the strength of the American spirit and our Nation’s commitment to democracy worldwide. Maine played a critical role in the war effort. Those who served in the Vietnam war represent the largest con-tingent of veterans in Maine, and their record of service has earned them our eternal gratitude. Nearly 48,000 soldiers from Maine served in Vietnam, and al-most 350 Mainers lost their lives or went missing in action during the war. For this observance of the 50th anni-versary of the Vietnam war, I am proud to recognize the brave Americans who served, both overseas and here on the homefront. Their service makes this country great, and their countless per-sonal sacrifices to protect our freedoms can never be fully repaid. It is my honor to express my gratitude to our veterans for their service during the Vietnam war and their many contribu-tions to the State of Maine and our great Nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and my colleague Senator S
HAHEEN , I would like to recognize the contributions made to our Nation and its small businesses by the good work of America’s small business develop-ment centers. As chairman and rank-ing member of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship, Ranking Member S
HAHEEN and I understand the impact that boosting small businesses makes, with 99.7 per-cent of all firms across America being small businesses and their employees making up 48 percent of the total workforce. America’s small business develop-ment centers provide small businesses across the country with high-quality, low- or no-cost consulting, and a vari-ety of educational programs. These centers operate in all 50 States to sup-port an established network of small businesses while encouraging new en-trepreneurs to develop and execute their unique vision, helping innovators get their own small businesses up and running. Small business development centers are successful because they provide the services of a large consulting firm on a locally scaled level in areas that may go unnoticed by other programs. They provide tailored, individualized atten-tion to over 450,000 entrepreneurs a year, which resulted in $6.9 billion in new sales in 2015. That same year, America’s small business development centers aided in the creation of over 100,000 jobs, and the small businesses they serve averaged a growth rate of 15.5 percent, which is nearly eight times the national average. One of many success stories that can be told is that of Velma, a marketing software firm in Nampa, ID. Founded in 2006, the firm focused on empowering loan officers to create stronger rela-tionships through a customized direct email program. The recession of 2008 hit Velma hard, and in 2010, the com-pany entered into the small business development centers business accel-erator program. The structure of the program provided organizational dis-cipline, and the firm pivoted to pro-viding email marketing for mortgage companies. Since the firm began par-ticipating in the accelerator program, Velma has quadrupled its employees and created a sustained positive cash flow. It is a privilege for my colleague and I to recognize America’s Small Busi-ness Development Centers Day today, March 22, 2017, and we wish them con-tinued success as they work to support the next generation of America’s small business owners and entrepreneurs. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, as ranking member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship, it is a privilege to join Chairman RISCH as we celebrate the first ever Small Business Development Center Day, which will unite the more than 1,000 small business development centers, SBDCs, across the country with the hundreds of thousands of en-trepreneurs they have assisted in their 37-year history. Small businesses are the engine of our economy, creating two out of every three new jobs in the United States. As Chairman R
ISCH stated, since 1980, America’s SBDCs have provided these small businesses with high-quality, low- or no-cost consulting, and a vari-ety of educational programs across the country. Together with SBA’s other re-source partners—women’s business cen-ters, veterans business outreach cen-ters, and SCORE chapters—SBDCs have enhanced the ability of America’s small businesses to grow and create jobs. To provide some context for what this means to our economy, the asso-ciation representing SBDCs estimates that SBDC clients start a new business every 30 minutes, create a new job every 5 minutes, generate $100,000 in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.022 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1931 March 22, 2017 
new sales every 7.5 minutes, and raise $100,000 in capital every 11 minutes. Job growth for SBDC clients is nearly 10 times greater than job growth for the average business. Under the leadership of Dr. Richard Grogan, the New Hampshire SBDC State director, New Hampshire SBDCs have helped thousands of small busi-ness owners and entrepreneurs realize their dreams, start new businesses, and create jobs. Last year alone, New Hampshire SBDC counseled and trained more than 2,500 businesses and assisted in the formation of more than $39 mil-lion in capital for New Hampshire’s small businesses. For example, NH SBDC has been in-strumental for Julie Lapham, the founder and chief sales officer of a startup in Dover, NH, called Popzup. Popzup is a family-owned business that provides a new popcorn product for health-conscious consumers. As Julie explained it, her local SBDC helped to prepare her for a Shark Tank-style pitch competition in which she took home a first-prize award of $10,000. They have helped her understand her financing options and continue to stay involved and support her company’s growth. I hope my colleagues will join me and Chairman R
ISCH in celebrating SBDC Day and acknowledging their local SBDCs for their accomplishments and the role that they play in helping small businesses create jobs. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING PABLITA TA-NEZ- BAH ABEYTA ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, Ta-Nez- Bah means in Navajo ‘‘one who com-pletes a circle.’’ Ta-Nez-Bah was an apt middle name for Pablita Abeyta whose life encircled art, advocacy, and dedi-cation to Native peoples. Pablita Ta-Nez-Bah Abeyta was born in Gallup, NM, in 1953, to Narciso Ha- So-De Abeyta and Sylvia Ann (Shipley) Abeyta. Her father was Navajo and an internationally recognized painter and silversmith. Her mother was Anglo and a Quaker and an accomplished ceram-ist and weaver in her own right. Pablita and her six siblings were raised in and around the arts and the traditions of the Navajo people. Each had an artistic talent. Her sister Eliza-beth was a masterful sculptor and ce-ramic artist; her brother Tony is a highly acclaimed painter and jeweler; and her sister Alice Seely is a nation-ally recognized sculptor, painter, and jeweler. Pablita attended the Institute for American Indian Arts in Santa Fe and received a masters in public affairs from the University of New Mexico in 1983. She then headed off to Washington, DC, where she would combine advocacy and art the rest of her life and where she would play a key role in founding the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of the American Indian, NMAI. Pablita had a full career on Capitol Hill for many years until her retire-ment, always advocating for Native causes. She lobbied for the Navajo Na-tion; worked as a legislative aide to U.S. Representative Ben Nighthorse Campbell from Colorado; staffed the U.S. House Interior Committee’s Office of Indian Affairs under my uncle, U.S. Representative Mo Udall; held a legis-lative liaison position at the Smithso-nian Institute; and served as special as-sistant with the NMAI. Pablita attended the first congres-sional hearing on NMAI in 1987, worked for its establishment through congres-sional legislation, and worked on its highly successful private fundraising drive. Her work was instrumental to starting and building the museum. Pablita was also an accomplished sculptor. Inspired by the strength, beauty, and serenity of Native women, her sculptures have been described as ‘‘smooth, round and sensuous.’’ Her artwork won many awards at the Santa Fe Indian Market, was included in a Smithsonian National Museum of American History exhibition, and is held in the permanent collection of the NMAI. Pablita commented of her sculptures that ‘‘. . . the female figu-rines sing, talk, and reflect the seasons and Navajo spiritual ceremony. I am making a statement with my art about the importance of family, community and my heritage.’’ Pablita passed away January 31, 2017, at age 63. She completed many circles in her life, and I honor all that she ac-complished.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING WILSON M. HALONA ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Wilson Miles Halona, an outstanding member of the Navajo Na-tion, a loving husband and father, and a courageous American veteran. Sadly, at age 95, he passed away February 28, 2017. Mr. Halona was born January 1, 1922, in the Chuska Mountains near Tohatchi, NM. His maternal clan was the Ashiihi, Salt People Clan, and his paternal clan was To’hani, Near the Water People Clan. He was the son of sheep herders, Barney and Annie Halona. One of his sons tells the story of Mr. Halona’s mother going into labor with him as she was herding sheep in the middle of winter. She stopped to give birth, outside in the cold, and then went back to herding. He came from strong stock. This is the second time I have had the privilege to honor Mr. Halona. The first was on November 20, 2012, at the Pueblo Indian Cultural Center in Albu-querque, New Mexico. Mr. Wilson was a World War II hero, but had not received the recognition he deserved. Almost 60 years after the war, his family worked to make sure he received the acknowl-edgment and medals he earned for his bravery and service. Mr. Halona was part of the D-Day in-vasion. Serving in the Army, he and his fellow soldiers landed in Normandy, on Utah Beach, in July 1944. They were part of the third wave of American sol-diers to land, and there were already many casualties scattered on the beach. Mr. Halona was a gunner. As he and his battalion started moving inland, they encountered heavy gunfire from Germans who were dug into mountain-tops along the beach in cement bunk-ers. The American troops returned the gunfire and fought for over 3 hours be-fore they destroyed two German bunk-ers. Mr. Halona’s battalion stopped fur-ther casualties and took control of the beachfront. They headed to Brussels and then on to Bonn and Luxembourg, where the U.S. had established a military base. Winter came upon them, and they were snowed in for 4 months. After the snow cleared, the battalion moved to take over Munich, where they saw firsthand the death and destruction of the Holo-caust. In Stuttgart, they drove out the Germans, captured Hitler’s top gen-erals, transferred them to jail in Nuremburg, and kept guard. Mr. Halona himself guarded Reichsmarschall Hermann Goering for several hours. Mr. Halona credited his Navajo traditions and prayers for help-ing him during and after the war. When Mr. Halona was finally given the honors owed in 2012, he received the Good Conduct Medal, European-Afri-can-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with one Silver Service Star, World War II Victory Medal, the Honorable Service Lapel Button WWII, and the Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle Bar Presentation. I was deeply honored that he asked me to present his med-als. Mr. Halona served the Navajo Nation with distinction as well. He was a member of the Navajo Nation Council for four terms and president of the Tohatchi chapter for eight terms. He was first appointed to the advisory board for the Navajo Housing Author-ity and then served as its first chair. He was instrumental in developing the housing authority—The Navajo Hous-ing Authority was one of the first trib-al housing authorities to be funded by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development—and making sure that Navajo people had better living conditions. He worked to develop the Indian Health Service within the Nav-ajo Nation and to build schools on the reservation. He even helped create the Navajo rodeo association. Mr. Halona’s service to his tribe stretched far and deep. Mr. Halona was married to his wife, Ruby Arviso, from 1942 until her pass-ing in 2013. He had 7 children, and is survived by 5, along with 16 grand-children and 29 great-grandchildren. Wilson Miles Halona lived a life of service to family, tribe, and Nation. I honor his life and his work.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.051 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1932 March 22, 2017 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
NOTICE OF THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SOUTH SUDAN THAT WAS DECLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13664 OF APRIL 3, 2014—PM 3 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014, with respect to South Sudan is to continue in effect beyond April 3, 2017. The situation in and in relation to South Sudan, which has been marked by activities that threaten the peace, security, or stability of South Sudan and the surrounding region, including widespread violence and atrocities, human rights abuses, recruitment and use of child soldiers, attacks on peace-keepers and humanitarian workers, and obstruction of humanitarian oper-ations, continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13664 with re-spect to South Sudan. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , March 22, 2017. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:31 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 305. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 1297. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical cor-rections to the requirement that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit quad-rennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes. H.R. 1353. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain addi-tional information to be submitted to Con-gress regarding the strategic 5-year tech-nology investment plan of the Transpor-tation Security Administration. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1297. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical cor-rections to the requirement that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit quad-rennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1353. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain addi-tional information to be submitted to Con-gress regarding the strategic 5-year tech-nology investment plan of the Transpor-tation Security Administration; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 1181. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as ad-judicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communication was laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and was referred as indicated: 
EC–1032. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Budget Blueprint of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2018 received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on March 16, 2017; referred jointly, pursu-ant to the order of January 30, 1975 as modi-fied by the order of April 11, 1986; to the Committees on the Budget; and Appropria-tions. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 249. A bill to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–8). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 693. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of per-manent faculty in palliative care at accred-ited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician as-sistant education programs, to promote edu-cation and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medi-cine; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. C
OR-
NYN): S. 694. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the standard charitable mileage rate for delivery of meals to elderly, disabled, frail, and at risk individ-uals; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 695. A bill to avoid duplicative annual reporting under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education , Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 696. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to appropriately limit the au-thority to award bonuses to Federal employ-ees; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. DAINES: S. 697. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to lower the mileage threshold for deduction in determining ad-justed gross income of certain expenses of members of reserve components of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 698. A bill to establish a national pro-gram to identify and reduce losses from land-slide hazards, to establish a national 3D Ele-vation Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 699. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish mental and behav-ioral health care to certain individuals dis-charged or released from the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 700. A bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. K ING, and Ms. C OLLINS ): S. 701. A bill to improve the competitive-ness of United States manufacturing by des-ignating and supporting manufacturing com-munities; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 702. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act and the Labor Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.005 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1933 March 22, 2017 
Relations Act, 1947 to deter labor slowdowns at ports of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 703. A bill to extend the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the Equus Beds Division of the Wichita Project; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Con. Res. 11. A concurrent resolution recognizing the life and legacy of Henrietta Lacks during Women’s History Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 158 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 158, a bill to eliminate the payroll tax for individuals who have attained retire-ment age, to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to remove the limita-tion upon the amount of outside in-come which an individual may earn while receiving benefits under such title, and for other purposes. 
S. 260 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) were added as cosponsors of S. 260, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 261 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 261, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure re-quirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
UR-
RAY) were added as cosponsors of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 425 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 425, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 534 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 534, a bill to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes. 
S. 573 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 573, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special com-pensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 636 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 636, a bill to allow Ameri-cans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 637, a bill to amend titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide greater transparency of dis-counts provided by drug manufactur-ers. 
S. 672 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 672, a bill to require a report on des-ignation of North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. S.J. RES. 17 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 17, a joint resolution approv-ing the discontinuation of the process for consideration and automatic imple-mentation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. 
S.J. RES. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 27, a joint resolution dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clar-ification of Employer’s Continuing Ob-ligation to Make and Maintain an Ac-curate Record of Each Recordable In-jury and Illness’’. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Con. Res. 6, a concurrent reso-lution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 88 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 88, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Presi-dent and the Secretary of State should ensure that the Government of Canada does not permanently store nuclear waste in the Great Lakes Basin. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES: S. 697. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to lower the mile-age threshold for deduction in deter-mining adjusted gross income of cer-tain expenses of members of reserve components of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, since 2001 our Nation has frequently called upon members of the National Guard and Armed Forces Reserve to confront our enemies and protect our interests around the globe. Without the contributions from the Guard and Reserve components, the joint force would be far less capable and unable to perform many critical tasks. Often, members of the Guard and Re-serve incur out-of-pocket expenses to travel to and from their training loca-tions. There are many challenges that these servicemembers face, but sub-sidizing the cost of training with after- tax income should not be one of them. This issue is particularly relevant to Montana. My home State is widely rec-ognized as having one of the highest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.008 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1934 March 22, 2017 
per capita veteran populations in the Nation, with many Montanans serving in the Guard or Reserve. The distances between homes and training sites can be challenging. As the son of a marine, I understand the costs associated with service. With a deep appreciation for the commitment and sacrifice expected from members of Guard and Reserve, I offer the Tax Relief for Guard and Re-serve Training Act. This bill lowers the mileage threshold from 100 to 50 for tax-deductible expenses. This change would put the Guard and Reserve on equal footing with most government and military travel regulations. The Tax Relief for Guard and Reserve Training Act is a reasonable reform, specifically targeted at those who are often asked to shoulder burdens for the common good. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 697 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Relief for Guard and Reserve Training Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REDUCTION OF MILEAGE THRESHOLD FOR DEDUCTION IN DETERMINING ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (E) of sec-tion 62(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘100 miles’’ and inserting ‘‘50 miles’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘for any period’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for any period (without regard to whether such period includes an overnight stay)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 3. EXEMPTION FROM 2 PERCENT FLOOR ON MISCELLANEOUS ITEMIZED DEDUC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 67 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (11), (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (12) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) the deductions allowed by section 162 which consist of expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the perform-ance of services by such taxpayer as a mem-ber of a reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States for any period (without regard to whether such period in-cludes an overnight stay) during which such individual is more than 50 miles away from home in connection with such services.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 11—RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF HENRIETTA LACKS DURING WOMEN’S HIS-TORY MONTH Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. C ON. RES. 11 Whereas Henrietta Lacks, an African- American woman born on August 1, 1920, in Roanoke, Virginia, was raised by her grand-father on a tobacco farm in Clover, Virginia; Whereas Henrietta Lacks married David ‘‘Day’’ Lacks in 1941 in Halifax County, Vir-ginia, and they later moved to the Baltimore County, Maryland, community of Turner Station, to build a life for themselves and their 5 children, Lawrence, Elsie, David, Deborah, and Joseph (Zakariyya); Whereas, in 1951, Henrietta Lacks, at the age of 31, was diagnosed with cervical cancer, and despite receiving painful radium treat-ments, Henrietta Lacks passed away on Oc-tober 4, 1951; Whereas medical researchers took samples of Henrietta Lacks’ tumor during her treat-ment and the HeLa cell line from her tumor proved remarkably resilient; Whereas Henrietta Lacks died 8 months after her cancer diagnosis, leaving behind her children, husband, and ‘‘immortal cells’’ that would change the world; Whereas HeLa cells were the first immor-tal line of human cells, doubling every 24 hours, dividing and replenishing indefinitely in a laboratory, and successfully growing outside of the human body for longer than 36 hours; Whereas Henrietta Lacks’ cells are unique, grow by the millions, and are commer-cialized and distributed worldwide to re-searchers, resulting in advances in medicine; Whereas the advances made possible by Henrietta Lacks’ cells and the revenues the advances generated were not known to her family for more than 20 years; Whereas an estimated 50,000,000 metric tons of HeLa cells have been distributed around the world to become the subject of more than 74,000 studies; Whereas Henrietta Lacks’ prolific cells continue to grow and contribute to remark-able advances in medicine, including the de-velopment of the polio vaccine, and drugs for treating the effects of cancer, HIV/AIDS, he-mophilia, leukemia, and Parkinson’s disease; Whereas Henrietta Lacks’ cells have been used in research that has contributed to the understanding of the effects of radiation and zero gravity on human cells; Whereas Henrietta Lacks’ immortal cells have informed research on chromosomal con-ditions, cancer, gene mapping, and precision medicine; Whereas Henrietta Lacks’ legacy has been recognized around the world through memo-rials, conferences, museum exhibitions, li-braries, and print and visual media; Whereas Henrietta Lacks and her family’s experience is fundamental to modern bio-ethics policies and informed consent laws that benefit patients nationwide by building patient trust and protecting research par-ticipants; Whereas the family of Henrietta Lacks en-tered the groundbreaking HeLa Genome Data Use Agreement in 2013 with the med-ical, scientific, and bioethics communities, giving the family a role in regulating HeLa genome sequences and discoveries; Whereas Women’s History Month is cele-brated in March to pay tribute to the many contributions women have made to the United States; and Whereas Henrietta Lacks and her immor-tal cells have made a significant contribu-tion to global health, scientific research, quality of life, and patient rights: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress, dur-ing Women’s History month— (1) celebrates the life of Henrietta Lacks, an African-American woman who unknow-ingly changed the face of medical science, contributing to lasting, worldwide improve-ments in health; (2) honors Henrietta Lacks as a hero of modern medicine for her contributions to the medical discoveries resulting from her HeLa cells, which helped make possible some of the most important medical advances of the last century; and (3) recognizes the legacy of Henrietta Lacks, which has contributed to develop-ments in bioethics and patient rights that benefit all of the people of the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing on ‘‘The Promises and Perils of Emerging Technologies for Cybersecurity.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 22, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate office building. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, March 22, 2017 at 10 a.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Flashing Red: The State of Global Humanitarian Affairs.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet, during the session of the Senate, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomination of Alex Acosta to serve as Secretary of Labor’’ on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 9 a.m., in room 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.016 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1935 March 22, 2017 
the Senate on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing ti-tled ‘‘Perspectives from the DHS Frontline: Evaluating Staffing Re-sources and Requirements.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 22, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Sen-ate Office Building, to continue a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Nomination of the Honorable Neil M. Gorsuch.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SD– G50 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
The Subcommittee on Airland of the Committee on Armed Services is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 3:30 p.m. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEAN , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, March 22, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Brandy Boyce, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dr. Laura Willing, a health fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a detailee, Randolph Clark, and a fellow, Stacey Stern Albert, who have worked on this issue for the Commerce Committee, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted on March 21, 2017: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 19. A bill to provide opportunities for broadband investment, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–4). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 89. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual struc-tural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–5). S. 96. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications (Rept. No. 115–6). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 140. A bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund (Rept. No. 115– 7). f APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: the Honorable K
IRSTEN E. G ILLIBRAND  of New York (Committee on Armed Services) and the Honorable C
HRIS-
TOPHER MURPHY of Connecticut (Com-mittee on Appropriations). The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to Section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, ap-points the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: the Honorable G
ARY C. P
ETERS of Michigan (At Large) and the Honorable B
RIAN SCHATZ of Hawaii (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation). The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194(a), as amended by Public Law 101–595, and further amended by Public Law 113–281, appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: the Honorable M
ARIA C
ANTWELL of Washington (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transpor-tation) and the Honorable R
ICHARD  B
LUMENTHAL of Connecticut (At Large). The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: the Honorable J
EANNE SHA-
HEEN of New Hampshire (Committee on Appropriations) and the Honorable B
ENJAMIN CARDIN of Maryland (At Large). The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), appoints the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: the Honorable T
OMUDALL of New Mexico (Committee on Appropria-tions) and the Honorable M
AZIE K. H
IRONO of Hawaii (Committee on Armed Services). 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE FEDERAL COM-MUNICATIONS COMMISSION—Con-tinued 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ators SCHATZ and M ARKEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. It is really a simple proposition and it is a scary one. As soon as this legis-lation is enacted, internet service pro-viders can collect your browsing data and sell it without your permission. Right now there is a lot of conversa-tion about who has jurisdiction, the FTC or the FCC, and who is more ap-propriate to govern internet privacy, whether this should be public sector or private sector, but the basic question is this for the pending legislation, Should ISPs, your internet service provider, be allowed to collect your browsing data without your permission and sell it? I think the answer for 98 percent of the public is a resounding no. Right now there is a single Federal agency that has the authority to pro-tect consumers and their privacy when it comes to data collected by ISPs, and that is the FCC, the Federal Commu-nications Commission, but the Repub-licans are proposing that the Congress strip the FCC’s ability to protect your privacy, and when they succeed, the American people will lose the very few Federal protections they have when it comes to online privacy. Think about how much of your life is on line today—banking, health, your interactions with your kids, your kids’ interactions with other kids. It is in-credibly personal, and it is not just confidential information in a tradi-tional sense or in a legal sense, it is really a complete picture of everything you are. That is why this is worth fighting about. It is worth protecting. That is why the FCC made these rules—to recognize that we live so much of our lives online and that in a lot of instances we don’t really feel like we have a choice about whether we are going to engage in a contract to get broadband service. That is a necessity for many of us. Consumers deserve some basic protections, not only do the Republicans want to get rid of the FCC rule that basically says an ISP cannot collect your data and sell it for com-mercial purposes, but they want to do it in a way that will ensure that no Federal agency, not a single one, will have jurisdiction over privacy for con-sumers using broadband. They are try-ing to take the referee off the playing field and for good. The problem is very simple. There are actually two agencies that could have jurisdiction over privacy online, but there was a Ninth Circuit Court de-cision that made a ruling that removes the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission over online privacy in the broadband space. So of the two agen-cies, the FTC and FCC, the FTC, ac-cording to this Federal court, no longer has jurisdiction. Now it is on the FCC’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR6.020 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1936 March 22, 2017 
side of the house, but if we repeal the FCC rule, the way the Congressional Review Act runs is that it will prevent us from ever addressing something ‘‘substantially similar’’ again. This isn’t about agreeing or disagreeing with this rule. This isn’t about whether you think the FCC or FTC ought to ap-propriately deal with this. This isn’t a question about whether you think we should exercise our prerogatives in the public or private sectors. This is about whether you think nobody should have jurisdiction over your privacy online. So what is the solution here? Well, we should work with private sector leaders, the FCC, and the FTC to find a comprehensive approach to pri-vacy online. That is what this legisla-tive body should be doing. Instead of aggressively digging into this issue on behalf of consumers, we are actually blowing up the only thing we have, which is this FCC rule. To repeat, by using the Congressional Review Act, Republicans are forever preventing the FCC from protecting your privacy if you use broadband. I want to end by noting that 55 years ago this month, President Kennedy gave a seminal speech about consumer rights. He spoke about the march of technology, how it had outpaced old laws and regulations, and how fast that progress had occurred. He noted that in just a few decades supermarkets went from carrying 1,500 products to more than 6,000, doctors wrote 90 percent of their prescriptions for drugs that no one had even heard of 20 years before, but let’s fast forward to the present day, and we have blown those numbers out of the water. The average super-market carries 40,000 products; in 2015 alone, the FDA approved 51 new drugs; and of course we now have the inter-net, which in the United States grew from 148 million users to nearly 240 million in just 15 years. The next non-incremental change in technology in our lives will be the internet of things, in which we will have tens of billions of devices connected to each other and interacting with us whether we like it or not. So the march of technology goes on, but what stays the same is the bedrock principle that President Ken-nedy outlined; that consumers have the right to be safe, they have the right to be informed, they have the right to choose, and they have the right to be heard. Those rights are in jeopardy. The FCC took a small but important step, and now the Republicans are blowing that up. Let me be clear. This is the single biggest step backward for online pri-vacy in many years, and we have failed the American people when it comes to their privacy. We should be staring this problem in the face, but what we are doing tonight and tomorrow is making it worse. That is why I will vote no, and I will urge my colleagues to vote no on this resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. We have a historic debate going on here in Congress. Yes, there is a lot of discussion about the Russians cracking into our elections using electronic technologies. We have a President of the United States who is contending that his predecessor in the White House wiretapped his apartment in the Trump Tower. We have stories about the compromise of websites all across America—this company, that company, millions of healthcare records, people’s privacy compromised, front page, above the fold. This is huge. What is going on in our country when this new technology allows for such an invasion into the privacy of the President of the United States, of citizens all across our country? These hearings are going on right now in rooms all across Capitol Hill. Everyone is concerned. Everyone is cross-examining witnesses, saying: How can this happen in our country? And then they are told: Oh, it is this new electronic technology which is out there. It allows for the ability to be able to crack into the privacy of Presi-dents and ordinary citizens. It makes it possible to make television sets that are purchased and then can be turned, from a remote distance, into a moni-toring device just looking at you in your living room. How can this hap-pen? What are the rules? Is there going to be any protection for the American people? So night after night, story after story, look at the compromise of the privacy, the security in our coun-try, but out here on the Senate floor tonight we have the Republican re-sponse. The Republicans are saying to the American consuming public: You have no privacy. If you are at home, if you have Comcast or Verizon, if you have AT&T, and they are gathering all this information about you as your broadband provider, every site you go to, everything you are doing, every-thing your children are doing, what they are saying as of tonight, no pri-vacy, no privacy if you have band-width. Everything is out there to be captured by these big broadband bar-ons, and then they can sell it. They can sell it. What is the Republicans’ answer? They say: Well, the internet thrives because of a light touch—a light touch. No, ladies and gentlemen, that is not what created what we have here today. We had to pass new regulations in 1996. I know, I was there. I was the Demo-crat on the committee in the House. There was no broadband—not one home in America had broadband in 1996. Can I say that again? Not one home in America in 1996 had broadband. Today, for a 12-year-old, a 50-inch screen plugged into broadband, that is a constitutional right. It didn’t exist in 1996 anywhere. Was it because it hadn’t been invented, that people hadn’t thought through broadband, they hadn’t thought through what was pos-sible? No. It was because these compa-nies decided, because they were pretty much all monopolies, that they weren’t going to deploy it. So we had to change the rules in order to unleash this revo-lution. Now they are saying: Yes, but a light touch says no privacy protections. That would be bad. People don’t really want privacy protections. That is not how I remember it when I was growing up. When I was growing up, when the salesman knocked on the front door, you know what my mother would say? Don’t answer the front door. We don’t want the salesman in our living room. That is what my mom said. Now, is it different today? Is everyone saying: Yes, come on in. Come into the kitch-en. Come into the living room. Come into the bedroom. Come look at the kids who are sick. Come look at Grand-ma who is sick. We want you to see our house. We want you to know every-thing about us, Mr. Salesman. Now the broadband provider knocks on the front door. The broadband pro-vider says: I want to provide this great new service with a light touch. Let us go into the key rooms into your house—in your living room, in your bedroom—let us put in this broadband technology, but we are also going to gather all this information about every member of your family—your mother, your father, your children—and we are just going to gather it all, and then we are going to sell it to anybody we feel like selling it to. Let me ask you this. Have the values of the American people changed in one generation or are they the same? Do people want total strangers to know everything about you, and you have no right to say no? None? Because that is what this debate is about tonight, la-dies and gentlemen. It is all about whether the Republicans are going to take away the rights of people to pro-tect their children, to protect their families from having all of this infor-mation which the broadband providers encourage people to put online to be then sold as a product. Did you go to a healthcare website to find out some-thing about a disease a child in your family has? Well, that is now a product to be sold. There are plenty of insur-ance companies that would love to know all the people who have gone to that website to find out about that dis-ease. Do you really want that? That is what this debate is all about. How much privacy are people entitled to in this country? Are we going to give it to the broadband companies to determine that? That is what we are voting for to-night. They are saying: We need har-monization, meaning we need a stand-ard which is voluntary—voluntary. The broadband companies decide what the level of privacy is. You subscribe to that company. You now have that level of privacy protection. What does that mean? That means if they don’t want to provide any privacy protection, that is the standard. They are saying: Well, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.055 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1937 March 22, 2017 
that law could then be enforced be-cause they promised you no privacy. Now, if they violate that policy in any way, we could go after them. That real-ly is what the Republican Party thinks about the private, most intimate infor-mation that ordinary families put on-line because there is only one company that knows everything, and that is the broadband provider, that is Verizon, Comcast, AT&T. Every other one of the thousands of websites, they know what is on their websites. They don’t know what is on the other websites. Only one company, your broadband provider, knows everything—has all of your in-formation. Now what is the standard? What is the standard? The Republicans say: No standard. Don’t worry about it. Yes, the Federal Communications Commission put a new rule on the books. Yes, the Federal Communica-tions Commission says that if they want to gather this information about your children, they have to get your permission in order to sell that infor-mation to somebody else. That is the rule right now. They gather informa-tion about your children. They have it. If they want to sell it, they have to get your permission. You have to check a box. Yes, take all of the information on my child’s computer, and sell it. Sell it to people out there who want to know about my child. That is the rule today. What they will say, as we vote tomorrow at noon-time, is no more permission from the parents—none, zero, zilch. You are on your own, kids. Sorry, parents. The Republican Sen-ate decided you don’t keep those pro-tections. Why? Because it is a light touch. People really do not care about privacy in the modern era. It is kind of like—privacy? Get over it. You don’t have any. Get over it. Get over it, say the Republicans. You don’t have any privacy. Now we are going to hear them shed-ding crocodile tears about all of the electronic hacking that goes on in the United States. But do you know that all of that combined is not even a thimble compared to the compromise of the privacy of 320 million Americans that is going to be possible after this rule is repealed tomorrow? It is the rule that gives American families the right to say: No, I don’t want you gath-ering that information about my chil-dren. No, I don’t want you to sell infor-mation about my children. That is gone. That is the vote the Republicans will cast tomorrow. The die is cast. They are all going to do it. It is unbelievable to me that, in one generation, we have gone from people not letting the salesman into the living room to allowing one company to come in and gather every bit of information about every member of the family who is online all day long. It is amazing to me. Do you want to know what I believe? I believe I have the same values that my grandmother had. I believe I have the same values as my mother had. I don’t want anyone coming into my liv-ing room. My mother didn’t want any-one coming into the living room. My grandmother didn’t want anyone com-ing into the living room, and I am sure my great-grandmother in Ireland didn’t want anyone coming into the living room to whom they did not give permission to come into the living room, especially when the kids were at home, but that is not the Republican view. The Republican view is: Oh, the big broadband barons don’t like it? That is great. That is fine. What is next? Think about it. They can get the information about when all of your family members are online, where they went, who they were talk-ing to, who they emailed. All of it is available to the broadband company. It is just a product to be sold to the high-est bidder. Who wants this information out there? You can make billions of dollars by selling this information to other companies that would love to data mine your family so that they can pro-file your kids, profile grandma—profile anybody in your family—just so they can start to send in information and try to sell you stuff. Do we really want people to be able to sell this as a product? The privacy of America is for sale. Is that what we have reached—that we are monetizing privacy? We are saying: Hey, we are just get-ting in the way of the entrepreneurial spirit of America. Do you know what? For our whole history, we have gotten in the way of the entrepreneurial spirit of America. The salesman knocks on the door, and you tell the salesman: Go away. You are not getting into our liv-ing room, Mr. Entrepreneur. We don’t want you in our living room. So there are two sides to this. Yes, you want the entrepreneurial spirit to thrive, but, simultaneously, you should have a right to say: No, Mr. Entre-preneur. I don’t want your product. I don’t want you in my living room. I don’t want you to have access to all of the information of my children. Sorry, Mr. Entrepreneur. I am sure you could have made a fortune, but the fortune comes at too high of a price. Ultimately, the founding principles of our society are that, yes, we are cap-italists, but we are capitalists with a conscience. We understand that there should be limits to how far you can go in making a buck. There should be a limitation. What the Grand Old Party wants to do is to roll back the broadband pri-vacy rules that give you an ability, if you want, to say yes. You can just click and say yes to all of these compa-nies. Take all of my information. Take all of grandma’s information. Take all of the kids’ information. You can just check that and say yes. That is in the law. Do you want to give up all of your privacy? Push ‘‘yes.’’ Yet, under the ex-isting law, you can also push ‘‘no.’’ I don’t want to give up my privacy. It should be the consumer’s choice. It shouldn’t be Big Congress’s and Big Government’s. Big Government is now deciding you have no privacy. The government is moving in. Replacing Big Mother and Big Father is Big Government. Big Government is siding with Big Busi-ness and Big Broadband. That is what is happening here today, and it is leav-ing behind Big Mother and Big Father, who care about their kids. They are taking away the authority that parents have had since the beginning of time up until now. The broadband revolution now makes it possible to monetize privacy—to make money, to give entrepreneurs a chance through light touch regula-tion—which will create more jobs out there. Jobs for whom? Jobs for people who are learning about your kids, jobs for people who are learning about how to make money off of your kids, jobs for people who do not care about your kids. They care only about making a few more bucks. How hard is this? Which business school do you have to go to to have a 3-by-5 card to figure this out? It is pretty simple, huh? What is the job of the Senate? The job of the Senate is to ensure that we animate these technologies with human values, that we say to the in-ventor, to the entrepreneur: Oh, I love that whole idea of an automobile; that is fantastic. But do you know what? Why don’t you build in some brakes? We are going to put up speed limits. We are going to have seatbelts. We are not going to allow you just to put it out on the road and just endanger the public or the passengers. We are going to have some rules. It is great. Yes, invent that new med-icine, but we are also going to say to you: Hey, do you know what? We are going to have a child’s safety cap on top of that medicine so a kid cannot get access to it. We balance it. We animate each new technology with the values that our parents had and that our grandparents brought from the old country. It does not change. It is always the same. The polling is 80 percent—Democrat, Re-publican, Independent, every ethnic group, every income group. Do you know who does not like the rules? Entrepreneurs—entrepreneurs who want to monetize your privacy. But it is always going to be at 80 per-cent, because what is, really, the dif-ferentiating issue? Why would a Repub-lican mother want her kids to have their privacy compromised? You know that she does not. You know she does not. She doesn’t even know that this debate is going on. She doesn’t even know that, after they repeal this rule, it will be the Wild West. So there are real rules. Again, it is the most important set of rules be-cause it is the broadband provider. They get every bit of information. This is not just: Oh, I subscribed to this newspaper, and I am reading this news-paper. Oh, I am at Google. Oh, I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.056 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1938 March 22, 2017 
over here at ESPN sports. Oh, oh, oh. There are hundreds of thousands of websites, and that website knows only about what you did on that website. No, that is not what the broadband company knows. They know every-thing. They know everywhere you went. That is why they want this re-pealed. Just think of how valuable that is. Just think of how much money they can make by selling all of that infor-mation about you and your family. That is what we are debating to-night. We are debating a fundamental change in our country. Is it a heavy touch as opposed to a light touch to say that people’s privacy—that the se-curity of their families—should be pro-tected? Then let’s just shut down these hearings we are having and all of the crocodile tears being shed about what is happening in our society. How can all of this happen? We go into top secret briefings. We get told: Oh, they tapped into this. They cracked into that. People—Sen-ators—sit there, and they ‘‘tsk, tsk’’ as to how terrible it is. Then, simulta-neously, up here on the Senate floor, they say: Oh, by the way, we are just going to take away the right of a mother and father to say, ‘‘No, you cannot crack into the information that our family is putting online.’’ Oh, sure. You don’t want to get into the way of an entrepreneur who can figure out how to make money off of that. Why would we care about that? The absurdity of it all—the total ab-surdity of it all—is that all of these people who are ‘‘entrepreneurs’’ can get fabulously rich without compro-mising children’s privacy, grandma’s privacy. For somebody in the family who has a disease and just wants to go to that website and find out about that disease all by himself and who does not want anybody else in the family to know, why can’t he do that without won-dering whether everyone else who went that website is now going to have that information sold? The phone company or the cable company will say: Oh, great. Let’s go find the insurance com-pany that is in this region that would want to know that that person might have that disease. You might not want to give him insurance, especially after the Affordable Care Act is repealed by the Republicans. Who cares about that, right? You have no privacy. Get over it, say the Republicans. Get over it. Just think if we applied that to phone calls. What if people said the phone company should be able to sell the number of the person and the name of the person whom you called? How would you feel about that? Would you like that to be a product? You called this person at this time for a half an hour. Then you called that person back again another half an hour later. Then you called him again at night. Would you like people to know that—just as a product—and get the name, the num-ber, the time, and how long the call lasted? We have laws against that. Would you like people to know which channels you are switching to? Say you have a satellite dish and are switching from channel to channel, and at 11 o’clock at night, you are just going to stop on this channel. They know which channel you stopped on. I passed a law back in 1999 that pro-hibits that information of which chan-nel you stop on from ever being made public. You cannot sell that informa-tion. I am proud of that. Whose busi-ness is that? But it is there. They have it. They have that information. Now we have reached a broadband revolution. Oh, isn’t this great? Isn’t this a fantastic revolution? Didn’t it occur because there was a light touch? No, there was not a light touch. You see, we deregulated the telephone in-dustry and the cable industry so that we could have the broadband revolu-tion beginning in 1996. But here is the paradox of deregula-tion. The paradox of deregulation is that you need more regulations in order to make sure that the competing companies can gain access to the cap-ital markets to raise the money so as to finally put pressure on the telephone and cable companies to deploy broadband. That is the paradox of de-regulation. You need more, so you open it up to more competitors who then wind up forcing these companies to fi-nally deploy broadband even though they had it decades beforehand. Inter-esting, isn’t it? It is the paradox of de-regulation. You need more. Even as we did that, we knew that we were going to need privacy laws be-cause this aggregation of information is something that goes right to the heart of this kind of tension that exists in a capitalist society. Some people say: No rules. You are interfering with my ability to make money. That is what the car company said about airbags, and that is what the car company said about seatbelts: Do not mandate to have us put it in as it is going to undermine our product. But, over time, mothers and fathers finally said: No, no, no. You cannot do that. I don’t want the kids in the front seat with no seatbelts. I don’t want people in our family in the backseat with no seatbelts. The same thing is true with safety device after safety device. So privacy plays that role when we are talking about information. Now, if the first step is broadband, no privacy, then, logically, they should support the whole idea that if you are on your iPhone and you have called 50 people today, it is a product. So all of those people you called should be infor-mation the telephone company can sell. What would the argument be from the other side? The other side would say, that is a light touch. That is a light touch. It is going to make it pos-sible for the phone company to make more money. And believe me, they would make a lot of money if they could sell the information about who every American called all day long. Well, they don’t want to touch that because phones are still kind of sen-sitive. They don’t want to go there. But broadband, that is different. Websites, that is different. For some reason, that is different because what you are doing on the website, what you are doing with your email in the mod-ern era is what you do on your phone every day, right? It is what you do on your phone. So the goal has to be that we have the accountability for the Re-publicans as we do this, this evening. President Trump is constantly rail-ing about the fake violations of his pri-vacy—totally fake violations of his pri-vacy. You would think that a crime had been committed, but there wasn’t. It never happened. But the way he yells about it, it is almost un-American for anyone to compromise the privacy of him or anybody else. But these are going to be very real compromises of the privacy of ordinary people in our country. So I am just going to give to my col-leagues the little Constitution that is now on the books to provide protec-tions for all Americans. It is very sim-ple. It requires the broadband company to, No. 1, get consumer consent before using or sharing subscribers’ personal information—get your consent—No. 2, promote transparency by saying to the broadband company that they have to tell each consumer that they are actu-ally collecting this information about them. They have to constantly be tell-ing you that. No. 3 is to ensure that the broadband companies adopt data secu-rity protections and notify consumers if a breach occurs; that is, if all of this information is now wide open for God knows who—some hacker who has gained information—they have to put in the toughest possible security. Then, if it does get compromised, they have to tell the consumers immediately. They can’t delay a month because it might be bad PR, 2 months because they are afraid it is going to affect their bottom line. They have to let people know that their personal infor-mation has been compromised. So that is it. That is what is bugging them. That is what is bugging the Re-publicans. They want to make sure you don’t keep these protections. So what does that mean? Well, after we vote tomorrow, after the Repub-licans take these rules, these protec-tions off the books, after the internet service providers, or the ISPs, get what they want, ISP will no longer stand for ‘‘internet service provider.’’ It is going to stand for ‘‘information sold for prof-it.’’ It is going to stand for ‘‘invading subscriber privacy.’’ That is what ISP will stand for after tomorrow at noon-time, high noon—the end of privacy on-line, except for a light touch where it is voluntary. And we know these broadband companies are definitely voluntarily going to give the highest possible protections to American fami-lies. We know that. Because if they wanted the highest possible protec-tions, they have them right now. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.058 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1939 March 22, 2017 
want them off the books so they don’t have to do anything. It will be vol-untary. So these broadband behemoths want to take control away from the sub-scribers and relentlessly collect and sell your sensitive information without permission. It could be about your health, about your finances, about your children. It can track your loca-tion, draw a map of where you shop, where you work, where you eat, where your children go to school, and then sell that information to data brokers. That is going to be an incredibly profitable industry that the Repub-licans are opening up this week. Right now, they are drafting up their busi-ness plans, just a 3-by-5 card all across the country. They have already basi-cally decided that the Republicans are going to have these votes; so let’s get on with these new rules. The broadband industry says that they are an unnecessary burden, but, in fact, this whole area is one that actu-ally goes to the heart of who we are as Americans. I think that whether you are a very conservative person or a very liberal person, there should be a small core number of American values that brings us together, and I would put privacy in that group. We can fight over the Affordable Care Act. We can fight over how many new nuclear weap-ons we need. We can fight over gay marriage. We can fight over many, many issues—some of them religious, some of them just strategic in terms of what is best for our country moving forward—but how can we fight over your family’s privacy? I don’t under-stand the ideological differentiation that is artificially being created by the broadband companies’ insisting that the Republicans repeal those privacy laws because all of this is now going to be done without your consent, without your permission. If they wanted to document now how many times you search online for heart disease, breast cancer, opioid addiction treatments, and then sell that informa-tion to an insurance company, they are going to be able to do that. You are giving them permission just by sub-scribing. And you know what they say: Oh, the marketplace will work; you can just go to the other broadband pro-viders in town. Oh, there is no other broadband provider in town? You are in rural America? Oh, sorry, you have to use our company. Oh, there are no rules if you want to use our company— no rules. They will say: Well, let the market-place sort it out. What marketplace? Maximum, in most places, there are two companies you can have broadband service from, and they are both going to say privacy protection is voluntary. So there is no privacy. It is all going to happen without your consent, and they will just say: Oh, it is just so we can harmonize the rules. Yes, they are going to harmonize the rules. They are going to harmonize them so it is very efficient. You have the same non-existent voluntary guidelines that the broadband companies are going to put on the books. So you should want to choose, your-self, what information Verizon—if it discloses information about your fam-ily—gets to disclose. You should decide that, not Verizon. You should decide that. What they really want is to allow AT&T to choose whether it protects consumers’ sensitive information from breaches and unauthorized use, and guess what the broadband barons’ choice is going to be? They are going to choose to pocket their profits and throw your privacy out the door. Republicans want to sideline the Fed-eral Communications Commission—our broadband privacy cop on the beat— and create an unregulated Wild West where internet providers can do what-ever they want with your private infor-mation. They want to allow broadband companies to write their own privacy rules. That is like asking a burglar to program your security system. It makes no sense. Oh, come on in, Mr. Burglar, program my security system, and then you can do whatever you want in my living room when I am gone on vacation this weekend. Just take anything you want—any of my private information, any of my private furniture, anything you like in the house. So we know the broadband industry— your wireless, your cable, your tele-communications provider. They can’t self-regulate themselves. These same companies struggle to show up on time to install or to fix your service. You might have to wait all day to have the cable guy come and fix your cable sys-tem. They give you a range that goes like this: Well, we will be there be-tween 9 in the morning and 5 in the afternoon; right? And now they are saying: You can trust us. We are going to protect your privacy. You know we are the cable company. You know we are the broadband company. You can trust us. Do we really trust the broadband in-dustry to determine what privacy pro-tections they give to their customers? Strong broadband privacy rules mean that we don’t have to do anything. That is their definition. Let’s be clear. The big broadband barons want to monetize this. The subscribers have al-ready given them money. It costs a lot of money to subscribe to broadband service so the kids can have a 50-inch screen that is plugged in to be able to see all of these things that are on the incredible multidimensional, multi-functional screens. We are already pay-ing a fortune for it. But they say that is not enough. That is not enough. We need, say the broadband companies, to ensure that we can also make more money, and then taking all that infor-mation by invading your privacy and selling it. Broadband providers want to do more than simply provide Ameri-cans access to the internet. They want to sell that privacy information to the highest bidder. This brings us to the great divide be-tween ISPs and those who wish to pro-tect the free and the open internet. The 21st century broadband internet is not a luxury. It is an essential tele-communications service, just like tele-phone service. Just as telephone com-panies cannot sell information about Americans’ phone calls, an internet service provider should not be allowed to sell sensitive consumer information without affirmative consent of that family. In fact, by putting the broadband pri-vacy rules on the books, the FCC did harmonize privacy protections. They harmonized broadband privacy protec-tions with the privacy framework that has prevented telephone companies from mining and selling information about our phone conversations for dec-ades. Yes, that is what they did at the FCC. They said: the same protections for broadband information as we have for phone company information when you are dialing the numbers of people all day long. That is how they har-monized it. They said that in the 21st century, broadband is the essential service that the phone was in the 20th century, and the information on both should be given the same level of pro-tection. That is harmonization. That is a reflection of the revolution that took place in telecommunications in the 1996 Telecommunications Act. That is what they are trying to take off the books—the harmonization of the stand-ards that go back to grandma and grandpa. They made sure in 1934, when the Communications Act was written, that those protections were there. But, somehow or other, in 2017, it is no longer important that people don’t know whom you called, that people don’t know whom you are online inter-acting with. So why did they do it? Well, they did it because broadband and telephone services are essential telecommuni-cations services that Americans rely upon to thrive in the modern economy. The Federal Communications Commis-sion, last year, under Barack Obama, just made sure that you got the same privacy protections. Broadband and telephone companies should not be al-lowed to exploit their privileged posi-tions as telecom gatekeepers to use, to share, to sell sensitive information about Americans’ online activities or phone calls. Yet, here we are, chipping away fundamental broadband privacy protections from the American public. Now, all of this begs the question: What other privacy protections are the Republicans now going to put on the chopping block? Do they now oppose the FCC’s rules preventing telephone companies from collecting, using, and selling sensitive information about Americans’ phone calls? They certainly oppose the FCC’s rules for preventing broadband companies from partaking in similar interests and practices. Now, the broadband industry will tell us that these rules are unfair because they are different from the privacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.059 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1940 March 22, 2017 
rules for websites—Google, Facebook. Why should there be different rules? Well, every person out there knows what the difference between Google and the broadband provider is. Google is one app; it is not thousands of apps. So the whole argument is fallacious from the get-go. When you use Google, you understand what your relationship is with Google. When you use ESPN.com, you know what the rela-tionship is with ESPN.com. But when you are using every service, now you are talking about the broadband com-panies. They are the only ones that know everything about you, what you are doing online, all day long, every single day. That is under the jurisdic-tion of the Federal Communications Commission, following along their su-pervision of the telephone industry, which they have had rules on the books to ensure that information can’t be sold without your permission. Why is this so important? It is im-portant because in the 21st century, having broadband service is like having oxygen in your lungs. Everyone uses it. Everyone is using it all day long. Ev-eryone’s information is in the hands of these companies. People might as well stop breathing as to disconnect from their broadband provider. That is why we need strong rules—not self-regula-tion—to prevent the internet service providers from mining and selling our data without consent. This is, for me, a historic fight to de-fend America’s fundamental right to privacy. The broadband industry will say that if we don’t take these rules off the books, subscribers will be confused. There will be one set of standards for the individual website and another set of standards for the entire broadband internet service provider industry. Frankly, consumers are only more con-fused about why we aren’t doing more to tackle these important privacy issues. Consumers are confused about why we are spending time on the Sen-ate floor taking away privacy protec-tions. Consumers are confused about why we would allow broadband compa-nies to sell their sensitive information to banks, to insurance companies, to advertisers, to anyone else willing to pay top dollar for your personal infor-mation without your consent. They are confused about why we would rescind the rules ensuring broadband providers adhere to the best data security prac-tices protecting subscribers’ sensitive information from breaches and unau-thorized use, when we know there are unauthorized hacks every single day. We are in a historic fight to defend America’s fundamental right to pri-vacy online, a fight to allow con-sumers, innovators, entrepreneurs, the millions of Americans all across this country who rely upon the internet to control their own information. Instead of protecting our healthcare, instead of protecting our environment and protecting our privacy, Repub-licans want to give it all away to their friends and allies and big corporations. Those corporations don’t care about consumer rights. They have one con-cern, and one concern only, and that is their bottom line. That is making money. The cornerstone of our country is capitalism with a conscience—with a conscience. Massachusetts’ unemploy-ment rate is 3.2 percent. We are proud of that. We are a capitalist State. Mas-sachusetts is proud to have one of the lowest unemployment rates in our country. We believe in capitalism, but we also believe we can have capitalism with a conscience. In this instance, it means the protection of the privacy of people online, from having that fam-ily’s sacred, secret information com-promised for a profit, with no ability— no ability, no right, none—for a family to say no. Take the broadband service or leave it. If you take it, you have no privacy. The only people in this country who can protect those families are 100 Sen-ators who will be voting tomorrow. I ask the Republican Senators, why would they strip this privacy protec-tion from ordinary families? Why would they deny the right? All I can say is, overnight, all we can really say is we tried. We really tried to protect the privacy of Americans. That vote tomorrow will represent that show-down moment. If we lose, please, out of good con-science, Republicans, just stop all this public concern about the compromise, the privacy, the President, the na-tional security apparatus in our coun-try. Believe me, the ordinary American is going to be made far more vulnerable tomorrow than anything any Russian entity is ever going to do. It is going to be what we did to ourselves, what we allowed to happen to our own citizens at the hands of their own United States Senate that is going to be a far greater threat to every ordinary family in our country. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote from my fellow colleagues on the Senate floor tomor-row. This goes right to the heart of whether we understand technology, we understand the responsibility we have for the American people, to protect them from the worst aspects of it. There is a Dickensian quality to the internet: It is the best of technologies, and it is the worst of technologies, si-multaneously. This technology can en-able. It can ennoble. We want that to be extracted from the internet. But it can also degrade. It can also debase. It is the job of the U.S. Senate to protect the American people from that aspect of the internet. Tomorrow, if the Re-publicans have their way, they will re-move the protections of the privacy of Americans and allow for an expansion of the degrading and the debasing of the privacy that ordinary Americans are entitled to in our country. I thank the Presiding Officer for giv-ing me the opportunity to be here. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:07 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, March 23, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MR6.060 S22MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE361 March 22, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO SYLVIA BARNARD— CALIFORNIA’S 24TH CONGRES-SIONAL WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Every year, we dedicate the month of March to give spe-cial recognition to the accomplishments and sacrifices made by America’s women. I con-sider it an honor to highlight the extraordinary women who are making a difference in my district. I would like to recognize one out-standing woman: Sylvia Barnard, of Santa Maria, California. After facing incredible challenges in her early life, Sylvia has risen to not only empower herself, but other women facing similar difficul-ties in our community. Once a single mother on welfare at nineteen years old, Sylvia de-cided that pursuing a higher education was the best way to ensure a better life for her and her daughter and went on to get her Bach-elor’s Degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB). Wanting to help other single mothers, Sylvia used her education from UCSB to write a book titled ‘‘One Mother to Another.’’ Her book focuses on the impor-tance of determination, resilience, and the positive impact of higher education. Currently, she passionately dedicates her-self to leading The Good Samaritan Shelter, which gives support to the homeless and other vulnerable populations, serving almost 2,000 people per year. The agency also helps vet-erans, parolees, mothers fighting addictions, and those in rehabilitation. As the Executive Director, Sylvia has grown the small agency from a shelter that had only eight rooms to one that now has over fifteen rooms for peo-ple to escape living on the street. Sylvia began working at the Great Samari-tan Shelter over sixteen years ago as a grant writer, and about ten years ago took the helm of the organization. Under the helm of her leadership, the shelter is now the largest homeless shelter provider for the Santa Maria area. She has gone above and beyond the call of duty and is a force of light and positivity for vulnerable communities in Santa Maria. I ask all Members to join me today in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 24th Con-gressional District, Sylvia Barnard, for her in-credible service to her community. 
f 
HONORING MS. LEONA EGELAND RICE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Leona Egeland Rice upon her retirement after over four decades of public service and leadership in California. Ms. Rice has served our state as a teacher, an elected official, and an advocate for quality healthcare. A native of Tucson, Arizona, Ms. Egeland Rice came to California to earn a master’s de-gree in education at San Jose State Univer-sity. She stayed in California as she began her family and her career as a science teach-er. While political issues always interested her, Ms. Egeland Rice first became personally in-volved in the public sphere through her instru-mental role in the campaign to build a new sewage treatment plan to prevent ocean pollu-tion. After the success of her first community or-ganizing experience, Ms. Egeland Rice found a new passion for local involvement. She worked with the Santa Clara County Super-visor’s office to ensure women were appointed to boards and commissions in the county. In 1974, she launched her first campaign for the California State Assembly and won with over 57 percent of the vote. When she took office, only one other woman served in the State As-sembly. Ms. Egeland Rice later led the charge to change members’ title from ‘‘Assemblyman’’ to ‘‘Assembly Member’’ to reflect the body’s growing diversity. During her three terms in the Assembly, Ms. Egeland Rice successfully championed impor-tant legislation to improve children’s welfare, public health, and access to healthcare across the state. After leaving the State Assembly, Ms. Rice became Chief Deputy Director for the California Department of Human Services, where she established an office in Los Ange-les and worked on maternal and children’s health. Ms. Egeland Rice returned to Northern Cali-fornia to spend time with her family in 1998. There she began working with The Doctors Company, a physician-owned insurance com-pany. She helped lead the company’s growth over the past two decades, and served as Senior Vice President of Government Rela-tions as well as Executive Director of the com-pany’s charitable foundation. As The Doctors Company expanded beyond California, Ms. Egeland Rice developed partnerships with other state governments. Furthermore, she championed the Corporate Charitable program and implemented an Employee Charitable Gift Matching program. Mr. Speaker, Leona Egeland Rice has served as a dedicated and influential teacher, public servant, and business leader in our community for over four decades. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor Ms. Egeland Rice here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 176, 177, 178, 179, 180 and 181. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on votes 178 and 181. I would have voted Nay on votes 176, 177, 179 and 180. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANN ARBOR’S BOY SCOUT TROOP 4 IN THE CENTENNIAL YEAR OF ITS FOUNDING 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ann Arbor’s Boy Scout Troop 4 in the year of its centennial. Boy Scout Troop 4 has been a pillar of the Ann Arbor community and has contributed to the well-being of south-east Michigan through its century of activism and service. Founded in March 1917 with an original membership of ten boys and three adult lead-ers, Boy Scout Troop 4 has provided Ann Arbor youth with skills and experience while serving the community at large. The group ex-panded rapidly during the 1920s and 30s and established itself as a key part of Ann Arbor civic life. The troop has continued to build on its early success and has collectively served over 1,800 boys from Ann Arbor and the sur-rounding areas since its founding, including over 150 that have achieved the rank of Eagle Scout. Today, Troop 4 continues to remain ac-tive in Ann Arbor through projects like Scout-ing for Food, which provides nutrition to needy individuals, as well as staffing local events like Kerrytown Bookfest and the Saline Celtic Fes-tival. Additionally, the troop hosts camping events and trips for scouts around the state. These initiatives equip the Boy Scouts with ex-perience and ability to become leaders in the community. Troop 4’s long and distinguished history of service has helped create generations of civic- minded individuals who have the skills and ex-perience that will serve them throughout their lives. Through projects like restoring the St. Helena Light Station and visits to cultural insti-tutions like the Cranbrook Institute and the Jackson Space Institute, the leadership and members of Troop 4 have continued to build on its historic legacy and the accomplishments of its alumni. It is my hope that Troop 4 con-tinues to serve as a model for activism and help inspire leadership and a spirit of service in the community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ann Arbor’s Boy Scout Troop 4 on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.001 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE362 March 22, 2017 
its centennial in recognition of the troop’s dis-tinguished history. The troop has played a key role in the growth and development of the state through its service projects and cultiva-tion of a new generation of community lead-ers. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAWN ADDIS—CALI-FORNIA’S 24TH CONGRESSIONAL WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Every year, we dedicate the month of March to give spe-cial recognition to the accomplishments and sacrifices made by America’s women. I con-sider it an honor to highlight the extraordinary women who are making a difference in my District. I would like to recognize one out-standing woman: Dawn Addis, of Morro Bay, California. Dawn saw the need for women in San Luis Obispo County to rise together and vocalize their demand for equal rights, which led to her becoming the co-founder and co-organizer of the Women’s March San Luis Obispo (SLO). Her hard work and dedication granted San Luis Obispo County residents the opportunity to participate in the single biggest one-day demonstration in our nation’s history. Dawn of-fered her community a platform to join a larger movement and have their voices be heard. Because of Dawn’s leadership, about 10,000 people marched in unity through the streets of downtown San Luis Obispo. She also ensured that the march remained peace-ful and non-violent by working with the San Luis Obispo Police Chief. She worked from various community members to organize a successful, inclusive and safe event. The re-sponse from San Luis Obispo citizens about restoring their hope for the future was a testi-mony for the importance of Dawn’s work. Dawn’s leadership empowered women from across San Luis Obispo County and allowed them to take part in a larger national con-versation. I ask all Members to join me today in honoring an exceptional woman of Califor-nia’s 24th Congressional District, Dawn Addis, for her incredible service to her community. 
f 
MEMPHIS COMMERCIAL APPEAL OP-ED 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following op-ed I recently wrote for the Memphis Commercial Appeal: 
Last year, then-candidate Donald Trump condescendingly said to African Americans, ‘‘You live in your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs . . . What the hell do you have to lose?’’ We now know the answer: a lot. Changes at the Department of Justice (DOJ), alone, are alarming. Instead of serv-ing its traditional role as guardian of civil rights, DOJ is in full retreat. It has reversed course on voting rights, abandoning opposi-tion to a Texas voter ID law in which a fed-eral court found 600,000 registered voters did not have IDs necessary to vote. Instead of protecting citizens from police who illegally discriminate against African Americans, Attorney General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III has stated he does not favor the type of consent decrees used in Baltimore and Chicago to remediate condi-tions. Sessions has also rolled back President Obama’s efforts to phase out private prisons. African Americans not only make up a dis-proportionate share of the U.S. prison popu-lation, but appear more likely to be sent to private prisons, where the DOJ Inspector General has warned there are more security incidents than in public prisons. Sessions has threatened to thwart the will of voters in states that have legalized mari-juana. African Americans are three times more likely than whites are to be arrested for marijuana, despite usage being virtually the same. The new Education Secretary thinks HBCUs, ‘‘are the real pioneers when it comes to school choice.’’ This is ignorant of seg-regation that necessitated the creation of HBCUs. Betsy DeVos has an education record that does not bode well for public schools, which have provided a path for African Americans to achieve the American Dream. The new HUD Secretary, Dr. Ben Carson, said within days of assuming office that slaves were ‘‘immigrants,’’ a comment that bewildered many, including the NAACP. The President’s recently-released budget pro-posal cuts $6 billion from this agency that so many rely on. The outlook for a minimum wage increase under this Administration is nil. The Presi-dent’s first pick to head the Department of Labor opposed a raise, despite there not hav-ing been one since 2009. According to the Economic Policy Institute, 35 percent of Af-rican-American workers would benefit from a minimum wage increase. Critical programs that help the most vul-nerable such as Meals on Wheels, heating and energy assistance, and nutrition aid to women and children (WIC) would be dras-tically cut or eliminated in the President’s budget. In addition, the budget eliminates Community Development Block Grants and HOME programs that provide affordable housing for low-income residents. Legal Services Corporation, which helps those who cannot afford legal representation, and the Minority Business Development Agency, which helps promote minority-owned busi-nesses, would be eliminated. Massive cuts to these vital programs would be devastating to Memphis. While these cuts would have a dispropor-tional impact on African Americans, most cuts will affect all those who are economi-cally disadvantaged and in need of govern-ment assistance. Republicans are also rushing a health care plan that takes from low and middle-income families and gives to the rich. According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Of-fice, 24 million more Americans would be un-insured by 2026 under this plan. Insurance costs for citizens over 50 years of age would increase dramatically, and financial assist-ance would be drastically cut for those in need. All while millionaires and billionaires receive massive tax breaks. During Black History Month, Trump showed his ignorance of the African Amer-ican experience when he suggested Frederick Douglas was alive. His cabinet is on pace to have the fewest African Americans of any administration in recent memory. While some African Americans have en-joyed prosperity and acceptance, it is unde-niable that African Americans still suffer from vestiges of slavery and Jim Crow. Dis-crimination and institutional racism have held so many back and left many in need of government relief. Over the last half cen-tury, much of America’s progress has been measured by how it has dealt with its origi-nal sin of slavery. Civil rights, voting rights, advances in health care, public education, social justice and ladders of opportunity to enter the middle class have been markers by which we have judged presidential adminis-trations. Sadly, this administration is fail-ing on all counts. f CONGRATULATING JERRY ANDER-SON FOR HIS INTRODUCTION INTO THE OHIO ASSOCIATED PRESS HALL OF FAME 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to recog-nize WTOL’s Emmy Award-winning anchor, Jerry Anderson, for his election to the Ohio Associated Press Hall of Fame. For more than 40 years, Jerry has served Northwest Ohio as a valued and trustworthy face on the local news, and this honor is well deserved. In 1974, Jerry Anderson started his career in Bowling Green on the radio airwaves for WFOB. Jerry began his television news career in 1980, and he has become one of the top media members in the region. Jerry was awarded an Emmy for Outstanding News An-chor in the NATAS region in 2001. With a career that has touched on local, re-gional, and national news, Jerry covered countless important events to the people of Toledo and surrounding areas. So far in his career, Jerry has brought four national political conventions, the inaugurations of three presi-dents, and Pope John Paul II’s visit to Detroit into the living room of families in Northwest Ohio. A proud Ohioan, Jerry should also be cele-brated for support of local charitable efforts, including earning his certification as an auc-tioneer so he may volunteer for more than 20 charity auctions annually. Jerry also donates numerous hours as an emcee at community events to help raise funding for local schools, disadvantaged families, and individuals with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, the Ohio Associated Press Hall of Fame recognizes broadcasters that have ‘‘served with exceptional distinction and honor in the field of journalism.’’ When you think of the upstanding work he has done for over four decades, it’s clear those words de-scribe Jerry Anderson. Once again, congratu-lations to Jerry on this high honor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY WEISS—CALI-FORNIA’S 24TH CONGRESSIONAL WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Every year, we dedicate the month of March to give spe-cial recognition to the accomplishments and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.003 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE363 March 22, 2017 
sacrifices made by America’s women. I con-sider it an honor to highlight the extraordinary women who are making a difference in my District. I would like to recognize one out-standing woman: Nancy Weiss, of Santa Bar-bara, California. After graduating from Boston University, Nancy attended the Culinary Institute with the hope of becoming one of the nation’s best chefs. Soon after graduating from the Culinary Institute, she went to work for chef Gabino Sotelino. Nancy quickly became the head chef of a restaurant in Arizona, but wanted to cre-ate a place of her own. She opened an upscale pizzeria called Pop’s, and two years after the opening her restaurant was featured on a PBS television special titled ‘‘Great Chefs of the West.’’ Now, Nancy is the Director of Food Services for the Santa Barbara School District (SBUSD), and she has revolutionized food service for our students to an incredibly high standard. She has eradicated fried foods, high fructose corn syrup, and frozen entrees from the menu to give students the healthiest choices for their daily meals. Nancy has also made an enormous mark on making public school cafeterias more environmentally friend-ly by banning Styrofoam trays. Nancy is dedicated to the health of her stu-dents, and guarantees that every fruit and vegetable are sourced from local Santa Bar-bara farmers. Nancy has also enlisted a fleet of six food trucks to serve students at elemen-tary schools without a cafeteria, and two pre- school sites without meal programs. Nancy wants to ensure that our students can eat well during the summer months, and has expanded her responsibilities to include serving Santa Barbara’s kids over school vacations. She has gone above and beyond the call of duty and has led the way for current and fu-ture Food Service Directors. I ask all Members to join me today in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 24th Congressional Dis-trict, Nancy Weiss, for her incredible service to her community. 
f 
DUNK CITY 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Florida Gulf Coast University with their return into March Madness for a second year in a row. The Ea-gles scored a big win against the No. 3 seed North Florida on Sunday. This is the third NCAA Tournament appearance for the Eagles since 2013. I applaud the Florida Gulf Coast Eagles and Head Coach Dooley for their victory. There is a reason why FGCU is known as Dunk City— now go shut down more shot clocks. THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS AND ITS IMPACT IN THE THIRTIETH DISTRICT OF TEXAS HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the National Endowment for the Arts was established in 1965 as an investment in our shared culture as a nation. President Lyndon Johnson at the signing ceremony for the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act stated that ‘‘In the long history of man, countless empires and nations have come and gone. Those which created no last-ing works of art are reduced today to short footnotes in history’s catalog.’’ I could not agree with this statement more. Over the past five years, the NEA has pro-vided grants totaling more than $1.4 million to local artists and organizations within the thir-tieth district of Texas. In return, these artists and organizations have shared their unique forms of expression throughout the region by creating programs focused on uniting commu-nities around art, bringing arts awareness to underserved areas, and strengthening arts education programs in our local schools. In his first budget request, the President has proposed to eliminate the NEA. I believe the elimination of this agency would be a grave mistake that would have a negative economic, educational, and cultural impact on countless urban and rural communities across the coun-try. Programs such as the Dallas City of Learn-ing, which provides a summer education pro-gram for more than 35,000 students, would not be as successful as they are today without support from the NEA. Countless perform-ances, exhibitions, and festivals would be af-fected by this disastrous policy proposal. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly oppose the President’s budget proposal which calls for eliminating funding to the National Endowment for the Arts. We must ensure that arts pro-grams across the country are funded so that future generations will understand the culture of our time instead of this great period being a mere footnote in history. 
f 
HONORING MILFORD ‘‘BUDDY’’ BOSTICK 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Milford ‘‘Buddy’’ Bostick of Waco, Texas, who passed away on January 4, 2017. Buddy Bostick selflessly served our nation and Central Texas in so many ways, and he will be missed greatly. Buddy was born on May 18, 1918 in McLennan County, Texas. He graduated from Moody High School and later attended Baylor University, where he started his journalism ca-reer as a radio announcer for WACO Radio. Here Buddy planted the seeds of what would become a successful career in media broad-casting. Upon graduating, Buddy worked as a radio announcer in Tennessee and Arkansas before eventually returning to Texas. He served his country during World War II as part of the Army Air Corps and upon returning home he continued to pursue his goal of owning his own radio station. He would ultimately do so much more. In 1955, Buddy obtained a license to launch KWTX-TV in Waco and two years later he launched KBTX-TV in Bryan. Since their founding, these two CBS affiliates have provided news and entertainment to hundreds of *thousands of families throughout Central Texas. In fact, KBTX was one of the first sta-tions capable of color transmission, and was the first in the Brazos Valley to use color news film. Buddy would go on to establish other tele-vision and radio stations across Texas and even into Louisiana. Then, in the 1970s he and a business partner purchased a control-ling interest in the local Beilmead State Bank, changed the name to American Bank, and ex-panded it to a second location. Buddy took a risk at the time when he chose to establish a television station in a town with a population of just 20,000. The media landscape in the 1950’s was dominated by radio and newspapers. Yet Buddy had a vi-sion and the desire to invest in a new form media to serve the public. In this endeavor, he was the epitome of a businessman and entre-preneur. Above all, he was a family man. He met his wife, Virginia, while attending Baylor University, and they were married for 74 years before she passed away in 2014. They are survived by their two daughters, Ellen and Martha, and ten grandchildren and great- grandchildren. Buddy was often quoted say-ing, ‘‘nothing lasts forever.’’ Though I am con-fident that one thing will—Buddy Bostick’s leg-acy will have an impact for generations to come. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the entire Bostick family. We also lift up the family and friends of Buddy in our prayers. As I close, I ask that all Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women, who protect us abroad, and for our first responders, who protect us here at home. f 
TRIBUTE TO SUZANNE CURTIS— CALIFORNIA’S 24TH CONGRES-SIONAL WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Every year, we dedicate the month of March to give spe-cial recognition to the accomplishments and sacrifices made by America’s women. I con-sider it an honor to highlight the extraordinary women who are making a difference in my District. I would like to recognize one out-standing woman: Suzanne Curtis, of San Luis Obispo, California. Suzanne is one of the quiet heroes of her community by selflessly contributing her time and resources over several years to the local American Red Cross and victims of fires. She is a Volunteer Coordinator of the San Luis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.003 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE364 March 22, 2017 
Obispo chapter of the American Red Cross, and is tirelessly working to aid victims of nat-ural disasters. Last year, San Luis Obispo County faced a devastating fire that consumed nearly 4,000 acres and forced residents to evacuate their homes. During the Chimney Fire, Suzanne was instrumental to securing people shelter and ensuring and assisting in their recovery from the disaster. She continues to help natural disaster vic-tims by serving as the local Red Cross Dis-aster Action Team dispatcher. In this capacity, she aids community members affected by house fires, earthquakes, and flooding. Her dedication to San Luis Obispo County’s dis-aster victims is volunteered, and Suzanne gives most of her free time to working on be-half of others and protecting her fellow com-munity members’ safety. As a retired U.S. Army Chief Warrant Offi-cer, Suzanne continues to be a passionate supporter of our troops and local veterans. She is always willing to extend a helping hand to those who need it. She set up a scholarship specifically for women veterans at Cuesta Col-lege, which is the sole funding available for them. Suzanne has been a champion for natural disaster victims and selflessly works for those who need it most. I ask all Members to join me today in honoring an exceptional woman of California’s 24th Congressional District, Su-zanne Curtis, for her incredible service to her community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HENRI LANDWIRTH, FOUNDER OF DIG-NITY U WEAR 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in recognizing an ex-traordinary leader, Mr. Henri Landwirth, for the incredible impact he has had on countless in-dividuals not only in Jacksonville but also across the country. Born March 7, 1927, in Belgium, Henri Landwirth, along with his family, was arrested for being Jewish. He spent five years in a con-centration camp and survived the Holocaust. At 18, Henri immigrated to the United States with only a Torah and a little money. Soon after his arrival, he joined the United States Army and served during the Korean War. Following his military service, Landwirth used his G.I. benefits to take a course in hotel management and began work in a New York City hotel. He used every opportunity to work hard and advance through every job in the business and eventually moved to Florida to own his own hotel. He enjoyed a successful career in the hotel industry and became a philanthropist starting the Fanny Landwirth Foundation in 1985 in memory of his mother. The mission of the Fanny Landwirth Foundation is ‘‘to enrich, educate and empower underserved children and families’’ by supporting basic needs such as food, shelter, clothing and education. A trip to Jacksonville’s Sulzbacher Center for the homeless and his memory of having no clothes when he was incarcerated at Ausch-witz led him to found Dignity U Wear, which to date has provided over 9 million pieces of clothing valued at over $160 million to those in need. Henri once said, ‘‘From the darkness of con-centration camps grew many compassionate courageous and generous souls.’’ Henri Landwirth’s vision to become a courageous and generous soul has been proven true in the thousands of people he’s helped over the years. His unwavering commitment and dedi-cation to his community is immeasurable. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Henri Landwirth for his strong leadership and unyielding commit-ment to philanthropy and our community. f 
VETERANS 2ND AMENDMENT PROTECTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 16, 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD two letters from the Na-tional Disabilities Rights Network and the Na-tional Rifle Association in support of H.R. 1181: 
NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION  
OFAMERICA , Washington, DC, March 7, 2017. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROE: I am pleased to write on behalf of the National Rifle Association in support of H.R. 1181, the ‘‘Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act.’’ This bill would address an ongoing problem over the past 12 years in which veterans and veterans’ family members for whom fidu-ciaries have been appointed by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs are deemed to have been ‘‘adjudicated as . . . mental defective[s]’’ and prohibited from possessing or receiving firearms. Such an appointment is not necessarily based on any finding that the veteran is a danger to himself or herself or to others. Fortunately, the NICS Improvement Amendment Act of 2007 provided these indi-viduals with the opportunity to seek relief from that legal disability. However, your bill goes one step further in protecting the rights of veterans and family members, by ensuring that no VA proceeding going forward will prevent a person from exercising his or her Second Amendment rights unless a judicial authority has found that the person’s mental incapacity or disorder actually makes him or her dangerous. We wish you success in moving forward with this important protection for the rights of those who have served our country. Please don’t hesitate to call me. Sincerely, J
ASON M. Q UIMET , Director of Federal Affairs. 
NATIONAL DISABILITY  R
IGHTS NETWORK , Washington, DC, March 17, 2017. Re National Disability Rights Network let-ter of support for H.R. 1181, the Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Veterans’ Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROE: The National Dis-ability Rights Network (NDRN) writes in support of H.R. 1181, the ‘‘Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act’’. We appreciate your strong advocacy on this important topic. The National Disability Rights Network (NDRN) is the non-profit membership organi-zation for the federally mandated Protection and Advocacy (P&A) and Client Assistance Program (CAP) systems for individuals with disabilities. The P&As and CAPs were estab-lished by the United States Congress to pro-tect the rights of people with disabilities and their families through legal support, advo-cacy, referral, and education. P&As and CAPs are in all 50 states, the District of Co-lumbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Terri-tories (American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, and the US Virgin Islands), and there is a P&A and CAP affiliated with the Native American Consortium which in-cludes the Hopi, Navaho and San Juan Southern Paiute Nations in the Four Corners region of the Southwest. Collectively, the P&A and CAP Network is the largest pro-vider of legally based advocacy services to people with disabilities in the United States. H.R. 1181 prohibits the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, from considering a veteran to be adjudicated as ‘‘mentally defective’’ for purposes of the right to receive or transport firearms without the order or finding of a ju-dicial authority that such person is a danger to himself or herself or others. We oppose the reporting of names without full adjudication for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message of a policy that fo-cuses on reporting individuals who, for ex-ample, receive assistance in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The cur-rent public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the VA policy will reinforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between a bene-ficiary who is assisted by a fiduciary and a propensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections by not requiring an adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction. Al-though the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agencies to transmit the names of in-dividuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the capacity to manage their own af-fairs, VA’s process does not, without a deci-sion of a judicial authority, constitute an ad-judication. Veterans should not lose the Con-stitutional rights they have fought to pro-tect and defend without proper due process. We urge Congress to act, through passing H.R. 1181, to prevent the damage the current VA practice to report names of veterans with disabilities to the NICS background check system without proper adjudication is caus-ing on veterans with disabilities. Please contact Amanda Lowe, Senior Pub-lic Policy Analyst with any questions. Sincerley, CURTDECKER , Executive Director. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I voted, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on passage of H.R. 1259, the VA Accountability First Act of 2017 (Roll Call No. 168). This bill contains provisions that infringe on the collective bar-gaining and due process rights of Veterans Af-fairs’ employees. Should this legislation be-come public law, it would have a damaging ef-fect on patient care and VA recruitment, lim-iting the agency’s efficiency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.004 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE365 March 22, 2017 
IN SUPPORT FOR RECOGNITION OF WORLD WATER DAY 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, every year on March 22nd we recognize World Water Day. It highlights drinking water is a basic right denied to many. According to the United Nations fact sheet for World Water Day of 2017, a source of drinking water contaminated with feces, which puts them at risk of contracting cholera, dys-entery, typhoid and polio. Unsafe water, poor sanitation and 842,000 deaths each year.’’ This is a reality for people around the world in-cluding here in the United States. Flint, Michigan has been without clean drinking water for almost two years. There were high levels of lead in the water supply which is contributing to a growing number of chronic illnesses in the region. It was not until this month that the EPA awarded funds to re-pair the pipe system in the city of Flint to hopefully decrease the amounts of lead. Un-fortunately, Flint is not the only city struggling in this capacity. Last year, Reuters published an article that announced thousands of other cities had dangerous levels of lead in their water systems. This is an unacceptable reality that cannot remain ignored. The health of Americans, especially children and the elderly will remain at risk daily if this problem remains unchecked. Under Trump’s new executive order, ‘‘Re-storing the Rule of Law, Federalism, and Eco-nomic Growth by reviewing the ’Waters of the United States’ Rule,’’ rolls back the landmark environmental rule that allows the government to limit the amount of pollution that enters into our streams, rivers, and wetlands. Originally the rule protected 60 percent of water sources in the U.S.; however, under this administra-tion, whose primary concern seems to be pro-tecting big business and corporations, these water sources are at risk. As Members of Congress, we must take steps to protect our water supply as a matter of public health. We need to address the situ-ations in cities where lives are in danger due to contaminated water, both in the U.S. and around the world. 
f 
REGARDING THE LIFE OF JESSE O. ADCOCK 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Jesse O. Adcock who passed away this past Thursday, March 16, 2017. Mr. Adcock was born on March 8, 1924 in Neshoba County, MS, in the Arlington Community. During World War II Mr. Adcock joined the U.S. Army Air Corps, and was assigned to the Eighth Air Force. While there he flew 35 mis-sions in the B–17 and was awarded the Pur-ple Heart and other distinguished decorations for his heroic service. He also served in the Berlin Airlift prior to retiring from the Air Force in 1967. Mr. Adcock returned home to Mississippi and entered the real estate business in Biloxi. He became invloved in several business and civic associations including the Mississippi Re-altors Association, Biloxi Businessman’s Club and the Gulf Coast Apartment Association. He built and owned several apartment complexes, and the successful business he started over 50 years ago continues to operate today. Mr. Adcock was very involved with politics and government at all levels and was ap-pointed to serve on the Mississippi Medicaid Commission by Governor William Waller. He later served as the commission’s chairman. Mr. Adcock was not only interested in serv-ing his state, but his faith community as well. He was a member of First Baptist Church of Biloxi and served in various leadership posi-tions until moving to Hattiesburg in 1994, where he became an active member of Ven-ture Church. Mr. Adcock’s service to his nation, state and community will always be remembered and I am proud to recognize his life of service be-fore the United States Congress. f 
RECOGNITION OF INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR THE ELIMINATION OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was International Day for the Elimi-nation of Racial Discrimination. It is no secret that hate and racism are very much still alive today. Society is often racist and prejudiced against minority individuals, because of the color of their skin or where they come from. Men and women are denied jobs, migrant sta-tus, or even killed because of racial discrimi-nation. The Southern Poverty Law Center’s Hate Group Map indicates that the number of hate groups has grown for two years in a row. The SPLC map also demonstrates that cur-rently there are more than 900 organizations in existence whose primary purpose is to drive a narrative of hate, discrimination, and intimi-dation. Additionally, a Pew research study showed racial tensions are perceived to have worsened by 38 percent of people since Presi-dent Obama’s first term. The same study indi-cated that African-Americans are about twice as likely as whites to feel that it is in fact dis-crimination that is preventing the success of Black Americans. The FBI’s 2016 hate crime report reveals that hate crimes against Mus-lims grew by 67 percent in just one year. This administration’s rhetoric has encour-aged behavior that is aggressive and intoler-ant. This is not reflective of America and our values. We must be diligent in our efforts to minimize and eliminate racial discrimination from all facets of society and our political nar-rative. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, March 23, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 27 12 noon Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colo-rado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, and Ra-chel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, both of the Depart-ment of Justice. SD–226 MARCH 28 9:30 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, focusing on the role of financial companies. SD–538 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the United States’ increasing dependence on for-eign sources of minerals and opportuni-ties to rebuild and improve the supply chain in the United States. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine protecting young athletes from sexual abuse. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the view from Congress, focusing on United States policy on Iran. SD–419 2:15 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Energy To hold hearings to examine the cyberse-curity threats to the United States electric grid and technology advance-ments to minimize such threats, in-cluding S. 79, to provide for the estab-lishment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain enti-ties in the energy sector. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.011 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE366 March 22, 2017 
2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on Depart-ment of Defense worldwide policy and strategy and the Fiscal Year 2017 De-fense Supplemental Budget Request. SVC–217 Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife To hold hearings to examine S. 518, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for technical as-sistance for small treatment works, S. 675, to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Water Infra-structure Flexibility Act of 2017’’. SD–406 MARCH 29 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine closing the skills gap and boosting United States competitiveness. SD–G50 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine cleaning up our nation’s Cold War legacy sites. SD–406 10:15 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine United State-Mexico relationship, focusing on advancing security and prosperity on both sides of the border. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine a review of the defense health program and mili-tary medicine funding. SD–192 2:15 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the health of the Department of Defense indus-trial base, and its role in providing readiness to the warfighter. SR–232A Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on security issues. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine civil society perspectives on Russia. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation. SD–G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine the effect of borrowing on Federal spending. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine native youth, focusing on promoting diabetes prevention through healthy living. SD–628 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine the arc of Alzheimer’s, focusing on preventing cognitive decline in Americans to as-suring quality care for those living with the disease. SD–106 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine how small businesses confront and shape regula-tions. SR–428A 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization. SR–222 MARCH 30 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the poten-tial for infrastructure improvements to create jobs and reduce the cost of liv-ing through all-of-the-above energy and mineral production in Alaska. SD–366 APRIL 6 9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Southern Command and United States Northern Command. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22MR8.000 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D323 Wednesday, March 22, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1899–S1940 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 693–703, and S. Con. Res. 11.
                                                       Pages S1932–33 
Measures Reported: S. 249, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land. (S. Rept. No. 115–8)
                                                      Page S1932 
Measures Passed: Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obliga-tion to Make and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness Rule: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 93), Senate passed H.J. Res. 83, disapproving the rule submitted by the De-partment of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Em-ployer’s Continuing Obligation to Make and Main-tain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’, after agreeing to the motion to proceed. 
                                                                                    Pages S1900–24 
Measures Considered: Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Serv-ices Rule—Agreement: Senate began consideration of S.J. Res. 34, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Commu-nications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services’’, after agreeing to the mo-tion to proceed.
                               Pages S1925–29, S1935–40 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, March 23, 2017.
                                                                       Page S1928 
Appointments: Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appointed the following Sen-ators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: Senator Gillibrand (Committee on Armed Services), Senator Murphy (Committee on Appropria-tions.)                                                                               Page S1935 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice Presi-dent, pursuant to Section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: Senator Peters (At Large), Senator Schatz (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transpor-tation.)
                                                                             Page S1935 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Acad-emy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194(a), as amended by Public Law 101–595, and further amended by Public Law 113–281, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: Senator Cantwell (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation), Senator Blumenthal (At Large). 
                                                                                            Page S1935 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), appointed the following Sen-ators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy: Senator Shaheen (Committee on Appro-priations), Senator Cardin (At Large).
             Page S1935 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), appointed the following Sen-ators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Air Force Academy: Senator Udall (Committee on Appropria-tions), Senator Hirono (Committee on Armed Serv-ices).
                                                                                 Page S1935 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a notice of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–3)
                                                                            Page S1932 
Friedman Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel.
   Page S1924 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD324 March 22, 2017 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, March 24, 2017.
                                                                       Page S1924 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1924 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1932 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1932 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S1900, S1932 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1932 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S1933 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1933–34 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S1931 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1934–35 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1935 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—93)
                                                                   Page S1924 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:07 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, March 23, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1928.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE READINESS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine de-fense readiness and budget update, after receiving testimony from James N. Mattis, Secretary, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of De-fense. ARMY MODERNIZATION Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland concluded a hearing to examine Army moderniza-tion, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant Gen-eral Joseph Anderson, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–3/5/7, Lieutenant General John M. Murray, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–8, Major General Robert M. Dyess Jr., USA, Acting Director, Army Capabili-ties Integration Center, and Brigadier General Pro-motable Robert L. Marion, USA, Deputy of Acquisi-tion and Systems Management, Office of the Assist-ant Secretary for Acquisition, Logistics and Tech-nology, all of the United States Army, Department of Defense. CYBERSECURITY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the promises and perils of emerging technologies for cy-bersecurity, after receiving testimony from Eric Rosenbach, former Chief of Staff, and former Assist-ant Secretary for Homeland Defense and Global Se-curity, Department of Defense, Washington, D.C.; Caleb Barlow, IBM Security, Cambridge, Massachu-setts; Venky Ganesan, Menlo Ventures, Menlo Park, California; Steve Grobman, Intel Security Group, Sacramento, California; and Malcolm Harkins, Cylance Inc., Irvine, California. COAST GUARD Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine the state of the Coast Guard, focusing on ensuring mili-tary, national security, and enforcement capability and readiness, after receiving testimony from Admi-ral Paul F. Zukunft, Commandant, Coast Guard, De-partment of Homeland Security. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported S. 512, to mod-ernize the regulation of nuclear energy, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. GLOBAL HUMANITARIAN AFFAIRS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the state of global humani-tarian affairs, after receiving testimony from Gregory C. Gottlieb, Acting Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assist-ance, U.S. Agency for International Development; Nancy Lindborg, United States Institute for Peace, Washington, D.C.; and Yves Daccord, International Committee of the Red Cross, Geneva, Switzerland. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY FRONTLINE Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine perspectives from the DHS frontline, focusing on evaluating staffing resources and requirements, after receiving testimony from Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council, Tucson, Arizona, on behalf of Border Patrol Agents, U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; Anthony M. Reardon, National Treasury Employees Union, Washington, D.C., on behalf of Office of Field Operations Officers, U.S. Customs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D325 March 22, 2017 
and Border Protection; and Chris Crane, National Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council, Oakdale, Louisiana, on behalf of Enforcement Re-moval Operations Officers, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. NOMINATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor, after the nominee, who was intro-duced by Senators Cruz and Rubio, testified and an-swered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee continued hear-ings to examine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States, the nominee testi-fied and answered questions in his own behalf. Hearings recessed subject to the call and will meet again on Thursday, March 23, 2017. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1664–1692; and 3 resolutions, H.J. Res. 37–38; and H. Res. 220 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H2347–49 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2350 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1215, to improve patient access to health care services and provide improved medical care by reducing the excessive burden the liability system places on the health care delivery system, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–55, Part 1); and H. Res. 221, waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consideration of motions to sus-pend the rules (H. Rept. 115–56).
                  Page H2347 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Hultgren to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2291 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:12 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2299 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Tom Smiley, Lakewood Baptist Church, Gainesville, Georgia.
                             Page H2299 
Question of Privilege: Representative Polis rose to a question of the privileges of the House and sub-mitted a resolution. The Chair ruled that the resolu-tion did not present a question of the privileges of the House. Subsequently, Representative Polis ap-pealed the ruling of the chair and Representative Cheney moved to table the appeal. Agreed to the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 189 nays with 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 182.
    Pages H2308–11 Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 372, to restore the application of the Federal antitrust laws to the busi-ness of health insurance to protect competition and consumers, by a recorded vote of 416 ayes to 7 noes, Roll No. 184. Consideration began yesterday, March 21st.
                                                                         Pages H2311–12 
Rejected the Rosen motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 189 yeas to 233 nays, Roll No. 183.
                                        Page H2311 
H. Res. 209, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 372) was agreed to yesterday, March 21st. Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1101, to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small businesses with respect to medical care for their employees, by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 186.
                                Pages H2312–30 
Rejected the Shea Porter motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Education and the Work-force with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 179 yeas to 233 nays, Roll No. 185. 
                                                                                    Pages H2328–30 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–9 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill.
                                                                                   Page H2312 
Agreed to: Herrera Beutler amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–51) that clarifies that existing association 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD326 March 22, 2017 
health plans may continue to operate under existing state and federal law.
                                       Pages H2327–28 
H. Res. 210, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1101) was agreed to yesterday, March 21st. Suspension: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Securing our Agriculture and Food Act: H.R. 1238, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 406 yeas to 6 nays, Roll No. 187. 
                                                                Pages H2304–07, H2330–31 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, March 23.
                         Page H2331 
Congressional Award Board—Reappointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the following Member to the Congressional Award Board: Rep-resentative Dingell.
                                                  Page H2331 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017: H.R. 1302, to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel; and 
                                                                                    Pages H2303–04 
Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act: H.R. 1365, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain acquisition innovation.
                                    Pages H2307–08 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:11 p.m. and recon-vened at 11:52 p.m.
                                                 Page H2346 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to South Sudan is to continue in effect beyond April 3, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–25). 
                                                                                            Page H2331 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H2302–03. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2310–11, H2311, H2311–12, H2329, H2330, and H2330–31. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:53 p.m. Committee Meetings 
THE NEXT FARM BILL: DAIRY POLICY Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Dairy Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. VETERANS AFFAIRS OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held an oversight hearing on the Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General. Testimony was heard from Michael J. Missal, Inspector General, De-partment of Veterans Affairs. THE EVOLUTION OF HYBRID WARFARE AND KEY CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Evolution of Hybrid Warfare and Key Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE CURRENT STATE OF THE U.S. AIR FORCE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of the U.S. Air Force’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Scott D. West, Director of Current Operations and Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, U.S. Air Force Headquarters; Lieutenant General Maryanne Miller, Chief, U.S. Air Force Reserve; and Lieutenant General L. Scott Rice, Director, U.S. Air National Guard. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing on H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Sean Alteri, Director, Di-vision of Air Quality, Kentucky Department of En-vironmental Protection; Marc A. R. Cone, Director, Bureau of Air Quality, Maine Department of Envi-ronmental Protection; Nancy Vehr, Air Quality Ad-ministrator, Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality; Kurt Karperos, Deputy Executive Officer, California Air Resources Board; Seyed Sadredin, Ex-ecutive Director/Air Pollution Control Officer, San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District; and a public witness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D327 March 22, 2017 
EXAMINING FDA’S PRESCRIPTION DRUG USER FEE PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining FDA’s Prescription Drug User Fee Program’’. Testimony was heard from Janet Woodcock, Director, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Administration; and public witnesses. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Ethics: Full Committee held an organiza-tional meeting for the 115th Congress. The com-mittee adopted its rules for the 115th Congress. EXAMINING RESULTS AND ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE WORLD BANK Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Results and Accountability at the World Bank’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE JOBS ACT AT FIVE: EXAMINING ITS IMPACT AND ENSURING THE COMPETITIVENESS OF THE U.S. CAPITAL MARKETS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The JOBS Act at Five: Examining Its Impact and Ensuring the Competitiveness of the U.S. Capital Markets’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ANTI-SEMITISM ACROSS BORDERS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Anti- Semitism Across Borders’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. U.S. POLICY TOWARD THE BALTIC STATES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward the Baltic States’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. A BORDERLESS BATTLE: DEFENDING AGAINST CYBER THREATS Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Borderless Battle: Defending Against Cyber Threats’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1393, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 695, the ‘‘Child Protection Improvements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 883, the ‘‘Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1188, the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’. H.R. 1393 and H.R. 883 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 695 and H.R. 1188 were ordered reported, as amended. THE STATUS OF THE PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Status of the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority Restructuring Support Agreement’’. Testimony was heard from Ricardo Rossello´, Gov-ernor, Puerto Rico; Jose´B. Carrio´n III, Chairman, Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico; Luis Benı´tez Herna´ndez, Chairman, Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority Governing Board; Ana J. Matosantos, Member, Financial Over-sight and Management Board for Puerto Rico; and public witnesses. LAW ENFORCEMENT’S USE OF FACIAL RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Law Enforce-ment’s Use of Facial Recognition Technology’’. Tes-timony was heard from Kimberly Del Greco, Deputy Assistant Director, Criminal Justice Information Services Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation; Diana Maurer, Director, Homeland Security and Jus-tice Issues, Government Accountability Office; Charles Romine, Director, Information Technology Lab, National Institute of Standards and Technology; and public witnesses. EXAMINING THE IMPACT OF VOLUNTARY RESTRICTED DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS IN THE PHARMACEUTICAL SUPPLY CHAIN Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administra-tive Rules held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impact of Voluntary Restricted Distribution Systems in the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain’’. Testimony was heard from Janet Woodcock, Director, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Administration; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD328 March 22, 2017 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017; HOUSE RESOLUTION WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Committee on Rules: Full Committee began a hearing on the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017’’; and held a hearing on a house resolution waiving a re-quirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules, and providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a rule that waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two- thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any res-olution reported through the legislative day of March 27, 2017. In section 2, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time through the calendar day of March 26, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this sec-tion. THE ISS AFTER 2024: OPTIONS AND IMPACTS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘The ISS after 2024: Options and Impacts’’. Testimony was heard from William Gerstenmaier, Associate Admin-istrator for Human Exploration and Operations, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration; and public witnesses. MAKING WASHINGTON WORK FOR AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Making Washington Work For America’s Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HEALTHY HIRING: ENABLING VA TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN QUALITY PROVIDERS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Healthy Hiring: En-abling VA to Recruit and Retain Quality Providers’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Goldenkoff, Di-rector, Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office; Steve Young, Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations and Management, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and public witnesses. EXAMINING THE SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION’S REPRESENTATIVE PAYEE PROGRAM: WHO PROVIDES HELP Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight and Subcommittee on Social Security held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Social Secu-rity Administration’s Representative Payee Program: Who Provides Help’’. Testimony was heard from Marianna LaCanfora, Acting Deputy Commissioner, Office of Retirement and Disability Policy, Social Se-curity Administration; Gale Stallworth Stone, Acting Inspector General, Social Security Administration; David Slayton, Administrative Director, Office of Court Administration, Texas Judicial Branch; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
VETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATIONS Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs concluded a joint hearing with the House Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions, after receiving testimony from Colonel Carl A. Singer, USA (Ret.), Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America, Passaic, New Jersey; Don-ald Larson, Fleet Reserve Association, Ingleside, Texas; Chief Master Sergeant Mark Stevenson, (Ret.), Air Force Sergeants Association, Bowie, Maryland; Hershel W. Gober, Military Order of the Purple Heart of the U.S.A., Palm Coast, Florida; Charles Susino, Jr., American Ex-Prisoners of War, Metuchen, New Jersey; Robert D. Stamper, Blinded Veterans Association, Hayden, Idaho; Master Ser-geant John Adams, USAF (Ret.), The Retired En-listed Association, Colorado Springs, Colorado; and Lieutenant Colonel Aniela Szymanski, USMCR, Military Officers Association of America, and Allison Jaslow, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, both of Washington, D.C. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D297) 
S. 442, to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Signed on March 21, 2017. (Public Law 115–10) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D329 March 22, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture, 10 a.m., SR–325. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States European Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-ine Department of Defense civilian personnel reform, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine FAA reauthorization, focus-ing on perspectives on improving airport infrastructure and aviation manufacturing, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on the Judiciary: to continue hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘High Con-sequences and Uncertain Threats: Reviewing Department of Defense Strategy, Policy, and Programs for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for Fos-tering Transparency’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of America’s Small Family Farms’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD330 March 22, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S.J. Res. 34, Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services Rule. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, March 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 1628— American Health Care Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E364 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E361, E362, E362, E363 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E362 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E361 Flores, Bill, Tex., E363 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E363 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E365, E365 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E362 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E365 Roe, David P., Tenn., E364 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E363 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E364 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E361 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E361 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Mar 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22MR7.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST