Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6583 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 2017 No. 130 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. L
ONG). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, August 1, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ILLY LONG to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Sky-line Wesleyan Church, San Diego, Cali-fornia, offered the following prayer: Bless the Lord at all times. Let His praises continually be in our mouth. Magnify the Lord and let us exalt His name. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the Nation that leans upon Him. They that seek the Lord shall not want any good thing. But the face of the Lord is against evil doers. The righteous cry, and the Lord hears them and delivers them from all their troubles. Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord who looks from Heaven upon all the people of the Earth. No king is saved by a multitude. The horse and chariot is a vain thing for safety. Nei-ther shall it deliver any by its strength. The eye of the Lord is upon them that fear His name. Come, ye children, hearken unto me, and let us fear the Lord together. In Jesus’ name, we pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(a) of House Resolution 481, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE RECORDS OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Ms. Lori Schwartz, Omaha, Nebraska 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION BOARD OF ADVI-SORS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 214(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20944), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House to the Election Assistance Com-mission Board of Advisors: Mr. Elliot Berke, Arlington, Virginia 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO BOARD OF TRUSTEES FOR THE JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 114(b) of the John C. Stennis Center for Pub-lic Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1103), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Serv-ice Training and Development for a term of 6 years: Mrs. MARTHA ROBY, Montgomery, Alabama 
f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s re-appointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. W
OMACK , Arkansas 
f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(b) of House Resolution 481, the House stands adjourned until 1 p.m. on Friday, August 4, 2017. Thereupon (at 11 o’clock and 4 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, August 4, 2017, at 1 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2148. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Calendar Year 2016 reports to describe activities under the Secretary of Defense personnel management demonstra-tion project authorities for the Department of Defense Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2358 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Aug 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\H01AU7.REC H01AU7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6584 August 1, 2017 
note; Public Law 110-181, Sec. 1107(d); (122 Stat. 358); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 2149. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Wil-liam A. Brown, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 2150. A letter from the Assistant Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Definitions and Selection Cri-teria that Apply to Direct Grant Programs [Docket No.: ED-2017-OII-0032] (RIN: 1855- AA13) received July 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 2151. A letter from the Executive Director and Chair of the Board of Governors, Pa-tient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute, transmitting the 2016 Annual Report, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 1320e(d)(10); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1181 (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 6301(a)); (124 Stat. 734); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2152. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Food Labeling; Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments; Exten-sion of Comment Period [Docket No.: FDA- 2011-F-0172] (RIN: 0910-AG57) received July 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2153. A letter from the Administrator, En-vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting a report titled, ‘‘FY 2016 Superfund Five-Year Review Report to Congress’’, pur-suant to Sec. 121(c) of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation and Li-ability Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2154. A letter from the Division Chief, Pol-icy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Parts 0, 1, 2, 15 and 18 of the Commission’s Rules regarding Authorization of Radiofrequency Equipment [ET Docket No.: 15-170] received July 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2155. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Energy Labeling Rule (RIN: 3084-AB15) received July 28, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2156. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2157. A letter from the Chief, Legal, Exter-nal Affairs and Performance Branch, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting a notifi-cation of a federal vacancy, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 2158. A letter from the Chief, Legal, Exter-nal Affairs and Performance Branch, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting a notifi-cation of the designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 2159. A letter from the Director, Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting a report on compliance by the United States courts of appeals and district courts within the time limitations estab-lished for deciding habeas corpus death pen-alty petitions, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2266(b)(5)(A); Added by Public Law 104-132, Sec. 107(a); (110 Stat. 1225) and 28 U.S.C. 2266(c)(5); Public Law 104-132, Sec. 107(a); (110 Stat. 1226); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 2160. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9502; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-128-AD; Amendment 39-18929; AD 2017-12-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2161. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the FY 2016 Annual Report, pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 109-304, Sec. 4; (120 Stat. 1489); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2162. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting es-tablishment of the Creating Options for Vet-erans Expedited Recovery Commission, pur-suant to Public Law 114-198; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 2163. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a semi-annual report to Congress concerning the compliance of Azer-baijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbek-istan with the Act’s freedom of emigration provisions, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 402(b); (88 Stat. 2056) and 19 U.S.C. 2439(b); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 409(b); (88 Stat. 2064); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2164. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of Sunset Date for Attorney Advisor Program [Docket No.: SSA-2017-0021] (RIN: 0960-AI06) received July 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2165. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report entitled ‘‘FY 2016 Report to Congress: Review of Medicare’s Program for Oversight of Accrediting Orga-nizations and the Clinical Laboratory Im-provement Amendments of 1988 Validation Program’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ll(b); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1875(b) (as amended by Public Law 110-275, Sec. 125(b)(4)); (122 Stat. 2519); jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 2166. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Af-fairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Attorney General’s Third Quarterly Re-port of FY 2017 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 4332(b)(2); Pub-lic Law 103-353, Sec. 2(a) (as added by Public Law Public Law 110-389, Sec. 312(c)); (122 Stat. 4165); jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Veterans’ Affairs. 2167. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Eco-nomic Development Administration’s Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Report, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 3213; Public Law 89-136, Sec. 603 (as added by Public Law 105-393, Sec. 102(a)); (112 Stat. 3614); jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Fi-nancial Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Roger Williams (Rept. 115– 271). Referred to the House Calendar. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Ben Ray Luja´n (Rept. 115– 272). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D ESAULNIER: H.R. 3633. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to adjust the rate of in-come tax of a publicly traded corporation based on the ratio of compensation of the corporation’s highest paid employee to the median compensation of all the corpora-tion’s employees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 3634. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that individuals may access documentation verifying the monthly housing stipend paid to the individual under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 3635. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determina-tions under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIHUEN (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. L EE, and Ms. D ELAURO ): H.R. 3636. A bill to improve quality and ac-countability for educator preparation pro-grams; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 3637. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to better assist producers who are voluntarily making the transition to organic production systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C
RIST, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. D
UNN, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. R
OSS, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01AU7.000 H01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6585 August 1, 2017 
Florida, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H.R. 3638. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. C RIST, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER ): H.R. 3639. A bill to establish a position of Science Laureate of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 3640. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish within the Office of the Under Secretary for Health of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs the position of Chief Information Officer of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D ESAULNIER: H.R. 3633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 3634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation pro-vides for the general welfare of the United States. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 3635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mr. KIHUEN: H.R. 3636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 3637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 3638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 3639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 3640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 392: Mr. S HUSTER and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 535: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 592: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 750: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 785: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 848: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 850: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 858: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 947: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 995: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1120: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 1136: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 1243: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1267: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas. H.R. 1284: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1421: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 1452: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1468: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1516: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1615: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 1796: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1828: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1865: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2011: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2066: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2267: Mr. R
USH, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Mr. H
URD. H.R. 2315: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 2319: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2401: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. B EYER , Mr. V
EASEY , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2404: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2482: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2519: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. N ORMAN , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 2525: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2740: Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 2797: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia. H.R. 2840: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 2851: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2973: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2996: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 3030: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3117: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 3169: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3186: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3236: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 3239: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3246: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3265: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 3282: Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3316: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3329: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 3336: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3445: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3512: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3530: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 3559: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3564: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3602: Mr. P
ETERS and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.J. Res. 116: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. P AYNE . H. Res. 199: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H. Res. 236: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H. Res. 319: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. R OUZER . H. Res. 449: Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 464: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 488: Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 495: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01AU7.100 H01AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4633 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 2017 No. 130 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father, be with us not only in great moments of experience but also during mundane and common tasks of life. Through the power of Your Spirit, make our Senators mount up with wings like eagles, running without weariness and walking without faint-ing. Lord, give them the wisdom to be patient with others, ever lenient to their faults and ever prompt to appre-ciate their virtues. Rule in their hearts, keeping them from sin and sus-taining their loved ones in all of their tomorrows. Surround them with the shield of Your favor, as You provide them with a future and a hope, accom-plishing in their lives more than they can ask or imagine. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Newsom nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kevin Chris-topher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week, on a bipartisan basis, the Senate rejected a bill that would have repealed the Affordable Care Act. This should be a turning point, not just in our healthcare debate but in the way that we move forward in the Senate. The speech given by Senator M
CCAIN when he returned to the Senate Cham-ber last week lasted about 15 minutes, and, in that short period of time, the senior Senator from Arizona reminded us of our historic responsibility here in the Senate and the role that we play under our Constitution as an inde-pendent branch of government, and he then exhorted us to put away the par-tisanship and the gamesmanship and move to what we would call regular order in the Senate: Send a bill to a committee, have the committee con-sider the bill, bring in experts, go through an amendment process, report it to the floor, and have another amendment process hoping that the collective wisdom of the committee and the body will result in a work product that actually achieves the goal that we set out to achieve. That is the regular order. That is what J
OHN M
CCAINasked us to get back to, and now we have that chance. On a bipartisan basis, I believe the Senate must come together and work on solutions to improve our healthcare system. First, we have to stabilize it. In just a few weeks, the major insur-ance companies are going to announce their premiums for the next year, and I am afraid they are going to show dra-matic increases, because what the in-dustry has told us over and over is that the one thing they can’t calculate is the uncertainty of policy decisions. So as long as we have not done our job in stabilizing the healthcare system, they will either step away from risk or charge higher premiums to cover the possibilities of greater risk. That is what we face in just a few weeks and particularly if this administration—the Trump administration—follows what the President has said over and over in his tweets. We have listened to the President basically say what I consider to be an irresponsible thing: Let the healthcare system fail; then the Demo-crats will come on their knees and beg us to change it. Well, if the healthcare system fails, it will not have much impact on the President and his immediate family. They will still have health insurance. But if it fails, many people will not be able to afford basic health insurance. They may lose it, and others may lose their coverage altogether. It could be a personal disaster—a family disaster across the board. I can’t believe that anyone—let alone the President— would suggest that is the best path to a constructive outcome. Responsibility suggests that there is a better way. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million previously uninsured Ameri-cans have gained healthcare coverage, including more than 1 million people in my State of Illinois. Thanks to the Af-fordable Care Act, our Nation’s unin-sured rate is at the lowest level in his-tory. We cut it in half in Illinois. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, in-surance companies can no longer en-gage in the type of abusive conduct that was well known and well estab-lished before the passage of the Afford-able Care Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.000 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4634 August 1, 2017 
Before the passage of that law, insur-ance companies decided that women, because of their gender, had a pre-existing condition and, therefore, had to pay more for health insurance than men. They used to charge older people exorbitantly more than younger people for insurance. They would deny mater-nity care, mental health or substance abuse care, deny insurance to people with preexisting conditions or charge them sky-high premiums. They would impose annual or lifetime caps on ben-efits and kick people off insurance when they got sick and needed care. The Affordable Care Act changed each and every one of those things. Young adults, in addition, can now stay on their parents’ health insurance plans up to the age of 26, and seniors with Medicare are getting free preven-tive care and substantial discounts on their pharmaceuticals. The law is far from perfect. Improve-ments can and should be made. We have done that over the years to Social Security and Medicare. We should do it again here. Six percent of Americans and 3 percent of Illinoisans purchase their insurance in the individual mar-ket, and more than 50 percent of those people receive premium subsidies to help them pay for their monthly pre-miums. For these people, especially those who don’t qualify for subsidies, insurance options can be limited or ex-pensive. So while there are clear chal-lenges, we also need to be honest about the scope of the problem and where we need to make fixes. There are ways to help. First, the 19 States that have refused to expand their Medicaid Program should do so. If they did, 4.5 million more Americans would instantly gain access to healthcare coverage. Many of these people who would gain coverage go to work every single day—some-times to more than one job a week— and they don’t have any healthcare benefits where they work. They have no place to turn. Medicaid can help. If Republicans are serious about wanting to provide people with access to afford-able health insurance, Medicaid expan-sion is the most commonsense measure we can take. Second, the administration should stop stoking uncertainty in the indi-vidual market and commit to paying cost-sharing reduction subsidies known as the CSRs. These Federal subsidies now help 7 million Americans with out- of-pocket health insurance costs. If the Trump administration sabotages the healthcare system and refuses to make these payments, premiums on these in-dividuals would increase by 20 percent next year alone. Now, many of my Sen-ate Republican colleagues, including HELP Committee Chairman L
AMAR  A
LEXANDER of Tennessee, support the CSR payments. I think that is a re-sponsible course of action. In fact, they are even included in some of the Re-publican healthcare repeal bills. It is time to end this ‘‘will they or won’t they’’ game—this uncertainty—and re-assure Americans and insurers that payments are going to be made. The uncertainty is going to raise the cost of health insurance for everybody. For goodness sake, let’s move in the oppo-site direction, bring stability and bring assurances of where we are headed so that healthcare premiums can stabilize and perhaps not go up as far as they would otherwise. Third, we should give people in the individual market more affordable op-tions. I support offering a Medicare- like plan. If insurers choose not to par-ticipate in the individual market, why wouldn’t the government step in and offer an option that individuals can de-cide whether they want to take it. Finally, we have to do something about the high cost of prescription drugs. They are contributing directly to massive premium increases. The health insurance companies tell us—in Blue Cross Blue Shield’s case in Illi-nois, they are paying more for prescrip-tion drugs in Illinois than they are paying for inpatient hospital care— that is driving premiums higher. What have we done to deal with pre-scription drug costs exactly? Nothing. There is nothing in the Affordable Care Act that even monitors these costs when it comes to the public at large and very little, if anything, has been proposed or passed in Congress to deal with these out-of-control increases in prescription drug prices. I think drug companies should have to publicly jus-tify their prices and provide ample lead time when they are going to raise these prices. Drugs that are developed with sig-nificant Federal taxpayer dollars—and that is many of them—whether from the National Institutes of Health or the Department of Defense, should commit to reasonable pricing in their products. If these drug companies are using taxpayer subsidized research to develop a drug, I think they have a spe-cial public responsibility when it comes to the marketing of that drug to make sure the pricing is reasonable. The taxpayers helped them to a profit-able position. They shouldn’t go over-board and overcharge. Last week when Senator MCCAIN made his appeal on the Senate floor, he really called on us to work together to get something done. I have noticed that there is a bipartisan effort under-way in the House. I believe we will hear one this week in the Senate. I am glad that we are heeding his advice. I agree with the Senator from Arizona that it is time for the Senate to turn to reg-ular order, hold hearings, bring in ex-perts, and really work together on pro-posals that would expand access to af-fordable health insurance coverage and care. Democrats stand ready to work with Republicans to do this. It is time to put ObamaCare repeal behind us. It is time to move forward on behalf of those who are counting on us. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. WORK BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, as I said yesterday, the Senate has a num-ber of nominations to consider in the coming days. Yesterday we voted to advance a well-qualified judicial nominee to serve on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Ap-peals. Soon we will consider one of the President’s nominations for the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, and we obviously need to confirm an FBI Di-rector. I would hope, with all the threats facing us at home and abroad, our Democratic colleagues would not launch the first filibuster of a nominee to be FBI Director, especially one who was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by a vote to 20 to 0. These are just a few of the many nominees who need to be acted upon and quickly. Up until now, our friends across the aisle have thrown up one unnecessary procedural hurdle after the next on even the most uncontroversial of nomi-nees. As a result, I noted last month that at the pace we were going, it would take more than 11 years to con-firm the remaining Presidential ap-pointments. Well, that pace has slowed even further. Now it would take 12 years. It is time to end this. I look forward to our Democratic col-leagues cooperating with us to do that so the Senate can spend its time con-sidering other things that are impor-tant to our constituents. We have leg-islation to address over the remainder of this work period as well. Our vet-erans deserve the best care the country can provide. Under the last administra-tion’s VA scandal, the veterans were let down in a big way. Congress came together in the wake of that scandal to pass the Veterans Choice Program, which allows many veterans to skip the long wait and travel times at some VA facilities and access private care. The House recently acted to shore up this program on an overwhelmingly bi-partisan basis, 414 to nothing. Now the Senate needs to act as well. We also need to renew the FDA User Fee Program. This program is critical to speeding up the drug approval proc-ess, and that is important to everyone frustrated by the time and costs of bringing lifesaving drugs to market. Without it, the important work of en-suring that drugs and devices are safe and effective would literally come to a screeching halt. Every 5 years, these agreements need to be reviewed and re-authorized. The Senate legislation to do so was reported by the HELP Com-mittee on a 21-to-2 bipartisan vote, and given the lifesaving developments in immunotherapy and personalized medi-cine on the horizon, it is more impor-tant than ever. We have important work to do over the remainder of this work period. I hope colleagues will cooperate across the aisle in our efforts to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.002 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4635 August 1, 2017 
AUTHORIZING RECORD PRODUCTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 237, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 237) to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 237) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —H.R. 3219 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the American people are looking to Con-gress to turn the page on healthcare and start working on bipartisan im-provements to our healthcare system. Stabilizing the individual market is the first thing we should all focus on. The repeated attempts to repeal and replace the healthcare law, as well as the administration’s threat to stop making the cost-sharing payments that help keep premiums down and keep markets stable, have injected massive uncertainty into the system. Insurers hate nothing more than un-certainty. It drives them to jack up the costs of premiums and to pull out of markets. Already, insurers in three States have issued two separate sets of proposed rates for 2018—one if the ad-ministration makes the cost-sharing payments and one if it does not. The set of proposed rates if the payments are not made is 20 percent higher in all three States. I don’t know the third, but two of them are North Carolina and Pennsylvania, which are very sig-nificant States. In Idaho, the State in-surance commissioner said that rates on the most popular plans would be 50 percent higher next year because of ‘‘the potential refusal by the Federal Government to fund the cost share re-duction mechanism.’’ That comes from the State insurance commissioner. I do not know if that is an elected position, but whether it is elected or appointed, my guess is that he is a Republican. They do not elect too many Democrats out there. The administration is supposed to announce today or sometime this week its decision on whether to make the next set of payments. The ball is in the President’s court. He can make the payments as the law requires and needs or he can sabotage our healthcare sys-tem and impose a Trump premium tax of 20 percent higher premiums on the American people next year by not ex-tending the cost-sharing program. Why would he do this? Why would he raise people’s rates? His only stated reason is petty, is childish, is un-Presi-dential. He will get back at people be-cause his hope to repeal and replace was rejected. You do not hurt innocent people when you lose politically. That is not Presidential. That is not, frank-ly, what an adult does. The ball is in the President’s court, as I said, and let’s hope he does the right thing. President Trump has already made it harder for Americans to afford insur-ance next year by publicly rooting for our Nation’s healthcare system to col-lapse, injecting a baseline of uncer-tainty into the system. President Trump would make things a whole lot worse by not making the next set of payments—20 percent higher pre-miums, more bare counties, even more market instability. The American people need a Presi-dent who puts their interests first, not someone who plays political games with their healthcare. The American people can ill afford a Trump premium tax this year, and it is completely avoidable. All the President has to do is to make the payments and carry out the law as he is supposed to. Afterward, Congress should move to guarantee these payments permanently or at least for a significant period of time. This uncertainty caused by the Presi-dent’s threats has been the most desta-bilizing factor in the individual mar-ket. That is not according to CHUCK  S
CHUMER or any Democrat; it is accord-ing to the insurers’ largest trade group, AHIP. The President has proved that he cannot be trusted to faithfully exe-cute the procedures that keep our healthcare system on track. The only good news here is that there are moves by people on both sides of the aisle in this Senate to take some of this uncertainty off the table by guar-anteeing these payments in the future. My good friends, the chairman of the HELP Committee, the senior Senator from Tennessee, L
AMAR ALEXANDER , and the ranking Democratic member, Senator P
ATTY MURRAY , have an abil-ity to work together on many issues. I know they are meeting almost as we speak—in 5 minutes—to discuss how we can move forward. I spoke to Senator A
LEXANDER in the gym, where the Pre-siding Officer, I want to tell his con-stituents, was exercising and staying fit, too, and he seemed very eager to try to work together to stabilize the system. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on another matter— taxes—it is clear that our economy would benefit from a bipartisan pack-age of changes to our Tax Code that would focus laser-like on increasing wages for working families, improving middle-class job growth, and promoting domestic investment, while modern-izing our outdated business and inter-national tax system. From what we have heard from the White House so far, its plan would not do any of that. We Democrats are open to a bipartisan discussion on those issues, but we also believe that, in an economy in which wealth is seemingly funneled to the already wealthy, it is working Americans who deserve tax re-lief, not those at the very top. The wealthiest Americans have seen out-sized benefits from recent economic gains. Now is not the time to shower millionaires and billionaires with an-other tax break while working Ameri-cans continue to struggle to make ends meet. Today, 45 Members of the Democratic caucus sent a letter to our Republican friends, writing that we are open to bi-partisan discussions on tax reform but that we will not support any effort to rewrite the Tax Code to give another tax break to the top 1 percent or add even more to the deficit and the debt. Here are our three principles outlined in the letter: First, no new tax breaks for the top 1 percent. Second, it must not increase the debt and must be fiscally responsible. Third, we must use a regular order process that will ensure true bipartisan input in the product, not the reconcili-ation process that was used in healthcare, which excluded the Demo-crats from the get-go and, in part, led to the failure of the Republicans to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.003 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4636 August 1, 2017 
pass repeal or repeal and replace. Ram-ming tax cuts through under reconcili-ation—the very same partisan process that failed for healthcare—is the wrong way to do business for this country. Again, the Democrats are open to a bipartisan discussion on tax reform, but it has to be truly bipartisan, not under reconciliation, and tax reform cannot be a cover story for delivering tax cuts to the wealthiest or result in a ballooning deficit and debt. 
CHINA AND NORTH KOREA  
Mr. President, finally, on the matter of China and North Korea, under Presi-dent Trump, North Korea continues to ramp up its aggression; yet China has not taken any significant steps to bring to an end its threatening and de-stabilizing behavior. President Trump has staked his ad-ministration’s approach to North Korea on China doing more, but right now 90 percent of North Korea’s foreign trade is with China, and 95 percent of its foreign direct investment comes from China. Even as the U.N. Security Council and the U.S. Congress have again sanc-tioned North Korea, China’s trade with this rogue nation has risen more than 30 percent over the past year, accord-ing to some reports. Even after the re-cent ICBM tests—clear violations of international resolutions—China and Russia have worked behind the scenes to water down and weaken additional U.N. Security Council sanctions resolu-tions. President Trump has talked about his ‘‘wonderful relationship’’ with President Xi, but this is not the behav-ior we should expect from a partner that is serious about the crisis on the Korean Peninsula. The bottom line is simple. China could put pressure on North Korea right now, but they are taking a pass, as they have for over a decade. President Trump began the year by offering a ‘‘better trade deal’’ to China if they put pressure on North Korea. That clearly hasn’t happened. The soft- touch approach has gotten us nowhere, as usual, with China; they only under-stand strength. China continues to do the bare minimum as North Korea be-comes more and more bellicose. So, today, I am urging President Trump to use his authority over the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, known as CFIUS, and instruct the Treasury Department to suspend the approval of mergers and acquisitions of U.S. assets by Chinese companies until China works to bridle its neighbor’s aggression. China and its surrogates must face economic pressure if they are not going to help deter North Korea. This is an important tool in our country’s tool-box, and the President ought to use it. I urge President Trump to take a tougher line and suspend the approval of all mergers and acquisitions in the United States by Chinese companies. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NORTH KOREA  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about North Korea, the most urgent national security chal-lenge for the United States and our al-lies in East Asia. Secretary Mattis has said North Korea is ‘‘the most urgent and dan-gerous threat to peace and security.’’ Admiral Gortney, the previous com-mander of U.S. Northern Command, stated that the Korean Peninsula is at its most unstable point since 1953, when the armistice was signed. Last year alone, North Korea con-ducted two nuclear tests and a stag-gering 24 ballistic missile launches. This year, Pyongyang already launched 18 missiles, including the two recent tests of intercontinental ballistic mis-siles that are reportedly capable of reaching the U.S. homeland. President Trump has said that the United States will not allow this to happen, and I am encouraged by the President’s resolve. Patience is not an option with the U.S. homeland in the nuclear shadow of Kim Jong Un. Our North Korea policy of decades of bipar-tisan failure must turn to one of imme-diate bipartisan success, with pressure and global cooperation resulting in the peaceful denuclearization of the re-gime. As Vice President P
ENCE stated dur-ing his recent visit to South Korea: 
Since 1992, the United States and our allies have stood together for a denuclearized Ko-rean Peninsula. We hope to achieve this ob-jective through peaceable means. But all op-tions are on the table. 
But time is not on our side. I believe U.S. policy toward North Korea should be straightforward. The United States should deploy every economic, diplo-matic, and, if necessary, military tool at our disposal to deter Pyongyang and to protect our allies. However, the road to peacefully stop-ping Pyongyang undoubtedly lies through Beijing. China is the only country that holds the diplomatic and economic leverage necessary to put the real squeeze on the North Korean re-gime. According to the South Korean state trade agency, China accounts for 90 percent of North Korea’s trade, includ-ing virtually all of North Korea’s ex-ports. From 2000 to 2015, trade volume between China and North Korea has climbed more than tenfold, rising from $488 million in 2000 to $5.4 billion in 2015. Beijing is the reason the regime acts so boldly and with relatively few consequences. China must now move beyond a mere articulation of concern and lay out a transparent path of focused pressure to denuclearize North Korea. A global power that borders this regime cannot simply throw up its hands and absolve itself of responsibility. The administration is right to pursue a policy of ‘‘maximum pressure’’ to-ward North Korea, and we have a ro-bust toolbox already available to ramp up the sanctions track—a track that has hardly been utilized to its fullest extent and a track made even more complete last week with additional sanctions on North Korea. Last Congress, I led the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act, which passed the Senate by a vote of 96 to 0. This legislation was the first stand-alone legislation in Congress re-garding North Korea to impose manda-tory sanctions on the regime’s pro-liferation activities, human rights vio-lations, and malicious cyber behavior. A recent analysis from the Founda-tion for the Defense of Democracies says: North Korea sanctions have more than doubled since the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act came into effect on February 18, 2016. Prior to that date, North Korea ranked eighth, behind Ukraine/Russia, Iran, Iraq, the Balkans, Syria, Sudan, and Zimbabwe. 
Even with the 130-percent sanctions increase after the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act, North Korea is today still only the fifth most sanctioned country by the United States. North Korea is far from being sanctioned out. So while Congress has clearly moved from the Obama administration inac-tion to some action, the Trump admin-istration has the opportunity to use these authorities to build maximum le-verage with not only Pyongyang but also with Beijing. I am encouraged by the actions the administration took last month to finally designate a Chi-nese financial institution, but this should be just the beginning. The ad-ministration, with congressional sup-port, should now make clear to any en-tity doing business with North Korea that they will not be able to do busi-ness with the United States or have ac-cess to the U.S. financial system. A report released last month by an independent organization known as C4ADS identified over 5,000 Chinese companies that are doing business with North Korea. These Chinese companies are responsible for $7 billion in trade with North Korea. Moreover, the C4ADS report found that only 10 of the 5,000-plus companies control 30 percent of Chinese exports to North Korea. So of 30 percent of Chinese exports, 10 companies are responsible for that number in 2016 alone. One of those ten companies alone controlled nearly 10 percent of all imports from North Korea. Some of these companies were even found to have satellite offices in the United States. According to recent disclosures, from 2009 to 2017, North Korea used Chinese banks to process at least $2.2 billion in transactions through the U.S. financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.005 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4637 August 1, 2017 
system. This must stop now. The United States should not be afraid of a diplomatic confrontation with Beijing for simply enforcing existing U.S. and international law. In fact, it should be more afraid of Congress if it does not. As for any prospect of engagement, we should continue to let Beijing know in no uncertain terms that the United States will not negotiate with Pyongyang at the expense of U.S. na-tional security and that of our allies. Instead of working with the United States and the international commu-nity to disarm the madman in Pyongyang, Beijing has called on the United States and South Korea to halt our military exercises in exchange for vague promises of North Korea sus-pending its missile and nuclear activi-ties. That is a bad deal, and the Trump administration was right to reject it. Moreover, before any talks in any format, the United States and our part-ners must demand that Pyongyang first meet the denuclearization com-mitments it had already agreed to in the past and subsequently chose to bra-zenly violate. President Trump should continue to impress to President Xi that a denuclearized Korean Peninsula is in both nations’ fundamental long-term interests. As Admiral Harry Harris rightfully noted, ‘‘we want to bring Kim Jung Un to his senses, not to his knees.’’ But to achieve this goal, Bei-jing must be made to choose whether it wants to work with the United States as a responsible global leader to stop Pyongyang or bear the consequences of keeping him in power. Two weeks ago I introduced legisla-tion with a bipartisan group of cospon-sors called the North Korean Enablers Accountability Act. This legislation takes the first steps toward imposing a total economic embargo on North Korea, including a ban on any entity that does business with North Korea or its enablers from using the U.S. finan-cial system and imposing U.S. sanc-tions on all those participating in North Korean labor trafficking abuses. My legislation specifically singles out those 10 largest Chinese importers of North Korean goods and sends a very clear message: You can either do busi-ness with this outlaw regime or do business with the world’s largest econ-omy. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and our continued ef-forts to stop Pyongyang’s further de-velopment of nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles to bring peace to the peninsula and to denuclearize peacefully the North Ko-rean regime. In order to put real pressure, this ad-ministration must act, and it must act on the regime and its enablers wher-ever they are based. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. C
OL-
LINS). The deputy majority leader is recognized. 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, it is no secret that last week’s vote on re-pealing and replacing the provisions of ObamaCare proved a disappointment to many of us. I have found, though, in my time here in the Senate that so often we agree on the goal we want to achieve, but we disagree on the means to achieve that goal. Some people see the private sector and competition and markets as the best place to regulate economic activ-ity. Other people look at the govern-ment as the source of actions that do things like provide access to healthcare. The truth is, in our com-plicated healthcare delivery system, everybody plays a role one way or the other. We know that government plays an outsized role already, because we have Medicare, Medicaid, veterans health programs, and the like—the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which we will have to take up and reauthorize before the end of September. But there does exist a very important private marketplace for health insurance, and, frankly, many times I think the gov-ernment makes it harder, not easier, for the private marketplace to offer people a variety of products that they actually like, want to buy, and can af-ford. But it is evident that there is a lot of passion about this issue, and that is not going to go away. Certainly, what is not going to go away is the need that consumers across this country of ours have for lower premiums, increased ac-cess, and a marketplace that actually functions, where people can buy an in-surance product they want to buy, and, of course, there is always the issue of quality of care. Some people think that maybe Med-icaid is the ultimate answer. The fact of the matter is that Medicaid plays a very important role as a safety net for low-income Americans, but most of the medical studies that have been done in-dicate that medical outcomes under Medicaid are no better than those for those people who don’t have insurance at all, and the number of people who go to the emergency room includes many people who have Medicaid but have a hard time finding a doctor who will treat them because Medicaid pays doc-tors at such a low rate that only about one-third of the doctors, especially in my State of Texas, will see a new Med-icaid patient. As one of our colleagues has suggested, it is kind of like telling people: Here is a bus ticket. But there is no bus. There is no way to get there. That is hardly what I would call access to quality care. I know our work is not done. Now I and others turn to our colleagues across the aisle who fought us every step of the way in trying to achieve progress on healthcare reform and ask them what their suggestions are. Democrats need to be constructive rather than continuing to bury their heads in the sand about the funda-mental problems with the Affordable Care Act. My firm belief is that these problems are structural in nature. They are not something that can be solved simply by throwing more money at the problem, particularly when insurance companies would love to have us do exactly that. That is the way they do business. They are profit-oriented companies. I don’t begrudge them that. It is simply not in our best interest, I believe, to just throw billions of dol-lars at insurance companies in a bail-out without reforming the fundamental structure by which healthcare is deliv-ered. I don’t think we can turn to the taxpayers and say that it is their obli-gation to bail out insurance companies, particularly when they have seen their premiums already triple under ObamaCare. We can’t afford to do what the Sen-ator from Vermont wants to do, which is enact a costly single-payer system, which would literally bankrupt our country. With every day that passes, ObamaCare keeps getting worse, but we have no choice but to keep working to find new ways forward. That will in-clude discussions and efforts to keep our promise and fix the mess that has been left to us to face. There is a lot the American people expect of us. With fragile majorities in the Senate, we have seen that we are forced to work together to try to solve these problems. I think, frankly, bipar-tisan solutions tend to be more dura-ble. As we move forward to that work and turn to legislative priorities such as breaking the blockade on nominations, tax reform, getting our economy grow-ing again, getting people back to work—because the economy is growing and they get good, well-paying jobs— and doing things such as rebuilding our infrastructure, something we know is important to our economic future, we will continue this week focusing on something that, frankly, we should have done months ago, which is seeing that more of President Trump’s nomi-nees are confirmed. Of course, we know the approach of the Democratic leader from New York has been to obstruct, block, and slow down as many of these nominations as he can. For example, our Senate col-leagues on the Democratic side have allowed only 10 percent of President Trump’s confirmations to go by a voice vote, which is a customary courtesy when there is no controversy associ-ated with the nomination. President Obama’s confirmations went through with 90 percent of them by voice vote because they weren’t truly controver-sial. What we have seen happen this year is to burn the clock and delay and obstruct and foot-drag as much as pos-sible in order to deny the President his own team. I realize many people were dis-appointed on that side of the aisle when President Trump was elected. He was elected President of the United States, and he deserves to have his team in place—particularly when they are not controversial nominees—rather 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4638 August 1, 2017 
than to deny him the opportunities to staff up and do the job the American people elected him to do. This obstruction is felt particularly acutely at the Department of Defense. You would think that if there is one thing that is bipartisan or nonpartisan, it would be our national security. In fact, only seven of President Trump’s nominations for the Pentagon have been confirmed. Two of the remaining nominees waiting for confirmation have been waiting for 2 months after they have been unanimously approved by the Armed Services Committee—2 months of delay for no purpose whatso-ever with noncontroversial nominees. The minority leader is blocking these nominees, but his ranking member on the Senate Armed Services Committee, along with all other Democrats on the Armed Services Committee, unani-mously voted to approve the nominees and vote them out of committee. It should not take 2 months to fill these critical national security roles, especially for nominees who aren’t con-troversial. Each day that our Demo-cratic colleagues delay the process, they are hindering our readiness and putting American lives at risk. This comes at a time when we are en-gaged in fights around the globe, at a time the vast array of threats around the globe are more diverse and, frank-ly, more dangerous than they have been in a long, long time. All we need to do is to look at what is happening in North Korea. It is especially disgraceful for those men and women who put their lives in harm’s way, who wake up every day and risk their lives to defend the coun-try, and who proudly wear the uniform of the U.S. military. This is an offense against them. It is insulting. They de-serve better than this from our Senate Democratic colleagues. I hope the Senator from New York, the Democratic leader, will stick to what he said last week and drop the needless blockade against the Presi-dent’s nominees. The President won the election and is expected to appoint a Cabinet of qualified individuals to guide our country and carry out his policies. Whether you voted for Presi-dent Trump or against President Trump, he did win the election, and we should move forward with a fully staffed executive branch. Americans also deserve to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks in their pockets. We know that businesses, par-ticularly small businesses that are the primary engine of job creation in the country, have been subjected to a tax code that is enormously complicated, confusing, and that discourages eco-nomic growth. Why in the world would we want to do that to ourselves? Why would we want to tolerate a tax code that is so complicated, that is anti-growth, and that discourages job creation? We shouldn’t. With this new administration, we are committed to overhauling our outdated Tax Code to make it simpler and fairer, one that will encourage businesses to create jobs and bring profits back to our shore. Members of both Chambers— the House and Senate—have been hard at work on a solution that will provide that sort of relief and protect jobs and put Americans first, not government. I look forward to the debate and the fight for historic tax reform in the coming months. I want to particularly commend my friend and colleague in the House of Representatives, a fellow Texan, K
EVIN BRADY , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, for his great work in that body, together with our chairman in the Senate, Sen-ator H
ATCH , chairman of the Senate Fi-nance Committee. That is the com-mittee of jurisdiction where we are going to have hearings and a markup this fall. Finally, I wish to address another area where Congress ought to be able to work together on a bipartisan basis, and that is strengthening our Nation’s infrastructure. It is absolutely impera-tive we build on the success of the FAST Act, the first multiyear surface transportation bill signed into law in more than a decade. While this piece of legislation was critical to providing States and com-munities with the certainty they need, we must continue to invest in our Na-tion’s bridges, roadways, ports, and other critical infrastructure. I look forward to working with the administration and our colleagues in the Senate and in the House on legisla-tion that will strengthen our Nation’s infrastructure and do so in a fiscally responsible manner. Finally, I hope to pass the bipartisan legislation that I have introduced to combat domestic human trafficking with my Democratic colleague, the Senator from Minnesota, this week. This has long been a priority of mine. The Abolish Human Trafficking Act is focused on getting victims of this hei-nous crime the help they need to re-build their lives. In fact, as you talk to faith-based organizations and other people who are trying to help the vic-tims of human trafficking, many times they will tell you the single thing these victims need the most is simply a safe place to live and heal and recover. That is what the Abolish Human Traf-ficking Act is focused on. This bill reauthorizes the Justice De-partment’s Domestic Trafficking Vic-tims’ Fund, which was established in the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, a bill that I authored and that was signed into law last Congress. The Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund provides critical resources to connect victims with the services they need so they can recover and begin to heal. Part of that fund is financed through fines collected on the con-victed traffickers themselves. It is a clear way we can use these fines for good. Last year, the fund provided about $5 million in victim services. By reauthorizing it, we can continue to serve even more people, more victims. This bill also empowers victims by permanently reauthorizing the Advi-sory Council on Human Trafficking, survivors who annually advise the gov-ernment on ways to combat this crime and lend a hand to victims. While this bill certainly focuses on human traf-ficking victims, we recognize that these victims may not have survived this form of modern-day slavery with-out the dedication of law enforcement officials fighting for these survivors every day. That is why our legislation also supports local and State law en-forcement agencies, so they are able to carry out not only the ability to track down the perpetrators and convict them but also to receive additional training to help equip them on how best to serve the victims. Ending this terrible crime is a cause every Member in this Chamber should be able to get behind. I look forward to passing the Abolish Human Trafficking Act with bipartisan support, hopefully, later this week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, President Trump has been in office for just a little over 6 months. We had an election. The American people said they preferred the Republican vision for the direction this country should go, but it just seems today the Demo-crats in the Senate think the inaugura-tion never happened. For more than 6 months, Democrats have engaged in a historic effort to ob-struct the work of the Trump adminis-tration and the U.S. Government. Nor-mally, on inauguration day, the Presi-dent gets a substantial number of peo-ple confirmed to his Cabinet. The idea is to let the President get his team in place so then they can go about hitting the ground running. President Obama had six of his Cabi-net Secretaries confirmed on Inaugura-tion Day in 2009. All of them were con-firmed by voice vote. They didn’t even have to do a rollcall. People agreed, in a bipartisan way, to let the President have his nominees. Republicans in the Senate did nothing to try to block any of those Cabinet Secretaries for Presi-dent Obama. We understood it is best to give the new President a chance and for all of us to work together when we can. President George Bush had seven people nominated and confirmed on his first day in office. That is the way it usually worked but not anymore. Now, Democrats aren’t interested in giving a Republican President a chance. They weren’t interested in working together. Last January, Presi-dent Trump only had two people con-firmed to his Cabinet on inauguration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.010 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4639 August 1, 2017 
day. There were two people ready to get to work on the day he took office, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. These were the only two jobs the Democrats let the President fill. By the end of January in 2009, President Obama had 10 of his Cabinet Secretaries in place. His Cabinet was almost entirely set by the end of the month that he took of-fice, January 2009, but because of ongo-ing obstruction by Democrats in the Senate, President Trump still only had three Cabinet Secretaries in their jobs by the end of January. That is an in-credible level of obstruction when you compare it to what has happened his-torically. It didn’t stop with members of the Cabinet, and it didn’t just end in Janu-ary. Democrats have continued to make the Senate jump through proce-dural hoops. In President Obama’s first 6 months of office, 206 people were con-firmed to serve in his administration. In President Trump’s first 6 months, Democrats continued to block the way, allowing us to approve only 55 nomi-nees for those first 6 months. So Presi-dent Obama had nearly four confirma-tions for every one of President Trump’s over the same period of time. The difference is stark and the reason is simple: Democrats have been putting up roadblocks, one after another, on even the most noncontroversial of nominees. It is not how things worked in the past in previous administra-tions. Many of these nominees for im-portant jobs would get approved by what we call in the Senate unanimous consent or by a voice vote. Republicans have been willing to let a lot of Democrats take their jobs without wasting time on rollcall votes and running out the clock. In President Obama’s first 6 months in office, Re-publicans allowed 182 of his nominees to be confirmed by unanimous consent or voice vote. That is almost 90 percent of the jobs filled in those first 6 months by unanimous consent—general agree-ment—but in the same time, the Demo-crats only allowed five of President Trump’s nominees to get through with-out a rollcall vote. That is the level of Democratic obstructionism. They have been blocking judges, Cab-inet Secretaries, and other high-rank-ing officials. Many of these nominees even had Democratic support. It is in-teresting. Democrats have supported many of these so they weren’t con-troversial at all. Democrats in the Sen-ate forced us to file cloture 34 times on people nominated to fill important jobs in the U.S. Government. We had to force the Democrats to act. In President Obama’s first 6 months, there were only eight cloture votes. There is no way Democrats can argue that they had principled objections to these 34 nominees where we had to file cloture on their nominations. The only explanation is that they did not want the President to have his team in place. When you take a look at these 34 people whom we had to go ahead and file cloture on, half of them ended up getting 60 or more votes for their con-firmation so they had support by Democrats as well as the Republicans. There was no reason—no need to slow them down other than obstruction of the President. One nominee whom we had to file cloture on and go all the way through the process even received a unanimous confirmation vote—a roll-call vote in the U.S. Senate—100 to 0. Yet the Democratic leader made us file a motion to proceed and get a cloture vote on this individual whom then they approved 100 to 0. Why the need to go through this? Democrats blocked him as long as they could. Yet not a single Democrat then stood to vote against him when his name was called for a rollcall vote. So why are Democrats blocking votes on people whom they then intend to sup-port and do support with their votes? They are just trying to slow things down. The Democratic leader actually admitted that was his plan during the debate over confirming the No. 2 per-son at the Pentagon. It is someone whom the Senate actually confirmed with 92 votes in his favor. Yet they slowed him down. Then he received 92 votes. Republicans wanted to speed up the process a little. Senator S
CHUMER ob-jected. Did he have a problem with the nominee’s qualifications? No. The Democratic leader said on the floor: ‘‘We would be happy to consider the nominee in regular order, and maybe once things change a little bit in healthcare, we can.’’ It had nothing to do with the person who was nominated, nothing to do with anything, according to Senator S
CHU-
MER, other than the fact that we were discussing healthcare in this country. It had nothing to do with the impor-tance of the position that was going to be filled in the Pentagon. It was all be-cause Democrats were trying to stall the debate over healthcare reform. There are the numbers: nominees con-firmed in the first 6 months for Obama, 206; President Trump, 25. Republicans are trying to keep the Federal Government functioning by filling these jobs that had been empty. Healthcare is a very separate thing. Both of these are important. The only thing they have in common is the Democrats have been playing politics with both of them. It is not normal. It is not acceptable. The Democrats’ blockade against President Trump’s nominees has caused what I believe has been a dangerous backlog. We still have 84 people who have been nomi-nated by the President for positions in the government who have cleared the committees and are now just waiting for a vote on the Senate floor—slowed down by Democratic obstruction. Democrats are trying their best to drag this out, it seems to me, as long as they possibly can. The Senate rules say that means up to 30 hours of debate once we vote to move forward on a nomination. Maybe that is too long. Senator RONJOHNSON wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post over the weekend with the headline: ‘‘Let’s break this Senate logjam.’’ He suggests we cut the time back from 30 hours of debate to 2 hours of debate. That would certainly speed things up, and maybe that is the step we are going to have to take if this level of obstruction continues. Whatever we do, we cannot allow this logjam to continue. These are impor-tant jobs—important positions. The American people deserve to have some-one doing their work. Last Friday, after the healthcare vote, Senator S
CHUMER called for us to work together. He said: ‘‘There are things we can do rather quickly, in-cluding moving a whole lot of nomina-tions.’’ I am going to hold the Demo-cratic leader to his word on this. Let him show that he meant what he said. We should be able to clear the decks of these 84 nominees who have come through the Senate committee, who have been approved by the committee and are waiting here to be confirmed. We should do it by unanimous consent. If Democrats object to one or two of them, let’s have a rollcall vote so we can get it on the record. It is time to stop this mindless obstruction that serves no purpose except to delay. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. (Mr. BARRASSO assumed the Chair.) Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Kevin Newsom, for-merly Alabama’s solicitor general and currently the President’s nominee for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Elev-enth Circuit. He is someone whom the Presiding Officer knows well, having himself been the solicitor general for the State of Texas before he became a U.S. Sen-ator. I believe Kevin Newsom to be an ex-ceptional choice for this high honor. I have the utmost regard for his intellect and integrity. Kevin grew up in Birmingham, AL. He graduated first in his class from Samford University in Birmingham and went on to graduate with highest honors from Harvard Law School, as the Presiding Officer did. One month prior to Harvard Law School, Kevin married his wife Debo-rah. They went on to have two sons, Chapman and Marshall James, who are now 12 and 14 years old respectively. Kevin is no stranger to the court-room. He began his legal career as a law clerk on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for Judge O’Scannlain, as well as U.S. Supreme Court Justice David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Aug 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.012 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4640 August 1, 2017 
Souter. He has argued four cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. In 2011 and again in 2014, Kevin was appointed to the Advisory Committee on Appellate Rules by Chief Justice John Roberts. This is a signal honor, as the Presiding Officer knows. He is one of only 3 private practitioners on the 10-person committee. Currently, Kevin serves as the chair-man of his firm’s appellate group and has been recognized by several national publications and organizations for his leadership in the legal field. As the former solicitor general of Alabama, Kevin has proved to be an ex-ceptionally skilled attorney. He under-stands and respects the law, and I be-lieve he will be an asset to our Nation’s judicial system as a Federal judge on the Eleventh Circuit. Moreover, the American Bar Association unani-mously gave Kevin a ‘‘well qualified’’ rating to serve on the Eleventh Cir-cuit—the highest possible rec-ommendation they are able to give. I am confident that Kevin Newsom will serve honorably and apply the law with impartiality and fairness, which I believe is required of all judges. I be-lieve that President Trump has made the right decision in selecting Kevin Newsom to sit on the Eleventh Circuit. I am hopeful that later today my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will vote to confirm Kevin Newsom without any reservations. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RETURN OF PAPERS —H.J. RES. 76 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the papers with respect to H.J. Res. 76 be returned to the House of Representatives at their request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 2:15 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of Calendar No. 178, the nomina-tion of Christopher Wray to be Director of the FBI. I further ask that there be 4 hours of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. I further ask that following disposition of the Wray nom-ination, all postcloture time on the Newsom nomination be considered ex-pired. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:31 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read the nomination of Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation for a term of ten years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 4 hours of debate equally divided in the usual form. The President pro tempore, the Sen-ator from Utah, is recognized. 
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY ACT  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rep-resent a generation of lawmakers brought up on the principles of biparti-sanship and compromise, and I believe these very virtues are the key to my success as a legislator. By putting these principles in practice as chair-man of the Finance Committee, I was able to pass more than 40 bills into law during the last Congress, and by work-ing with my friends across the aisle over many decades of public service, I have been able to pass more legislation than anyone alive today. I draw from these personal experi-ences to illustrate a simple point: In an era of endless gridlock and increasing polarization, there is no alternative to civility and healthy debate. We would do well to remember this in light of the frustrations we have all felt over the past several months. The Senate is capable of so much more than it is today. I know because I have seen the Senate at its best, and I have seen the Senate when regular order was the norm, when legislation was debated in committee, and when Members worked constructively with one another for the good of the coun-try. I have seen the Senate when it truly lived up to its reputation as the world’s greatest deliberative body. I believe we can again see this body at its best, but restoring the Senate to its proper function requires real change on all sides. It begins by recognizing that all of us here, Democrats and Re-publicans alike, are to some extent cul-pable for the current dysfunction. If we want to break free of the current grid-lock and if we want to show the Amer-ican people we are serious about legis-lating, then we have to be honest with ourselves, and we have to recognize that laying all the blame on the other side is as counterproductive as it is dis-ingenuous. Most importantly, we must be will-ing to work in good faith with Mem-bers of the opposite party. All too often, we miss the opportunity to ef-fect meaningful change by hiding be-hind partisan differences. We must take the opposite course by renewing our efforts to reach across the aisle to overcome division and forge consensus. There is no better template for effec-tive, bipartisan legislating. This is the model I have followed for decades for the betterment of Utah and the Nation, and it is the model I have followed most recently in working with my dear friend Senator COONS to intro-duce the International Communica-tions Privacy Act, or what we affec-tionately refer to as ICPA. ICPA is more than just a common-sense proposal that updates law en-forcement for the modern age; it is a symbol of what our two parties can ac-complish when we lay aside petty dif-ferences and come together for the good of our Nation. In crafting this proposal, Senator C
OONS and I took great pains to strengthen international data privacy protections while also en-hancing law enforcement’s ability to access data across borders. This issue has long been a priority of mine. I have spoken about it at length both here on the Senate floor and in other venues and have introduced legis-lation on the subject over multiple Congresses. Most recently, I came to the Senate floor to explain how the rise of cloud and remote network com-puting has transformed the way we store data and to describe the implica-tions of that transformation for our data privacy laws. Until relatively recently, most elec-tronic data was housed in personal computers or on servers located in of-fices or homes. This meant that in order to access data, a person could simply go to the relevant location and retrieve it. That is no longer the case. Nowadays, much of our data is stored not on home or office computers but in the cloud—a network of remote servers spread throughout the world that al-lows us to access data from literally anywhere. Data pertaining to a single individual or even to a single document may be stored at multiple sites spread across countries or even continents. This has profound implications for data privacy. To begin with, our pri-vacy laws require government officials to obtain a warrant before they can ac-cess many types of electronic commu-nications. Warrants, however, tradi-tionally have stopped at the warrant’s edge. This means that if a law enforce-ment agent is investigating a crime here in the United States but a key piece of information is stored on a re-mote server outside the United States, the agent may have significant dif-ficulty obtaining the information. Without a warrant or the ability to get a warrant, the agent may have to use diplomatic channels to obtain the in-formation—a process that can be ex-tremely slow and cumbersome. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.014 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4641 August 1, 2017 
Our privacy laws also prohibit disclo-sure to foreign entities. This means that when a foreign government is in-vestigating a crime within its borders and a key piece of information is stored in the United States, the foreign government must likewise work through diplomatic channels to obtain the information. The growing prevalence of cloud and remote network computing has put law enforcement into increasing conflict with these sorts of restrictions. Crime knows no borders. A child pornog-rapher in Bangalore may post photos of an American victim on a British server which can be accessed worldwide. A U.S. official investigating the crime may need information stored on the British server in order to track down the culprit. If the server was in the United States, the official could simply issue a warrant. But that tool isn’t available in this scenario because the server is overseas. Moreover, the United Kingdom may have a statute, similar to our own law, that prohibits British service providers from disclosing communications to for-eign entities. Diplomatic channels exist for sharing such data, but these channels are exceptionally slow and can take months or even years to proc-ess requests. In the meantime, crimes go unpunished and perpetrators dis-appear. This state of affairs is simply not tenable. We cannot allow outdated laws to hamstring law enforcement efforts in this way. At the same time, we must adequately protect Americans’ privacy against unwarranted government in-trusion. Some have suggested that the answer is to simply extend the reach of U.S. warrants worldwide. This, however, is not a viable solution as foreign disclo-sure laws can and do conflict with U.S. laws. Extending the reach of U.S. war-rants without reasonable limits would thus place service providers in the im-possible position of having to choose which country’s laws to violate—ours or the foreign jurisdiction’s. What we need is a sensible regime with clear rules that determine access based on factors that matter to the person whose data is being sought. At the same time, we need to take proper account of the laws and interests of other countries, especially our allies. We ought to avoid, wherever possible, trampling on other nations’ sov-ereignty or ignoring their own citizens’ legitimate claims to privacy. Accord-ingly, ICPA sets clear rules for when and how U.S. law enforcement can ac-cess electronic data based on the loca-tion and nationality of the person whose data is being sought. Here is what the bill says: If a person is a U.S. national or is lo-cated in the United States, law en-forcement may compel disclosure, re-gardless of where the data is stored, provided the data is accessible from a U.S. computer and law enforcement uses proper criminal process. If a person is not a U.S. national, however, and is not located in the United States, then different rules apply. These rules are founded on three principles: respect, comity, and reci-procity. First, respect. If U.S. law enforce-ment wishes to access data belonging to a non-U.S. national located outside the United States, then U.S. law en-forcement must first notify the per-son’s country of citizenship and pro-vide that country an opportunity to object. This shows respect to the other country and gives it an opportunity to assert the privacy rights of its citizen. Second, comity. If, after receiving notice, the other country lodges an ob-jection, a U.S. court undertakes a com-ity analysis to determine whose inter-ests should rightly prevail—the U.S. interests in obtaining the data or the foreign interests in safeguarding the privacy of its citizen. As a part of this analysis, the court considers such fac-tors as the location of the crime, the seriousness of the crime, the impor-tance of the data to the investigation, and the possibility of accessing the data through other means. Third, reciprocity. In order to receive notice and an opportunity to object, the other country must provide recip-rocal rights to the United States. This ensures that the U.S. provides its own citizens an equal or greater level of protection against foreign requests for data. It also offers incentives to foreign governments to properly safeguard the data of U.S. citizens within their bor-ders. Up to this point, I have been focusing on requests by U.S. law enforcement for data stored outside the United States, but there is another side to the problem, and that is what happens when foreign law enforcement requests data stored inside the United States. As I have mentioned, our privacy laws prohibit disclosure to foreign enti-ties. Suppose a British subject com-mitted a crime in Britain but data rel-evant to the investigation is stored in the United States. Even if British law provides for extraterritorial process, a UK official investigating the crime will be unable to obtain the data because U.S. law prevents disclosure to foreign officials. As with U.S. requests for data in other countries, diplomatic channels exist for sharing such data, but these channels are slow and extremely cum-bersome. Accordingly, for the past several months, I have been working with Sen-ator G
RAHAM and others to find a solu-tion for this second part of the prob-lem. Senator G
RAHAM , together with Senator W
HITEHOUSE , convened a hear-ing in May of this year that I believe highlighted the need for action. I have also met with Ambassadors and other high-ranking foreign officials who have impressed upon me the challenges they are facing under existing U.S. law. I think we need to address this sec-ond side of the problem—foreign re-quests for data in the United States— as well. We need to address it in con-junction with the first side—U.S. re-quests for data in other countries. It will not do to give foreign authori-ties readier access to data stored in the United States without likewise clari-fying U.S. law enforcement’s ability to obtain data stored abroad. Similarly, it is inconceivable to me that we would open our doors to foreign law enforce-ment requests while telling U.S. law enforcement that data in other coun-tries is off-limits. Surely, we should not prefer foreign criminal investiga-tions over domestic ones. I believe these two issues—ICPA and the bilateral United States-United Kingdom agreement—are inextricably linked. I have worked in good faith with Senator GRAHAM and with Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE to find a path forward on these issues. It is my firm belief that we need to move these two issues together. Everyone has a vested inter-est in privacy, and everyone has a vest-ed interest in bringing criminals to jus-tice. We are going to work together on this. In closing, I would emphasize one ad-ditional point. The question of wheth-er, when, and under what cir-cumstances the United States should authorize law enforcement access to data stored abroad is a question for Congress. There have been suggestions in some corridors that this is a ques-tion for the courts to decide. I em-phatically reject that question. This is a policy question for Congress. We should not defer to the courts’ in-terpretation of a statute that was passed 30 years ago with no thought or comprehension of the situation we face today. Subject to constitutional con-straints, it is Congress’s job to set the bounds of government’s investigatory powers. We decide what government of-ficials can and cannot do. We should not pass the buck to the judiciary merely because this is a complicated issue. We shouldn’t do that. The International Communications Privacy Act provides critical guidance to law enforcement while respecting the laws and interests of our allies. It brings a set of simple, straightforward rules to a chaotic area of the law and creates an example for other countries to follow. It is a balanced approach and a smart approach, and it deserves this body’s full-throated support. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, when polls ask Americans what issues are most important to them, one topic seems to score high every time: jobs and the economy. It is not surprising. The American people have had a rough time over the past few years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.017 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4642 August 1, 2017 
The Obama years were characterized by long-term economic stagnation. Jobs and opportunities were few and far between. Wage growth was almost nonexistent, and yearly economic growth alternated between weak and woeful. During the last year of the Obama administration—years, I might add, after the recession ended—economic growth averaged a dismal 1.5 percent. That is barely half of the growth need-ed for a healthy economy. There have been some encouraging signs over the past few months. Eco-nomic growth for the second quarter of 2017 was stronger. We still have a way to go to get to where we need to be. Things still need to get better and bet-ter faster. Another thing is, we want things to get better for the long term. During the Obama administration, there were periods of reasonable economic growth, but they were quickly followed by weak periods. That is not good enough. We need to put our economy on a strong, healthy footing for the long term. How do we do this? How do we get back on the path to long-term eco-nomic health? One important thing we can do is reform our outdated, ineffi-cient, and growth-stifling Tax Code. The Tax Code might not be the first thing people think of when they think of economic growth, but it actually plays a huge rule in every aspect of our economy. It helps determine how much money you have left over to save or in-vest or whether you can afford a car or a house. When it comes to businesses, it can be the key to determining whether a young business gets off the ground or an existing business has the money to grow and to hire new work-ers. Unfortunately, our current Tax Code is not helping our economy. Too often, American families find their opportu-nities limited by the size of the tax bill they owe to Uncle Sam. Large and small businesses alike find themselves struggling under heavy tax burdens that compromise their ability to grow and compete. What does tax reform need to look like? On the individual side, of course, we need to lower income tax rates to put more money in Americans’ pock-ets. American families should be the ones deciding how to spend their earn-ings and not Washington bureaucrats. On the business side, there are two important things we can do that will have long-term benefits for economic growth: first, lower tax rates for all types of businesses—sole proprietor-ships, S corporations, limited liability companies, and corporations; and, sec-ond, accelerate the rate at which busi-nesses can recover their investment costs to free up money for them to re-invest in their businesses, create new jobs, and increase wages. When it comes to lowering business tax rates, there are several things we need to do. For starters, we need to lower our Nation’s corporate tax rate. The United States has the highest cor-porate tax rate in the developed world. That puts American businesses at a competitive disadvantage in the global economy. When American businesses are taxed at a far higher rate than their foreign competitors, it is likely to be the for-eign, rather than the American, com-panies that expand and thrive. It is not just our high corporate tax rate that puts American businesses at a competitive disadvantage. It is also our outdated worldwide tax system. If we want American businesses to stay competitive in the global economy, we need to move from a worldwide tax sys-tem to a territorial tax system. The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator O
RRIN HATCH , de-livered a speech the other day explain-ing exactly why we need to move to a territorial system. I highly recommend reading his full speech, but I am going to take just a moment to highlight some of the points he made in that speech. What does it mean to have a world-wide tax system? Under a worldwide tax system, American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make here at home, as well as any profit they make abroad, once they bring that money back here home to the United States. The problem with this is twofold. First, these companies are already pay-ing taxes to foreign governments on the money they make abroad. While the current Tax Code gives them some credit for those foreign tax payments, they can still end up paying some U.S. taxes when they bring that money home, meaning they are being taxed twice on those profits. This discourages companies from bringing their profits home to invest in their domestic operations in the United States. If the tax burden for bringing that money home is too great, they have a strong incentive to leave that money abroad and invest it in foreign workers and foreign economies. The other problem is, most other major world economies have shifted from a worldwide tax system to a terri-torial tax system. In a territorial tax system, you pay taxes on the money you earn where you make it and only there. You aren’t taxed again when you bring money back to your home coun-try. Most of American companies’ foreign competitors have been operating under a territorial tax system for years so they are paying a lot less in taxes than American companies are. That leaves American companies at a competitive disadvantage. These foreign companies can under-bid American companies for new busi-ness simply because they don’t have to add as much in taxes into the price of their products or services. By moving to a territorial tax system in the United States—a move that is sup-ported, by the way, by Members of both parties—we can put American compa-nies on an even footing with their glob-al competitors. With a territorial tax system and a lower corporate tax rate, we can pro-vide a strong reason for companies to keep their operations in the United States and to bring their profits back home, instead of incentivizing compa-nies to send their operations overseas the way they do now. Improving the competitiveness of American companies and giving them a reason to invest their profits back home will have huge economic bene-fits, not only for American companies who are competing in the global mar-ketplace but also for all the small- and medium-sized companies that form the supply chain here in the United States. For every American company that operates in countries around the world, there are countless companies here at home that supply the raw material for the products that are sold abroad— businesses that handle the packaging and the shipping of those products and enterprises that supply support serv-ices like accounting and legal and pay-roll services. The list goes on. America’s global companies rely on a web of supporting businesses that spans the entire United States. As a result, when American companies are successful, so is the American economy. Obviously, lowering corporate tax rates and moving to a territorial tax system will have the most impact on American companies with an inter-national footprint. Tax reform also has to focus on that other engine of eco-nomic growth; that is, the American small business. Like bigger businesses, small busi-nesses currently face high tax rates, at times even exceeding those paid by large corporations. Lowering tax rates for small businesses has to be a part of any tax reform bill. A dollar saved in lower tax rates is a dollar a small business owner can put back into the business to expand, to add another worker, or to give employ-ees a raise. The other thing we can do for small businesses is to allow them to recover their investments in inventory, machinery, and the like faster. Under current law, small- and me-dium-sized corporations are often re-quired to use a method of accounting known as accrual accounting. Basi-cally, what that means is, a business has to pay tax on income before it re-ceives the cash and cannot deduct all of its expenses when it pays the in-voice. For investments in equipment and fa-cilities, the delay in recovering the cost of the investment can be even longer. For instance, right now, the cost of a computer is recovered over 5 years; tractors, over 7 years; and com-mercial buildings, over 39 years. For many businesses, this means it can be many years before that substan-tial investment can be fully deducted. That can leave a business extremely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.018 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4643 August 1, 2017 
cash poor. Cash-poor businesses don’t expand, they don’t hire new workers, and they don’t increase wages. Boosting small businesses’ available cash by allowing them to recover their investments faster is one of the most important things we can do to help small businesses thrive. I have actually introduced legisla-tion that would do just that. My bill, which is called the INVEST Act, fo-cuses on allowing new businesses to re-cover their startup costs more quickly and allowing existing small- and me-dium-sized businesses and farms and ranches to recover their investments faster, and in some cases deducting the acquisition costs immediately. All of the tax reform priorities I have discussed today, and more, will be part of the final tax reform package that we develop in the U.S. Senate. Members of the tax-writing commit-tees, in both the Senate and the House, have spent years working out the best approach to tax reform. Both commit-tees have redoubled their efforts this year, even as the Senate and the House took up a variety of different prior-ities. Last week, leaders from the Senate, the House, and the administration an-nounced that the Senate Finance Com-mittee, of which I am a member, and the House Ways and Means Committee would begin putting together a final version of a tax reform package. Our goal is for the Senate and House to take up and pass the legislation some-time this fall. I am looking forward to working with Chairman H
ATCH and all of my colleagues in the Senate Finance Com-mittee to put together that final bill, because American families and busi-nesses are counting on us to enact a tax system that works for them and not against them. That is what we in-tend to give them. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that quorum calls during consider-ation of the Wray nomination be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the 10th anni-versary of the collapse of the I–35W bridge and to pay tribute to those who lost their lives on that tragic summer day, as well as all the first responders, healthcare workers, and ordinary citi-zens who did extraordinary things on this day 10 years ago. First, I want to acknowledge one other topic; that is, this evening we will be voting on the nomination of Christopher Wray to serve as the FBI Director. I was proud to join all of my colleagues on the Judiciary Com-mittee—now, it is not an ordinary thing to have happen on its own that we all agree on something—from both sides of the aisle to support Mr. Wray’s nomination in committee on July 20 with a unanimous vote of support. In his hearing, Mr. Wray showed that he has integrity, that he will follow the law, and that he believes in the impor-tance of an independent FBI. Senators on both sides of the aisle asked him strong and tough questions. Given this important time in our Nation’s history for law enforcement and for the FBI, I don’t think you would expect anything less. Mr. Wray handled the questions well. He was knowledgeable, but most im-portantly for me, he showed respect for the agents, and he showed respect for his predecessors, both Mr. Mueller and Mr. Comey. He showed respect for the law, and he understood the somber time in which he comes in to take this job. In particular, Mr. Wray said that if he were asked to do something illegal or unethical, he would urge the Presi-dent not to proceed with such a course of action, and he would resign if nec-essary. Mr. Wray also responded to Senator GRAHAM that he did not con-sider Special Counsel Mueller to be on a witch hunt, and he agreed that any-one running for elected office should notify the FBI if a foreign government offers assistance on a political cam-paign. Mr. Wray also agreed with the con-cerns I raised that are posed by orga-nized criminals, including those from foreign governments or who work for foreign governments, hiding their money in shell companies. He said that we had to ‘‘follow the money.’’ With news reports that the eighth person in the meeting with Donald Trump, Jr., Paul Manafort, and a lawyer connected to the Russian Government was a Rus-sian who has been linked to money laundering, this issue is as important as ever. In addition, Mr. Wray pledged to con-tinue the FBI’s efforts to work with the Election Assistance Commission and to address cyber security threats to our election infrastructure, so it is not just investigating things backward. A lot of what fighting crime is about— and I certainly knew this in my time as county attorney in Hennepin Coun-ty—is making sure you protect people going forward. The FBI has enormous responsibilities going forward with cyber security, not only for our elec-tions but for our government and also for business and for individual citizens. Importantly, Mr. Wray promised to be responsive to requests from the Ju-diciary Committee as it carries out its oversight responsibilities. Those were questions posed to him by the commit-tee’s chairman, Senator G
RASSLEY . This is a tough time to take this tough job. The previous FBI Director, as we know, was fired because of the Russia investigation. The former Act-ing Attorney General was fired, and we have had a slew of other firings throughout the government over the last few months. Well, I believe Christopher Wray is someone who will come in there with the integrity that is needed to do the job for those brave agents who go to work every day, not wearing a political button. They just go to do their work to protect us. I also believe he is the right choice at this time for our coun-try. I am very proud of the work the FBI in Minnesota has done, especially in the past year, with the stabbing we had at the shopping mall. The police chief there often talks about how there was so much going on at that moment, and the FBI was able to come in and help with that investigation in a significant way, so the police chief could not only work on the investigation with his offi-cers but also calm the community, work with them, and do the other work that had to be done in the aftermath of that tragic stabbing. That is just one example of our FBI in Minnesota, but I think every Mem-ber in this Chamber has examples in their own communities, and that is why it is important to have someone of the caliber of Christopher Wray take charge. I look forward to voting for his confirmation this evening. I–35W BRIDGE COLLAPSE ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the I–35W bridge, and, as I said earlier, this was a tragedy that captivated not only my State but the country and the world. It was 10 years ago to the day that the I–35W bridge collapsed into the Mississippi River, taking the lives of 13 people and injur-ing over 100. I will never forget the shock and horror of that day. Everyone in my State remembers where they were when they heard that the bridge had collapsed. As I said that day, a bridge just shouldn’t fall down in the middle of America—not an eight-lane highway, not a bridge just a few blocks from my house that I drive over every single day with my family. But it happened, and when something like that happens, a lot of it has to do with, yes, what caused it—you want to know that—but also you want to know how the com-munity responded, and that gets to the part that I really wanted to focus on today. In the minutes and the hours fol-lowing the disaster, the response of Minnesota’s firefighters, police, hos-pital personnel, emergency personnel, and ordinary citizens was nothing short of heroic. People did not run away from that disaster. They ran to-ward it. Everyone remembers the video of the off-duty firefighter diving in, over and over again, looking for survivors, or they remember that school bus precar-iously hanging on the edge of that bro-ken-down bridge, where ordinary peo-ple had come to help on this broken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.019 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4644 August 1, 2017 
bridge as the school bus rested on the side, ready to fall. To get the kids off the bridge—they were just going to a summer camp and coming home for the day—the driver was helping them out one by one by one, not leaving that bus until every single kid got off the bus. During the first 2 hours after the bridge fell down, the Minneapolis Emergency Communications Center re-ceived and processed over 500 calls, 51 of which came directly from the scene of the disaster. The eyes of the Nation were on our State, and what they saw that day was the very best of Minnesota. That tre-mendous spirit of community is what carried us through the dark days after the bridge collapsed. I remember going there with then-Senator Coleman the next morning with the Transportation Secretary. There were already, lit-erally, billboards the morning after, di-recting people where to go because this involved a major highway and telling them what buses would be working and which way they should go. That is a community responding. Senator Coleman and I pledged that day that we would work with Congress-man Oberstar, who was a major force— who sadly is no longer with us—on the House Transportation Committee and then, of course, with Congressman E
LLISON , who is the Congressman for that district. Senator Coleman and I pledged to get the money, and we secured $250 million in emergency bridge reconstruction funding in just the first few days. It was a bipartisan effort, and I was proud to have the support of so many people in this Chamber. As a result of that— and maybe this is a lesson in light of what we heard in Senator M
CCAIN’s beautiful speech and in light of what we know we still need to be doing with infrastructure in this country—with President Bush’s help and with bipar-tisan support, we rebuilt that huge bridge in Minnesota in a little over a year. Literally 13 months later, I was driving over that bridge to my house. It is a shining example of what we can accomplish when we put politics aside to get big things done. I believe the I–35W bridge can and should be a model, not just of a tragic disaster and of our declining infrastructure, which it certainly is, but also a model of how we can fix things—a Republican Sen-ator working with a Democratic Sen-ator, and we got it done. We have made some progress in this Chamber when it comes to infrastruc-ture. In 2015, Democrats and Repub-licans worked together to pass the Fix-ing America’s Surface Transportation Act or FAST Act, led by Senator M
CCONNELL , the leader, with Senator Boxer. They don’t agree on much, but they worked hard to get that bill done. I have always loved that it was called the FAST Act. It is kind of a scary thing to name a bill in Congress these days, but they named it that, and it got done. It was a long-term reauthor-ization bill that increased transpor-tation funding from existing revenue streams and helped provide certainty for local governments planning critical projects. Under the FAST Act, Minnesota is scheduled to receive more than $4 bil-lion in funding over 5 years, which will help to ensure that our infrastructure is safe and efficient, and by the last year, it will be an increase of about $100 million just for our State over what we were getting the year before we passed the FAST Act. But we still need to do more. This year, the American Society of Civil Engineers, which every so often comes out with grades of the Nation’s infrastructure, gave America’s infra-structure a grade of D-plus. While other countries are running ahead with infrastructure investments, we are still standing still. Even with the FAST Act, it doesn’t propel us into the fu-ture, where we want to be. As we know—and as the Presiding Officer knows from his own State of North Da-kota—we are an export State; we are an export country. We have to bring goods to market, and we have to bring goods into the United States. We also have to bring people to their jobs, and we can’t do that if we have infrastruc-ture—roads, bridges, rails, locks, and dams—that was set up for the last cen-tury. Standing still means falling be-hind in this global economy. In Min-nesota, we know the cost of neglecting our roads and bridges. Our country needs to build roads, bridges, airports, locks, dams, and rails that work. While safety should always be our first priority, it shouldn’t be our only expectation. Our infrastructure should help farmers from the Presiding Offi-cer’s home State of North Dakota and my State of Minnesota to get crops to market quickly. Small businesses have to grow, and workers have to get to their jobs. Let’s not forget about updating our energy grid, repairing and replacing our water infrastructure and sewers, and making sure all Americans have access to broadband—not just low- speed broadband but high-speed broadband. I don’t want to hear about another farmer going to the McDon-ald’s parking lot to do his business or a doctor in northern Minnesota going to look at his x rays. If he couldn’t use the hospital, he couldn’t look at x rays at home or anywhere except another coffee store parking lot. That makes no sense. If our deteriorating infrastructure goes unaddressed, it will cost our econ-omy nearly $4 trillion by 2025, leading to a loss of over 2 million jobs. If we address it, we can create millions of jobs. Here are some ideas. Senators M
ARK W
ARNER of Virginia and R OYBLUNT of Missouri have a bipartisan bill that I am part of that would establish an in-frastructure financing authority to complement existing funding and ex-pand overall infrastructure invest-ments by providing new incentives to increase private sector spending. An-other idea is to reform our Tax Code— and we have to do a lot of work on that—to simplify it and to create in-centives for businesses to invest right here in America. We can also provide incentives to bring back trillions of dollars of foreign earnings. But if we do that, we have to make sure a chunk of it goes into infrastructure. Of course, these tools should supple-ment and not replace direct Federal funding because, especially when it comes to rural America, we are not going to see the same kind of public- private partnership that you might in other, more populated areas of the country. So it has to be a combination of funding sources to make this work for every State, especially for rural America. I am committed to moving forward in a bipartisan way to address our infra-structure needs and to prevent another tragedy like the collapse of the I–35W bridge. It is time to work together to make this happen. I actually believe the Senate is a place where we can make this happen. We showed the abil-ity to get through a major infrastruc-ture bill just 2 years ago, and we can do it again. Today, on this 10th anniversary, we honor the victims, and their families, of that I–35W bridge collapse. We recog-nize the bravery of the first responders, who were incredible, and the 911 opera-tors, who did their duty and answered those calls and got the help where they were supposed to go, and the doctors, nurses, ER people, ambulance workers, and everyone else. Today, we also—and I can’t think of a better time, when we are going through a difficult period, as we are in our country—remember the actions of ordinary citizens who could have just said: Oh, this looks scary; I am going home. They didn’t do that. They didn’t run away from the disaster; they ran toward it. Ordinary citizens did ex-traordinary things. Why? Because they cared about their fellow citizens. Be-cause they knew that while maybe they had crossed over that bridge 5 minutes before it collapsed and could see it in their rearview mirror, or maybe they were approaching the bridge and actually saw it collapse—if it weren’t for a 5-minute or 1-minute or 30-second difference, it would have been them on that bridge, and they knew that, and that is why they helped. That is what America is really all about. It is not just a lottery where only certain people win and certain people lose. You have to put yourselves in the shoes of other people and think, we are all on one team. That is what this democracy is about, and that is what we saw on this day 10 years ago, August 1, in Minnesota. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I will support the nomination of Christopher Wray to be the next Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.022 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4645 August 1, 2017 
I met with Mr. Wray prior to his hearing, and I have carefully reviewed his record and listened to his hearing testimony. I believe he is well qualified and that he is sensitive to the fact that the FBI Director needs to be inde-pendent from this President and this Administration. We are at a perilous moment in our history. Director Comey was fired by President Trump after he refused to pledge his loyalty to President Trump and after he publicly acknowledged that the FBI was investigating links between the Trump campaign and Rus-sia. In the 109-year history of the FBI, only one FBI Director had ever been fired before. That director, William Sessions, was dismissed for serious eth-ical violations—not because the FBI was investigating the administration. Not since Watergate and the Saturday Night Massacre of October 20, 1973, has a President dismissed the head of an ongoing investigation into his adminis-tration. From his own statements to NBC News and to Russian officials in the Oval Office, we know that President Trump wanted FBI Director Comey gone because of the Russia investiga-tion. Let’s be clear—Russia attacked our democracy last year. Almost every day, there is a new revelation about Russian contacts with the Trump cam-paign and administration. We owe it to the American people to get to the bot-tom of what happened. Fortunately, we now have a special counsel, Bob Mueller, who is inves-tigating whether any crimes were com-mitted. We also need to make sure no foreign adversary can interfere with our elections again. It is imperative that the next FBI Director allow Spe-cial Counsel Mueller to conduct his in-vestigation without interference and that the FBI provide Mueller with ac-cess to the information and resources he needs. It is also imperative that we have an FBI Director who will carry out the functions of the office with independ-ence, integrity, and a firm commit-ment to the rule of law. I appreciate that Mr. Wray shares my view that the FBI Director should avoid meeting with President Trump one-on-one and that the FBI Director would be well-advised to make contem-poraneous written records of any sub-stantive conversations with President Trump. Mr. Wray also told me he has no rea-son to doubt the intelligence commu-nity’s conclusion that Russia inter-fered in our election. I look forward to hearing more from Mr. Wray on this subject after he is confirmed and has reviewed the classified intelligence. He also committed to work with me to address the scourge of illicit gun trafficking coming into the city of Chi-cago and to work with me on efforts to reduce youth exposure to violent trau-ma. I asked Mr. Wray about the criminal division’s involvement in a 2004 memo by the DOJ Office of Legal Counsel on torture. He said he was not involved in reviewing or approving this memo or any CIA interrogation techniques and that he agrees with former FBI Direc-tor Mueller that interrogation tech-niques such as painful stress positions and waterboarding are ‘‘abusive under all circumstances.’’ I appreciate his commitment to ensuring that FBI per-sonnel never use or participate in abu-sive interrogation techniques. Mr. Wray also committed to me that, if confirmed, he would review the Senate Intelligence Committee’s torture re-port, and I look forward to hearing his reflections on it. Mr. Wray told me that he agrees with former Director Comey that Federal courts and Federa1 prosecutors are ef-fective in prosecuting terrorists and obtaining valuable intelligence, which is clear when you compare our courts’ record in convicting more than 500 ter-rorists since 9/11. In contrast, military commissions have only produced eight convictions, four of which have been overturned. I appreciate Mr. Wray’s commitment to ‘‘seek to maintain and build trust with all Americans, including Muslim Americans.’’ The next FBI Director will be under incredible scrutiny. We need an FBI Di-rector who will face that pressure with integrity, independence, and a firm commitment to the rule of law. He may also have to stand up to this President if the interests of justice call for it. I believe Mr. Wray can do that, so I will support his nomination, and I hope I will be joined by my colleagues in closely monitoring the FBI to ensure Mr. Wray is effectively serving the American people and the rule of law. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I sup-ported Christopher Wray’s nomination in the Judiciary Committee to be the next Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. I did so because I believe he is qualified and—critically—I be-lieve he will stand up for the independ-ence of the FBI. Such independence has never been more at risk. We need a new FBI Director now because the Presi-dent fired the last one, Director James Comey. The President’s reason for doing so was disturbing: to take pres-sure off of the FBI’s investigation into- Russian interference in our democracy and connections between the Kremlin and the President’s campaign and ad-ministration. This came after the President first sought Director Comey’s loyalty, then pressured him to terminate the ongoing investigation into Michael Flynn, and then misled the Nation as to the reason for Direc-tor Comey’s firing. Time and again, this White House has shown it does not respect bound-aries between politics and law enforce-ment or understand that an official’s loyalty is to the Constitution, not the President. The President routinely at-tacks the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, special counsel, Act-ing FBI Director, former FBI Director, and countless others. Each attack seems more outrageous than the last. Attorney General Sessions was re-quired by Justice Department regula-tions to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. It was not discretionary. The President launched a weeklong Twitter tirade against him anyway, stating he would have never hired the Attorney General had he known he would recuse himself. In other words, the President would not have hired our Nation’s top law enforcement official had the President known he would ac-tually follow the law. Make no mistake, whether he asks for it or not, the President will demand loyalty from Mr. Wray. He has shown there are consequences for those who dare to maintain independence and fol-low the rules. Through Twitter attacks and firing top officials, the President is attempting to intimidate and improp-erly influence the behavior of our Na-tion’s top law enforcement officials. This is not normal. We should not treat it as such, nor should these offi-cials be solely responsible for pro-tecting the independence of our law en-forcement institutions. All of us, Re-publican and Democrat, must stand up to a President who seems to only stand for himself and whose relentless at-tacks on the rule of law harm the en-tire Nation. The next FBI Director will face many tests of integrity. He will be forced to make decisions, as Director Comey was, that will test his commitment to the rule of law. I believed Mr. Wray when he testified in response to my question that he would sooner resign than follow an unlawful or unethical order from the White House. While he served as the head of the Justice De-partment’s criminal division in 2004, the White House attempted to author-ize a warrantless surveillance program over the Attorney General’s objections. Mr. Wray offered to resign in solidarity with then-FBI Director Robert Mueller and then-Deputy Attorney General Comey. He takes his integrity and the integrity of our Nation’s law enforce-ment agencies seriously. I expect Mr. Wray will tenaciously guard the independence of the FBI, and I will vote to confirm his nomination today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I know that later this afternoon, we are going to vote on the nomination of Christopher Wray. I am proud to sup-port him, as I was during the Judiciary Committee, voting for him, as did every other member of the Judiciary Committee. The reason is quite simply that he is a professional, as nonpoliti-cally associated as anyone can be going into this position. Like the FBI itself, he is known for his independence and integrity. There are two qualities needed today for the FBI and its Director, and those are independence and integrity. The FBI is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.003 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4646 August 1, 2017 
one of the most important law enforce-ment agencies and certainly one of the most important in the country. The FBI Director doesn’t serve the President. He serves the Constitution and the people of the United States. He must be independent of political inter-ference, and his or her integrity must be unquestioned. The FBI deserves a leader with the integrity and strength necessary for that solemn mission, and Mr. Wray has shown himself to be that kind of leader. Those qualities are es-pecially important because never be-fore have the rule of law and our law enforcement been so threatened by po-litical interference, and it begins at the very top. The reason Christopher Wray has been nominated to serve as FBI Direc-tor is that the vacancy was created by the firing of Jim Comey for reasons that have led to an aspect of the ongo-ing investigation by the special coun-sel. The reason that position is vacant is because 3 months ago Jim Comey was fired by the President because of ‘‘the Russia thing.’’ The Russia thing was very much on the President’s mind, more so than any of the reasons given in the memos done by Attorney Gen-eral Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, according to the President himself. ‘‘The Russia thing’’ is the FBI and special counsel investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian Government to influ-ence our election. There is no question that there was a campaign of interference and meddling through cyber attacks, disinformation, propaganda, and other means, and there is no question that the Russians will do it again unless they are made to pay a price. Others may well collude or conspire with them—Americans—un-less they are compelled to pay a price. We have only to look at the morning headlines to see how far-reaching and significant this investigation may be. The news that the President himself wrote a statement to be issued in the name of his son about a meeting with the Russian who promised ‘‘dirt’’ on Hillary Clinton and directly misled about that meeting shows what is at stake. The misleading words put into the President’s son’s mouth by Donald Trump himself are potential pieces of evidence relating to criminal intent fitting the mosaic that the special counsel has assembled. They add weight and color to that mosaic; they are not alone proof. The report today is proof that cer-tainly describes a pattern of conduct— pieces of a pattern that fit together into a mosaic providing evidence of in-tent concerning potential obstruction of justice. So the likelihood of a threat is in-creasing—the threat of political inter-ference, the threat of firing Bob Mueller, the threat that Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions may be used as a ve-hicle to lead to Bob Mueller’s firing. Even before Jim Comey’s dismissal, I called for an independent special pros-ecutor at the Department of Justice. In fact, I was the only member of the Ju-diciary Committee to vote against Rod Rosenstein’s nomination as Deputy At-torney General because he failed to commit to appoint a special pros-ecutor, and I believed a special pros-ecutor was necessary not only to deter-mine the full extent of Russia’s med-dling in our democracy but also to pro-tect that investigation from the Presi-dent’s efforts to shut it down. This be-lief was brought into stark relief by Jim Comey’s firing, and it precipitated the appointment of Bob Mueller. The firing of Special Counsel Mueller would precipitate a firestorm on both sides of the aisle. It would put the President over a precipice that likely could lead to the most drastic action possible in this democracy. That preci-pice can be avoided, and Congress must play a role in avoiding it. We are in talks across the aisle about action that can be taken to provide a check and a firewall against that kind of firing— drastic action that would put the President over that precipice politi-cally and morally and legally. Also, my hope is that the new Chief of Staff, General Kelly, will add a voice of rea-son and wisdom, perhaps, to check some of the more rash and impulsive action that might otherwise be taken by the President. The special counsel was given a clear mandate to follow the evidence wher-ever it may lead. I believe that Special Counsel Mueller has the guts and back-bone, as well as the expertise, to un-cover the truth, to follow that evi-dence, and to bring charges if they are appropriate and necessary, if he is as-sured the resources and independence to do the job. That is why Christopher Wray’s nom-ination is so critically important. He will be a key decision maker in pro-viding those resources and investiga-tive agents necessary to do the legwork and the review of documents and other hard work—challenging work—that is necessary so that the special counsel may have the facts and the evidence. The FBI Director is also going to be important in assuring the independ-ence of that special counsel. As an ally and a source of support, the FBI Direc-tor will be critical. The most important priority, in fact, for Christopher Wray will be to protect the independence and integrity of that special counsel investigation just as he must protect the FBI’s, because they are intertwined and identified at the core. They involve the rule of law—the essence of our democracy—and the be-lief and trust that wrongdoing will be investigated and prosecuted no matter how powerful the target and no matter how wealthy or powerful the wrong-doer. That investigation has expanded appropriately to include financial deal-ings on the part of the President of the United States. Any attempt by the President to set limits on that inves-tigation is inappropriate and poten-tially illegal and further evidence of criminal intent. In short, the mandate for both Direc-tor Wray and Special Counsel Mueller must be unconditional. There must be no limits set by political interference. The nominee whom we vote to confirm today must sustain and secure that on-going independent investigation from any interference no matter how power-ful the source, including the President of the United States. No one can set limits, because no one is above the law, and the special counsel must have the freedom to decide where the investiga-tion will lead because he will follow the facts where they lead. The FBI Director has a broad and in-clusive mandate. In addition to pro-tecting the United States against cor-ruption and wrongdoing involving mis-use and abuse of power, he must also protect the United States against ter-rorism and foreign intelligence threats. He is charged with providing leadership services to State, Federal, and munic-ipal agencies and partners, and he is re-sponsible for protecting civil rights. On Friday, July 28, 2017, President Trump gave a speech in Selden, NY, in effect encouraging law enforcement to use or misuse excessive force. More specifically, he directed law enforce-ment not to be ‘‘too nice,’’ and he de-scribed, graphically, how officers should potentially allow arrestees to be banged on the head or otherwise mis-treated. With his comments, President Trump did a disservice to countless law enforcement officers who work hard to keep our neighborhoods safe while maintaining good relationships with the communities they serve. I will be joining with colleagues and working with the very distinguished senior Senator of California, who has joined us on the floor, in asking that our law enforcement leadership take action to express its disapproval of that kind of misconduct, and my hope is that, specifically, the Department of Justice will express its disapproval of such misconduct. The FBI has a special obligation to condemn such violations of standards and laws, and I hope that the new Di-rector, Mr. Wray, will join dozens of law enforcement leaders across the country in making clear that the President’s remarks have no place at the FBI. I believe that Christopher Wray has the experience and credi-bility and the expertise to lead the FBI in that effort, as well as in protecting the special counsel. Based on his career and his testi-mony before the Judiciary Committee, I believe that he will bring that leader-ship to the FBI. I regret that he will be the FBI Director only because it is the result of an abusive and improper fir-ing of James Comey. The special coun-sel’s investigation of that firing as a potential obstruction of justice is well warranted, and I know that Mr. Wray will do everything possible to enable it to be fair and effective, comprehensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.024 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4647 August 1, 2017 
and thorough, and to do justice. He will help the special counsel to do justice just as he will help prosecutors and law enforcement agencies across the coun-try to do justice. The future of the FBI and our Nation are truly at stake. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Connecticut for his remarks, and I would like to make a few remarks with respect to my position as ranking member on the Judiciary Committee. As has been well described, shortly, we will vote on the nomination of Christopher Wray to be the next Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion. The Judiciary Committee has re-viewed his record and held a full and complete hearing. His nomination was sent to the floor for consideration by a vote of 20 to 0—a very good vote. I am very satisfied that Mr. Wray has the qualifications and independence nec-essary to lead the FBI, so I will support Mr. Wray’s nomination to be FBI Di-rector. I wish to begin by saying just a few words about what I think, after 24 years in this place, is necessary in going forward. First, it is really important that we have a strong FBI Director. There can be no manipulation. Second, Special Counsel Robert Mueller must be allowed to proceed with his investigation undisturbed. Third, the FBI Director must manage and speak for the FBI on the basis of the Constitution and the laws of the United States, not at the dictates or requests or statements of any politi-cally elected person in this country. Fourth, the FBI Director must be independent from the White House and any political figure. This is what the FBI and the Amer-ican people need now. As you and I know, the FBI is a criti-cally important law enforcement agen-cy. It must be able to move forward with its work and with its senior lead-ership in place. As I noted at Mr. Wray’s hearing and just noted again, the FBI must be an independent law enforcement organization that is free from political influence. During his hearing and in his written responses to followup questions, Mr. Wray stated that the FBI Director must maintain ‘‘strict independence,’’ and he committed to doing the job ‘‘by the book’’ and ‘‘without regard to any partisan political influence.’’ He also testified that his loyalty is to the Con-stitution and the rule of law, not to any ideology or any individual, includ-ing the President. He was believable to all of us in those statements. Mr. Wray also testified that he would resist any efforts to interfere with FBI investigations and that he would not ‘‘pull any punches.’’ When asked what he would do if the President asked him to do something unlawful or unethical, Mr. Wray replied that he would first try to talk him out of it and that, if that failed, he would resign. These commitments are important. Especially at this moment in history, we need an FBI Director who has the strength and fortitude to stand up and do what is right by the law when test-ed. Mr. Wray has received bipartisan support from more than 100 former U.S. attorneys, who enthusiastically en-dorsed his nomination and stated their belief that Mr. Wray ‘‘is a strong and effective leader with unassailable in-tegrity, judgment and courage.’’ Ac-cording to this group, which included former Bush administration Justice Department officials like Larry Thompson and Ken Wainstein, as well as Eric Holder and Sally Yates, Mr. Wray will discharge the duties of FBI Director ‘‘with honor, independence, and a tireless commitment to the rule of law.’’ Earlier this year, when we considered other nominees for the Justice Depart-ment, I pointed out that we need lead-ers with steel spines, not weak knees. I believe that Mr. Wray will be such a leader. The issue of torture is very impor-tant to me. On this issue, I was encour-aged by Mr. Wray’s acknowledgment that torture is wrong, unacceptable, il-legal, and ineffective. He testified under oath that he did not participate in the drafting of the so-called torture memos that were issued by the Office of Legal Counsel some time ago. Mr. Wray has further testified that interro-gation techniques, such as waterboarding, painful stress positions, threatening detainees with dogs, forced nudity, and mock execution, are ‘‘abu-sive under all circumstances.’’ Importantly, for me, he has com-mitted that the FBI, under his leader-ship, will never engage in such tech-niques or other forms of torture and that it will adhere to the policy of using the Informed Interrogation Ap-proach as outlined in the Army Field Manual, which, thanks to J
OHN M
CCAIN, was added as a new law to last year’s military authorization bill. Mr. Wray also committed to me that he will read the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee’s report on the CIA’s detention and interrogation program under a former administration. On the issue of torture, as well as his independence and integrity, I take Mr. Wray at his word. As we discussed when Mr. Wray and I met in my office, I believe the next FBI Director’s inde-pendence, integrity, and commitment to the rule of law, sadly, will likely be tested by this administration. One early test may come in relation to the investigations being conducted by Special Counsel Mueller, this com-mittee, and other committees in Con-gress. Mr. Wray has committed to sup-porting and protecting the investiga-tion being conducted by Special Coun-sel Mueller, and I trust Mr. Wray will keep the Judiciary Committee of our House informed of any attempts to interfere with that investigation. Now, he has a tough job ahead of him. The FBI is our premier law en-forcement agency. It faces new crimi-nal terrorism threats every day. I re-member FBI Director Comey telling us the FBI had a counterterrorism inves-tigation going on in virtually every State in the Union. That was last year, but I assume many are still going on. On top of that, his predecessor was, as we all know, suddenly fired by the President for reasons that are ques-tionable, and that is the subject of on-going investigations. Lately, we have seen the President attempt to bully his own Attorney General, but even in the light of these challenging cir-cumstances, I believe Mr. Wray is up to the task. Based on his testimony and the com-mitments he has made to me and other members of our Judiciary Committee, I believe we on the committee will all vote to support his nomination, and, if he is confirmed, I commit to working with him to support the FBI, its mis-sion, and the some 30-plus thousand FBI agents and employees who work every day to help protect our Nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from California for her fine remarks on Mr. Wray. I am here for the same reason she is, and I thank her for also facilitating getting this through the committee in a very quick way. Thank you. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am pleased to support the nomination of Christopher Wray to be Director of the FBI. Mr. Wray possesses the skill, the character, and the unwavering commit-ment to impartial enforcement of the law we need in an FBI Director. Based on the unanimous vote Mr. Wray re-ceived from the Judiciary Committee, I am confident my colleagues believe this as well. Mr. Wray has an accomplished record as a lawyer. He was a Federal pros-ecutor for a number of years and went on to serve in various senior roles at the Department of Justice, including leading the criminal division at the De-partment. Mr. Wray earned the Department’s highest award for public service and leadership. His prior record of service demonstrates his competence in lead-ing within the Federal Government and demonstrates he will be able to lead ef-fectively at the FBI. He has shown he has the expertise needed to address the wide range of policy issues currently facing the FBI. Of course, my colleagues and I asked Mr. Wray about his positions on many such issues during his hearing. He an-swered those questions very well, but the most important thing we wanted to learn from him had to do with his view of the job and where his loyalties lie. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.025 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4648 August 1, 2017 
As all of us in this body know, when we take the oath of office, we affirm that we will support and defend the Constitution of the United States. We don’t pledge support to any member of the government or even to a political party. We pledge our loyalty to the Constitution and to the rule of law. Many Members asked Mr. Wray very pointed questions about loyalty during his hearing. I was impressed with his plainspoken, candid answers, and I take him at his word when he says that his ‘‘loyalty is to the Constitution and the rule of law’’ and when he says that he will ‘‘never allow the FBI’s work to be driven by anything other than the facts, the law, and the impartial pur-suit of justice. Period—full stop.’’ Now, if he is confirmed, Mr. Wray will step into this role at a crucial mo-ment, not only in the history of the FBI but in the history of this Nation. As we know, multiple investigations are underway, including by this body, to clearly lay out Russia’s activities that attempted to influence the 2016 election. These are important and sen-sitive investigations, and they cannot be inappropriately influenced by people in powerful positions in any way what-soever. This applies to the FBI Direc-tor. Mr. Wray was asked very directly what he would do if presented with the opportunity to influence these inves-tigations in any way. He told the com-mittee that he will not condone tam-pering with investigations and that he would resign rather than be unduly in-fluenced in any manner. Mr. Wray’s record of service and his reputation give us no reason to doubt him. He was forthright when he was asked specific questions about the events leading up to his being offered the job of FBI Director by President Trump. He made no loyalty pledges then, and I expect him never to make such a pledge moving forward. Mr. Wray will also face the challenge of running the FBI, motivating its staff, and ensuring that the FBI oper-ates effectively and efficiently. My col-leagues know I haven’t been pleased with how the FBI has—or has not—re-plied to the Judiciary Committee’s in-quiries and requests for information, and this doesn’t apply just to this Sen-ator but all the Senators on the com-mittee, and it doesn’t matter whether Republican or Democratic. They are entitled to ask questions, and they ought to get answers. That is the con-stitutional responsibility of oversight that all 535 Members of Congress have. Not being satisfied with the FBI in the past, I asked Mr. Wray directly about the FBI’s responsiveness to Members of this body. He promised me, and in turn other Members of this body, that he will prioritize responsive-ness and transparency to this body. This will allow us to do our vitally im-portant job of oversight over the Na-tion’s top law enforcement agency. I am glad Mr. Wray is ready to work in partnership with the Senate to help us perform our role very effectively. I expect to see improved responsive-ness from Mr. Wray to our letters and to see enhanced protection for whistle-blowers within the FBI who come for-ward—and they do that at great risk to themselves—to let this body know where abuses of power are going unno-ticed. We owe it to these brave people we call whistleblowers, but they are patriotic people, to give them the pro-tection they deserve. The culture for giving this protection starts at the top with the new FBI Director, Mr. Wray. As I mentioned before, Mr. Wray was voted out of our committee unani-mously. The fact that all of my col-leagues—Democratic and Republican— trusted Mr. Wray with their ‘‘yea’’ vote says what we need to know about Mr. Wray’s ability to perform the impor-tant role of FBI Director and to do it with integrity, with competence, with professionalism, and the utmost re-spect for the Constitution and the rule of law. We can’t ask for Mr. Wray to do anything more than that. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Christopher Wray as the next Director of the FBI. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I have a rare privilege and honor right now. A lot of times, the Presiding Officer and I come to the well to make speeches that we have to, that we ought to, or that somebody wanted us to. Rarely do we have the opportunity to come to the well of the Senate and speak about an individual from our own State whom we know personally who is impeccable in their reputation, has served America in many ways, and has now been ap-pointed to a job that is essential to the health, safety, and welfare of the American people. I speak of Chris-topher Wray of Georgia. Christopher Wray is my friend. Chris-topher Wray worked for the law firm of King & Spalding, the same one Griffin Bell, Larry Thompson, and Sam Nunn worked for—a great law firm with a tie to our government and our country. At a time for an appointment to be the great one, this is the time. We know there have been issues from time to time with the FBI. We all know we are looking for somebody who can do the job and do it well, in a fair and im-partial way, without any question of impropriety. Christopher Wray is ex-actly that type of person. He is the person who helped convict Zacarias Moussaoui and coordinated with local law enforcement in the pros-ecution of the Washington, DC, snipers who terrorized our city for so long. He is a dedicated and committed pros-ecutor. He has been selected many times to work for the Department of Justice. He went to the Department of Justice under Larry Thompson as an assistant. He worked there at the same time as Griffin Bell. He also worked during many of the investigations into the terrorists who attacked America. He is the right man at the right time in the right place. So if ever there were a time—— Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, will my colleague yield for a brief moment? Mr. ISAKSON. I am happy to yield to the minority leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I will have a statement in support of Mr. Wray after the Senator from Georgia finishes speaking. Mr. ISAKSON. Put an exclamation point after that. Mr. SCHUMER. I am in full support of Mr. Wray, and I thank my colleague for the courtesy. I yield the floor. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I know when it is a good time for me to shut up. When the minority leader has come to the floor to endorse the guy I am talking about, the last thing I want to do is wear it out. Let me end my remarks by saying that Christopher Wray is the type of person CHUCK SCHUMER wants, the type of person I want, and the type of person we are looking for as the chief law en-forcement officer of our country. He will make himself proud, he will make our State proud, and he will do the right thing at the right time in all places for the people of the United States of America. I urge every Member of the Senate to heartily vote in support of Christopher Wray to be Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation for the United States of America. I yield back. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, short-ly we will take a vote on the nomina-tion of Christopher Wray to be the next FBI Director. The job of FBI Director has always been a crucial one. The responsibility is great and so are the expectations, and the demands facing our next FBI Director are perhaps greater than any time in our history. This a serious time for the FBI, and for the Nation. The firing of Director Comey, the shifting explanations from the White House as to why Mr. Comey was fired, and the disdain this White House has shown for the rule of law mean that now, more than ever, the Senate has an obligation to critically evaluate any potential FBI Director. Now more than ever, we need an FBI Director who is independent, impartial, fearless, and has the strength of will to occupy a job that has been put under enormous political strain by the White House. No doubt, Christopher Wray has been put up for a tough job. In considering his nomination, it was important to me to take the measure of the man and de-termine whether he was up to the chal-lenge. I met with him privately for an hour, and I closely studied his record and his performance in his hearings. Based on his career in public service and the commitments he made to me in our meeting and to the Judiciary Committee in his confirmation hear-ing, I believe that Christopher Wray deserves the approval of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.027 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4649 August 1, 2017 
He committed to informing the Judi-ciary Committee of any attempts to interfere with Special Counsel Mueller’s Russia probe and said he would consider any attempted inter-ference to be unacceptable and inap-propriate. He committed to impartiality and independence, pledging that the FBI will follow the facts, the laws, and the Constitution, without regard to par-tisan political influence. After a sterling career at the Justice Department, and based on the rec-ommendation of hundreds of U.S. At-torneys who have validated his integ-rity, there is no reason not to believe that Mr. Wray will live up to these commitments as Director of the FBI. I will vote yes on his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. Mr. ISAKSON. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I yield back all time on our side and their side as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Wray nomina-tion? Mr. ISAKSON. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 181 Ex.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young NAYS—5 
Gillibrand Markey Merkley Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Burr Franken McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Newsom nomination? Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 66, nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 182 Ex.] YEAS—66 
Alexander Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Capito Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—31 
Baldwin Bennet Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—3 
Burr Franken McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect to the Wray and Newsom nominations, the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table en bloc and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I think we are waiting for Senator G
RASSLEY to come, and then we will be ready to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the indulgence of my col-leagues from Iowa and Rhode Island. (The remarks of Mr. P
ORTMAN per-taining to the introduction of S. 1693 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. PORTMAN. I thank my colleague from Iowa. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
f 
JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELIN-QUENCY PREVENTION REAUTHORIZAITON ACT OF 2017 Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthor-ization Act. I will make some short comments, and then I would like to defer to Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE , and then I would pro-pound a unanimous consent request. I think we will soon be able to pass the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthorization Act. I re-introduced this measure this year with Senator W
HITEHOUSE . The bill before us is almost the same as the one the Judiciary Committee cleared by voice vote in the 114th Con-gress, and it is very similar to the one we hotlined last year. We hotlined it in April, and all the Members of this Chamber had several months to review it. We had one objection, and we cleared it earlier this week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.005 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4650 August 1, 2017 
The bill would extend a Federal law known as the Juvenile Justice Delin-quency Prevention Act for 5 more years. The centerpiece of this 1974 leg-islation, which Congress last extended 15 years ago, in 2002, is its core protec-tions for youth. These core protections call for juveniles to be kept out of adult facilities, except in very rare in-stances. They ensure that juveniles will be kept separated from adult in-mates whenever they are housed in adult facilities. They call for reducing disproportionate minority contact in State juvenile justice systems. States adhering to these require-ments receive yearly formula grants to support their juvenile justice systems. This bill would promote greater ac-countability in government spending. The Judiciary Committee, which I chair, heard from multiple whistle-blowers that reforms are urgently needed to restore the integrity of the formula grant programs that are the centerpiece of our current juvenile jus-tice law. The Justice Department’s Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention administers this formula grant program. This program would be continued for 5 more years under the bill, but the Justice Depart-ment would have to do more oversight if this bill is enacted. This bill also calls for evidence-based programs to be accorded priority in funding. The goal is to ensure that scarce Federal resources for juvenile justice will be devoted mostly to the programs that research shows have the greatest merit and will yield the best results for these young people. Finally, I want to take this oppor-tunity to thank our many cosponsors. This bill is truly a bipartisan effort, and many Senators contributed provi-sions to strengthen this bill since we introduced it last April. The bill re-flects the latest scientific research on what works best with at-risk adoles-cents. At this point, I would ask that the Presiding Officer turn the floor over to Senator W
HITEHOUSE . I want to thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for being so per-sistent in this effort, as well. I thank him for his great help. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you, Mr. Chair-man. Chairman G
RASSLEY has been a won-derful colleague in this effort. It is the culmination of years of work, including multiple committee hearings, briefings at home in Rhode Island and elsewhere, and really working the regular order of the Senate to get this done. Chairman G
RASSLEY has been both patient and persistent, and I really appreciate his leadership. I also thank our ranking member on the Judiciary Committee, Senator F
EINSTEIN , for her work. I thank Sen-ator R
AND PAUL. He would have liked to have seen a stronger bill, but it sim-ply—as would we have, by the way. He held on for a while, hoping we could strengthen it, but it turned out there was objection to that—and he was gra-cious about yielding—and now we are able to move forward bipartisanly and unanimously. The history of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act is a noble history. It is because of this law that children aren’t locked up in adult prisons any longer. It is because of this law that children don’t get placed in solitary confinement for extended peri-ods or shackled when they are arrested for things like running away from home or not coming to school, but it had been a while since this bill was up-dated. The last time it was reauthorized was 13 years ago, and we have learned a lot about adolescent development and the best practices for dealing with children in those 13 years. So we are moving for-ward today. I look forward to working with my chairman on the broad-based criminal justice reform that he is championing in the committee, but there is no rea-son we shouldn’t go forward with get-ting juvenile justice right while we move on to other areas. I particularly want to thank him and recognize the groups involved for the patient work that was done over many years with all sorts of interested groups. We had to make this right. We wanted to minimize conflict. We want-ed to maximize what we were able to accomplish, and the result is, we have over 150 organizations that have en-dorsed this legislation, from the ACLU to the national association that sup-ports probation and parole officers, from Boys Town to the National Asso-ciation of Counties and the National Center for Victims of Crime. The bill focuses the way it should, on evidence-based and trauma-informed programs that have emerged in the last 13 years. It focuses on protecting juve-niles who are held in adult facilities, making sure they are fully separated in sight and sound from adult inmates. It limits the narrow circumstances under which they may be confined in isola-tion, and it requires data-driven ap-proaches to reduce ethnic and racial disparities. We recognize that kids now are much more vulnerable to substance abuse issues and that they, too, face mental health challenges, and we try to bring this bill together so States have to pro-vide appropriate treatment and rec-ognition when the cause of what is going on in that child’s life is sub-stance abuse or a mental health chal-lenge. We make it a good deal harder to in-carcerate for the status offenses. A sta-tus offense is an offense that wouldn’t even be an offense if an adult did it. It is only because you are a child that it is even an offense at all—skipping school or running away from home and so forth. There are better ways to deal with those children than incarcerating them, and we steer in this direction, promoting the community-based alter-natives to the tension. For instance, we have community courts in Rhode Island that work real-ly well, where the family is engaged, the child is engaged, and the commu-nity is engaged. They really learn a lesson from what they did. They have to do something helpful in order to kind of remediate themselves with their community. It has been very suc-cessful. So there are real things that can be done. Of course, separating a child from their family in order to try to improve their situation is usually something that backfires. You need to have the family engaged. Consistent with Senator PORTMAN ’s remarks, we also recognize that very often some of the times that children get in trouble is because they have been traumatized. They have been ei-ther the victim of violence themselves or witnessed violence in ways that have created trauma and, in many cases, are sadly the victims of child sex trafficking. So we focus on States identifying and responding to those particular children to make sure, if that is what is behind what is going on, that those needs are met—simple things. We banned the use of shackles on girls once they are preg-nant. It shouldn’t be asking too much, and it is about time we stopped shack-ling girls, particularly pregnant girls. Last, something near and dear to my chairman’s heart, it improves the ac-countability and the oversight of the Federal grants program. I know that has been a goal he has pursued for a long time. The chairman is one of the most determined Members of the Sen-ate when it comes to transparency and accountability, and so I am very pleased to be his partner in that par-ticular piece of the bill. With that, I yield the floor back to Chairman G
RASSLEY so he may take us through the formal steps of passing this law. It is a very happy moment for me, and I extend my appreciation to Chairman G
RASSLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, once again, thanks to Senator W
HITEHOUSE  for his cooperation and working so hard over the course of the last two Congresses to get this done. I ask unanimous consent that the Ju-diciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 860 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 860) to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grassley amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.035 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4651 August 1, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 741) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Beginning on page 40, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 41, line 23. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 860), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 860 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reau-thorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF PURPOSE AND DEFINITIONS Sec. 101. Purposes. Sec. 102. Definitions. TITLE II—JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION Sec. 201. Concentration of Federal efforts. Sec. 202. Coordinating Council on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention. Sec. 203. Annual report. Sec. 204. Allocation of funds. Sec. 205. State plans. Sec. 206. Reallocation of grant funds. Sec. 207. Authority to make grants. Sec. 208. Eligibility of States. Sec. 209. Grants to Indian tribes. Sec. 210. Research and evaluation; statis-tical analyses; information dis-semination. Sec. 211. Training and technical assistance. Sec. 212. Administrative authority. TITLE III—INCENTIVE GRANTS FOR LOCAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAMS Sec. 301. Definitions. Sec. 302. Grants for delinquency prevention programs. Sec. 303. Technical and conforming amend-ment. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Evaluation by Government Ac-countability Office. Sec. 402. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 403. Accountability and oversight. TITLE V—JUVENILE ACCOUNTABILITY BLOCK GRANTS Sec. 501. Grant eligibility. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF PURPOSE AND DEFINITIONS 
SEC. 101. PURPOSES. 
Section 102 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5602) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) to assist State, tribal, and local gov-ernments in addressing juvenile crime through the provision of technical assist-ance, research, training, evaluation, and the dissemination of current and relevant infor-mation on effective and evidence-based pro-grams and practices for combating juvenile delinquency; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to support a continuum of evidence- based or promising programs (including de-linquency prevention, intervention, mental health and substance abuse treatment, fam-ily services, and services for children ex-posed to violence) that are trauma informed, reflect the science of adolescent develop-ment, and are designed to meet the needs of at-risk youth and youth who come into con-tact with the justice system.’’. SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5603) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (C); (2) by amending paragraph (18) to read as follows: ‘‘(18) the term ‘Indian tribe’ means a feder-ally recognized Indian tribe or an Alaskan Native organization that has a law enforce-ment function, as determined by the Sec-retary of the Interior in consultation with the Attorney General;’’. (3) by amending paragraph (22) to read as follows: ‘‘(22) the term ‘jail or lockup for adults’ means a secure facility that is used by a State, unit of local government, or law en-forcement authority to detain or confine adult inmates;’’; (4) by amending paragraph (25) to read as follows: ‘‘(25) the term ‘sight or sound contact’ means any physical, clear visual, or verbal contact that is not brief and inadvertent;’’; (5) by amending paragraph (26) to read as follows: ‘‘(26) the term ‘adult inmate’— ‘‘(A) means an individual who— ‘‘(i) has reached the age of full criminal re-sponsibility under applicable State law; and ‘‘(ii) has been arrested and is in custody for or awaiting trial on a criminal charge, or is convicted of a criminal offense; and ‘‘(B) does not include an individual who— ‘‘(i) at the time of the offense, was younger than the maximum age at which a youth can be held in a juvenile facility under applicable State law; and ‘‘(ii) was committed to the care and cus-tody or supervision, including post-place-ment or parole supervision, of a juvenile cor-rectional agency by a court of competent ju-risdiction or by operation of applicable State law;’’; (6) in paragraph (28), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (7) in paragraph (29), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(30) the term ‘core requirements’— ‘‘(A) means the requirements described in paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (15) of section 223(a); and ‘‘(B) does not include the data collection requirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (K) of section 207(1); ‘‘(31) the term ‘chemical agent’ means a spray or injection used to temporarily inca-pacitate a person, including oleoresin cap-sicum spray, tear gas, and 2- chlorobenzalmalononitrile gas; ‘‘(32) the term ‘isolation’— ‘‘(A) means any instance in which a youth is confined alone for more than 15 minutes in a room or cell; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) confinement during regularly sched-uled sleeping hours; ‘‘(ii) separation based on a treatment pro-gram approved by a licensed medical or men-tal health professional; ‘‘(iii) confinement or separation that is re-quested by the youth; or ‘‘(iv) the separation of the youth from a group in a nonlocked setting for the limited purpose of calming; ‘‘(33) the term ‘restraints’ has the meaning given that term in section 591 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290ii); ‘‘(34) the term ‘evidence-based’ means a program or practice that— ‘‘(A) is demonstrated to be effective when implemented with fidelity; ‘‘(B) is based on a clearly articulated and empirically supported theory; ‘‘(C) has measurable outcomes relevant to juvenile justice, including a detailed descrip-tion of the outcomes produced in a par-ticular population, whether urban or rural; and ‘‘(D) has been scientifically tested and proven effective through randomized control studies or comparison group studies and with the ability to replicate and scale; ‘‘(35) the term ‘promising’ means a pro-gram or practice that— ‘‘(A) is demonstrated to be effective based on positive outcomes relevant to juvenile justice from one or more objective, inde-pendent, and scientifically valid evaluations, as documented in writing to the Adminis-trator; and ‘‘(B) will be evaluated through a well-de-signed and rigorous study, as described in paragraph (34)(D); ‘‘(36) the term ‘dangerous practice’ means an act, procedure, or program that creates an unreasonable risk of physical injury, pain, or psychological harm to a juvenile subjected to the act, procedure, or program; ‘‘(37) the term ‘screening’ means a brief process— ‘‘(A) designed to identify youth who may have mental health, behavioral health, sub-stance abuse, or other needs requiring imme-diate attention, intervention, and further evaluation; and ‘‘(B) the purpose of which is to quickly identify a youth with possible mental health, behavioral health, substance abuse, or other needs in need of further assessment; ‘‘(38) the term ‘assessment’ includes, at a minimum, an interview and review of avail-able records and other pertinent informa-tion— ‘‘(A) by an appropriately trained profes-sional who is licensed or certified by the ap-plicable State in the mental health, behav-ioral health, or substance abuse fields; and ‘‘(B) which is designed to identify signifi-cant mental health, behavioral health, or substance abuse treatment needs to be ad-dressed during a youth’s confinement; ‘‘(39) for purposes of section 223(a)(15), the term ‘contact’ means the points at which a youth and the juvenile justice system or criminal justice system officially intersect, including interactions with a juvenile jus-tice, juvenile court, or law enforcement offi-cial; ‘‘(40) the term ‘trauma-informed’ means— ‘‘(A) understanding the impact that expo-sure to violence and trauma have on a youth’s physical, psychological, and psycho-social development; ‘‘(B) recognizing when a youth has been ex-posed to violence and trauma and is in need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.037 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4652 August 1, 2017 
of help to recover from the adverse impacts of trauma; and ‘‘(C) responding in ways that resist re-traumatization; ‘‘(41) the term ‘racial and ethnic disparity’ means minority youth populations are in-volved at a decision point in the juvenile jus-tice system at higher rates, incrementally or cumulatively, than non-minority youth at that decision point; ‘‘(42) the term ‘status offender’ means a ju-venile who is charged with or who has com-mitted an offense that would not be criminal if committed by an adult; ‘‘(43) the term ‘rural’ means an area that is not located in a metropolitan statistical area, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(44) the term ‘internal controls’ means a process implemented to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of ob-jectives in— ‘‘(A) effectiveness and efficiency of oper-ations, such as grant management practices; ‘‘(B) reliability of reporting for internal and external use; and ‘‘(C) compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as recommendations of the Office of Inspector General and the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; and ‘‘(45) the term ‘tribal government’ means the governing body of an Indian tribe.’’. TITLE II—JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION 
SEC. 201. CONCENTRATION OF FEDERAL EF-FORTS. 
Section 204 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5614) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘a long-term plan, and im-plement’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘a long-term plan to improve the juvenile jus-tice system in the United States, taking into account scientific knowledge regarding ado-lescent development and behavior and re-garding the effects of delinquency prevention programs and juvenile justice interventions on adolescents, and shall implement’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘research, and improve-ment of the juvenile justice system in the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘and re-search’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘Fed-eral Register’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘Federal Register during the 30-day period ending on October 1 of each year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2017, in consultation with Indian tribes, de-velop a policy for the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention to collabo-rate with representatives of Indian tribes with a criminal justice function on the im-plementation of the provisions of this Act re-lating to Indian tribes;’’; (D) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (E) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘monitoring’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 223(a)(15)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 223(a)(16)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to review the adequacy of such systems; and’’ and inserting ‘‘for moni-toring compliance.’’. SEC. 202. COORDINATING COUNCIL ON JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PRE-VENTION. 
Section 206 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5616) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, the Secretary of the Inte-rior,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Health and Human Services,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Immigra-tion and Naturalization’’ and inserting ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘United States’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Govern-ment’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (12)(A), (13), and (14) of section 223(a) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘the core require-ments’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, on an annual basis’’ after ‘‘collectively’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) not later than 120 days after the com-pletion of the last meeting of the Council during any fiscal year, submit to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate a re-port that— ‘‘(i) contains the recommendations de-scribed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) includes a detailed account of the ac-tivities conducted by the Council during the fiscal year, including a complete detailed ac-counting of expenses incurred by the Council to conduct operations in accordance with this section; ‘‘(iii) is published on the websites of the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the Council, and the Department of Justice; and ‘‘(iv) is in addition to the annual report re-quired under section 207.’’. 
SEC. 203. ANNUAL REPORT. 
Section 207 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5617) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and gender’’ and inserting ‘‘, gender, and eth-nicity, as such term is defined by the Bureau of the Census,’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (F)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and other’’ before ‘‘dis-abilities,’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) a summary of data from 1 month of the applicable fiscal year of the use of re-straints and isolation upon juveniles held in the custody of secure detention and correc-tional facilities operated by a State or unit of local government; ‘‘(H) the number of status offense cases pe-titioned to court, number of status offenders held in secure detention, the findings used to justify the use of secure detention, and the average period of time a status offender was held in secure detention; ‘‘(I) the number of juveniles released from custody and the type of living arrangement to which they are released; ‘‘(J) the number of juveniles whose offense originated on school grounds, during school- sponsored off-campus activities, or due to a referral by a school official, as collected and reported by the Department of Education or similar State educational agency; and ‘‘(K) the number of juveniles in the cus-tody of secure detention and correctional fa-cilities operated by a State or unit of local government who report being pregnant.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A description of the criteria used to determine what programs qualify as evi-dence-based and promising programs under this title and title V and a comprehensive list of those programs the Administrator has determined meet such criteria in both rural and urban areas. ‘‘(6) A description of funding provided to Indian tribes under this Act or for a juvenile delinquency or prevention program under the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–211; 124 Stat. 2261), including direct Federal grants and funding provided to In-dian tribes through a State or unit of local government. ‘‘(7) An analysis and evaluation of the in-ternal controls at the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention to deter-mine if grantees are following the require-ments of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention grant programs and what remedial action the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention has taken to recover any grant funds that are ex-pended in violation of the grant programs, including instances— ‘‘(A) in which supporting documentation was not provided for cost reports; ‘‘(B) where unauthorized expenditures oc-curred; or ‘‘(C) where subrecipients of grant funds were not compliant with program require-ments. ‘‘(8) An analysis and evaluation of the total amount of payments made to grantees that the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention recouped from grantees that were found to be in violation of policies and procedures of the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention grant pro-grams, including— ‘‘(A) the full name and location of the grantee; ‘‘(B) the violation of the program found; ‘‘(C) the amount of funds sought to be re-couped by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention; and ‘‘(D) the actual amount recouped by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention.’’. 
SEC. 204. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 221(b)(1) of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5631(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’. (b) O
THER ALLOCATIONS .—Section 222 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5632) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘age eighteen’’ and inserting ‘‘18 years of age, based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) If the aggregate amount appro-priated for a fiscal year to carry out this title is less than $75,000,000, then— ‘‘(i) the amount allocated to each State other than a State described in clause (ii) for that fiscal year shall be not less than $400,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4653 August 1, 2017 
Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands for that fiscal year shall be not less than $75,000. ‘‘(B) If the aggregate amount appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out this title is not less than $75,000,000, then— ‘‘(i) the amount allocated to each State other than a State described in clause (ii) for that fiscal year shall be not less than $600,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands for that fiscal year shall be not less than $100,000.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘efficient administration, including monitoring, eval-uation, and one full-time staff position’’ and inserting ‘‘effective and efficient administra-tion of funds, including the designation of not less than 1 individual who shall coordi-nate efforts to achieve and sustain compli-ance with the core requirements and certify whether the State is in compliance with such requirements’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘5 per cen-tum of the minimum’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 5 percent of the’’. 
SEC. 205. STATE PLANS. 
Section 223 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5633) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and shall describe the status of compliance with State plan requirements.’’ and inserting ‘‘and shall describe how the State plan is supported by or takes account of scientific knowledge regarding adolescent development and behavior and regarding the effects of delinquency prevention programs and juvenile justice interventions on adoles-cents. Not later than 60 days after the date on which a plan or amended plan submitted under this subsection is finalized, a State shall make the plan or amended plan pub-licly available by posting the plan or amend-ed plan on the State’s publicly available website.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘adolescent development,’’ after ‘‘concerning’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘counsel for children and youth’’ and inserting ‘‘pub-licly supported court-appointed legal counsel for juveniles charged with an act of juvenile delinquency or a status offense, consistent with other Federal law’’; (bb) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘mental health, education, special education’’ and in-serting ‘‘child and adolescent mental health, education, child and adolescent substance abuse, special education, services for youth with disabilities’’; (cc) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘delinquents or potential delinquents’’ and inserting ‘‘delinquent youth or youth at risk of delinquency’’; (dd) in subclause (VI), by striking ‘‘youth workers involved with’’ and inserting ‘‘rep-resentatives of’’; (ee) in subclause (VII), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ff) by striking subclause (VIII) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(VIII) persons, licensed or certified by the applicable State, with expertise and com-petence in preventing and addressing mental health and substance abuse needs in juvenile delinquents and those at-risk of delinquency; ‘‘(IX) representatives of victim or witness advocacy groups, including at least 1 indi-vidual with expertise in addressing the chal-lenges of sexual abuse and exploitation and trauma; and ‘‘(X) for a State in which one or more In-dian tribes are located, an Indian tribal rep-resentative or, if such Indian tribal rep-resentative is unavailable, other individual with significant expertise in tribal law en-forcement and juvenile justice in Indian trib-al communities;’’; (III) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘24 at the time of appointment’’ and inserting ‘‘28 at the time of initial appointment’’; and (IV) in clause (v) by inserting ‘‘or, if not feasible and in appropriate circumstances, who is the parent or guardian of someone who has been or is currently under the juris-diction of the juvenile justice system’’ after ‘‘juvenile justice system’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘at least annually recommendations regard-ing State compliance with the requirements of paragraphs (11), (12), and (13)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘at least every 2 years a report and nec-essary recommendations regarding State compliance with the core requirements’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in clause (i), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (C) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘Indian tribes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘appli-cable to the detention and confinement of ju-veniles’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian tribes that agree to attempt to comply with the core re-quirements applicable to the detention and confinement of juveniles’’; (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘per-forms law enforcement functions’’ and in-serting ‘‘has jurisdiction’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking clause (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) a plan to provide alternatives to de-tention for status offenders, juveniles who have been induced to perform commercial sex acts, and others, where appropriate, such as specialized or problem-solving courts or diversion to home-based or community-based services or treatment for those youth in need of mental health, substance abuse, or co-oc-curring disorder services at the time such ju-veniles first come into contact with the juve-nile justice system; ‘‘(v) a plan to reduce the number of chil-dren housed in secure detention and correc-tions facilities who are awaiting placement in residential treatment programs; ‘‘(vi) a plan to engage family members, where appropriate, in the design and delivery of juvenile delinquency prevention and treat-ment services, particularly post-placement; ‘‘(vii) a plan to use community-based serv-ices to respond to the needs of at-risk youth or youth who have come into contact with the juvenile justice system; ‘‘(viii) a plan to promote evidence-based and trauma-informed programs and prac-tices; and ‘‘(ix) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2017, a plan, which shall be implemented not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(I) eliminate the use of restraints of known pregnant juveniles housed in secure juvenile detention and correction facilities, during labor, delivery, and post-partum re-covery, unless credible, reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an im-mediate and serious threat of hurting her-self, staff, or others; and ‘‘(II) eliminate the use of abdominal re-straints, leg and ankle restraints, wrist re-straints behind the back, and four-point re-straints on known pregnant juveniles, un-less— ‘‘(aa) credible, reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and serious threat of hurting herself, staff, or others; or ‘‘(bb) reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and credible risk of escape that cannot be reason-ably minimized through any other method;’’; (E) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘existing’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence-based and prom-ising’’; (F) in paragraph (9)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, with priority in funding given to entities meeting the criteria for evi-dence-based or promising programs’’ after ‘‘used for’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)(i), by inserting ‘‘status offenders and other’’ before ‘‘youth who need’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (I) by striking ‘‘parents and other family members’’ and inserting ‘‘status offenders, other youth, and the parents and other fam-ily members of such offenders and youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘be retained’’ and inserting ‘‘remain’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘delinquent’’ and inserting ‘‘at-risk or delinquent youth’’; and (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, including for truancy prevention and reduction’’ before the semicolon; (v) by redesignating subparagraphs (G) through (S) as subparagraphs (H) through (T), respectively; (vi) in subparagraph (F), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘expanding’’ and inserting ‘‘programs to expand’’; (vii) by inserting after subparagraph (F), the following: ‘‘(G) expanding access to publicly sup-ported, court-appointed legal counsel and en-hancing capacity for the competent rep-resentation of every child, consistent with other Federal law;’’; (viii) in subparagraph (H), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘State,’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘State, tribal,’’; (ix) in subparagraph (M), as so redesig-nated— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘pre-adjudication and’’ before ‘‘post-adjudication’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘restraints’’ and inserting ‘‘alternatives’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘specialized or problem- solving courts,’’ after ‘‘(including’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘by the provision by the Administrator’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘to States’’; (x) in subparagraph (N), as redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘and reduce the risk of re-cidivism’’ after ‘‘families’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘so that juveniles may be 
retained in their homes’’; (xi) in subparagraph (S), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (xii) in subparagraph (T), as so redesig-nated— (I) by inserting ‘‘or co-occurring disorder’’ after ‘‘mental health’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘court-involved or’’ before ‘‘incarcerated’’; (III) by striking ‘‘suspected to be’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘and discharge plans’’ and inserting ‘‘provision of treatment, and devel-opment of discharge plans’’; and (V) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4654 August 1, 2017 
(xiii) by inserting after subparagraph (T) the following: ‘‘(U) programs and projects designed to in-form juveniles of the opportunity and proc-ess for expunging juvenile records and to as-sist juveniles in pursuing juvenile record expungements for both adjudications and ar-rests not followed by adjudications; ‘‘(V) programs that address the needs of girls in or at risk of entering the juvenile justice system, including pregnant girls, young mothers, survivors of commercial sex-ual exploitation or domestic child sex traf-ficking, girls with disabilities, and girls of color, including girls who are members of an Indian tribe; and ‘‘(W) monitoring for compliance with the core requirements and providing training and technical assistance on the core require-ments to secure facilities;’’; (G) by striking paragraph (11) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(11)(A) in accordance with rules issued by the Administrator, provide that a juvenile shall not be placed in a secure detention fa-cility or a secure correctional facility, if— ‘‘(i) the juvenile is charged with or has committed an offense that would not be criminal if committed by an adult, exclud-ing— ‘‘(I) a juvenile who is charged with or has committed a violation of section 922(x)(2) of title 18, United States Code, or of a similar State law; ‘‘(II) a juvenile who is charged with or has committed a violation of a valid court order issued and reviewed in accordance with para-graph (23); and ‘‘(III) a juvenile who is held in accordance with the Interstate Compact on Juveniles as enacted by the State; or ‘‘(ii) the juvenile— ‘‘(I) is not charged with any offense; and ‘‘(II)(aa) is an alien; or ‘‘(bb) is alleged to be dependent, neglected, or abused; and ‘‘(B) require that— ‘‘(i) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2017, unless a court finds, after a hearing and in writing, that it is in the interest of jus-tice, juveniles awaiting trial or other legal process who are treated as adults for pur-poses of prosecution in criminal court and housed in a secure facility— ‘‘(I) shall not have sight or sound contact with adult inmates; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in paragraph (13), may not be held in any jail or lockup for adults; ‘‘(ii) in determining under subparagraph (A) whether it is in the interest of justice to permit a juvenile to be held in any jail or lockup for adults, or have sight or sound contact with adult inmates, a court shall consider— ‘‘(I) the age of the juvenile; ‘‘(II) the physical and mental maturity of the juvenile; ‘‘(III) the present mental state of the juve-nile, including whether the juvenile presents an imminent risk of harm to the juvenile; ‘‘(IV) the nature and circumstances of the alleged offense; ‘‘(V) the juvenile’s history of prior delin-quent acts; ‘‘(VI) the relative ability of the available adult and juvenile detention facilities to not only meet the specific needs of the juvenile but also to protect the safety of the public as well as other detained youth; and ‘‘(VII) any other relevant factor; and ‘‘(iii) if a court determines under subpara-graph (A) that it is in the interest of justice to permit a juvenile to be held in any jail or lockup for adults— ‘‘(I) the court shall hold a hearing not less frequently than once every 30 days, or in the case of a rural jurisdiction, not less fre-quently than once every 45 days, to review whether it is still in the interest of justice to permit the juvenile to be so held or have such sight or sound contact; and ‘‘(II) the juvenile shall not be held in any jail or lockup for adults, or permitted to have sight or sound contact with adult in-mates, for more than 180 days, unless the court, in writing, determines there is good cause for an extension or the juvenile ex-pressly waives this limitation;’’. (H) in paragraph (12)(A), by striking ‘‘con-tact’’ and inserting ‘‘sight or sound con-tact’’; (I) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘contact’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sight or sound contact’’; (J) by striking paragraphs (22) and (27); (K) by redesignating paragraph (28) as paragraph (27); (L) by redesignating paragraphs (15) through (21) as paragraphs (16) through (22), respectively; (M) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following: ‘‘(15) implement policy, practice, and sys-tem improvement strategies at the State, territorial, local, and tribal levels, as appli-cable, to identify and reduce racial and eth-nic disparities among youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system, without establishing or requiring numerical standards or quotas, by— ‘‘(A) establishing or designating existing coordinating bodies, composed of juvenile justice stakeholders, (including representa-tives of the educational system) at the State, local, or tribal levels, to advise efforts by States, units of local government, and In-dian tribes to reduce racial and ethnic dis-parities; ‘‘(B) identifying and analyzing key deci-sion points in State, local, or tribal juvenile justice systems to determine which points create racial and ethnic disparities among youth who come into contact with the juve-nile justice system; and ‘‘(C) developing and implementing a work plan that includes measurable objectives for policy, practice, or other system changes, based on the needs identified in the data col-lection and analysis under subparagraph (B);’’; (N) in paragraph (15), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘adequate system’’ and in-serting ‘‘effective system’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘lock-ups,’’ after ‘‘moni-toring jails,’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘detention fa-cilities,’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘, and non-secure facili-ties’’; (v) by striking ‘‘insure’’ and inserting ‘‘en-sure’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘requirements of para-graph (11),’’ and all that follows through ‘‘monitoring to the Administrator’’ and in-serting ‘‘core requirements are met, and for annual reporting to the Administrator’’; and (vii) by striking ‘‘, in the opinion of the Administrator,’’; (O) in paragraph (16), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘ethnicity,’’ after ‘‘race,’’; (P) in paragraph (21), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘local,’’ each place the term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘local, tribal,’’; (Q) in paragraph (23)— (i) in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), by striking ‘‘juvenile’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘status offender’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) if such court determines the status offender should be placed in a secure deten-tion facility or correctional facility for vio-lating such order— ‘‘(I) the court shall issue a written order that— ‘‘(aa) identifies the valid court order that has been violated; ‘‘(bb) specifies the factual basis for deter-mining that there is reasonable cause to be-lieve that the status offender has violated such order; ‘‘(cc) includes findings of fact to support a determination that there is no appropriate less restrictive alternative available to plac-ing the status offender in such a facility, with due consideration to the best interest of the juvenile; ‘‘(dd) specifies the length of time, not to 
exceed 7 days, that the status offender may remain in a secure detention facility or cor-rectional facility, and includes a plan for the status offender’s release from such facility; and ‘‘(ee) may not be renewed or extended; and ‘‘(II) the court may not issue a second or subsequent order described in subclause (I) relating to a status offender, unless the sta-tus offender violates a valid court order after the date on which the court issues an order described in subclause (I);’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) there are procedures in place to en-sure that any status offender held in a secure detention facility or correctional facility pursuant to a court order described in this paragraph does not remain in custody longer than 7 days or the length of time authorized by the court, whichever is shorter; and’’ (R) in paragraph (26)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and in accordance with confidentiality concerns,’’ after ‘‘maximum extent practicable,’’; and (ii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, so as to pro-vide for— ‘‘(A) data in child abuse or neglect reports relating to juveniles entering the juvenile justice system with a prior reported history of arrest, court intake, probation and parole, juvenile detention, and corrections; and ‘‘(B) a plan to use the data described in subparagraph (A) to provide necessary serv-ices for the treatment of such victims of child abuse or neglect;’’; (S) in paragraph (27), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (T) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) provide for the coordinated use of funds provided under this Act with other Federal and State funds directed at juvenile delinquency prevention and intervention programs; ‘‘(29) describe the policies, procedures, and training in effect for the staff of juvenile State correctional facilities to eliminate the use of dangerous practices, unreasonable re-straints, and unreasonable isolation, includ-ing by developing effective behavior manage-ment techniques; ‘‘(30) describe— ‘‘(A) the evidence-based methods that will be used to conduct mental health and sub-stance abuse screening, assessment, referral, and treatment for juveniles who— ‘‘(i) request a screening; ‘‘(ii) show signs of needing a screening; or ‘‘(iii) are held for a period of more than 24 hours in a secure facility that provides for an initial screening; and ‘‘(B) how the State will seek, to the extent practicable, to provide or arrange for mental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4655 August 1, 2017 
health and substance abuse disorder treat-ment for juveniles determined to be in need of such treatment; ‘‘(31) describe how reentry planning by the State for juveniles will include— ‘‘(A) a written case plan based on an as-sessment of needs that includes— ‘‘(i) the pre-release and post-release plans for the juveniles; ‘‘(ii) the living arrangement to which the juveniles are to be discharged; and ‘‘(iii) any other plans developed for the ju-veniles based on an individualized assess-ment; and ‘‘(B) review processes; ‘‘(32) provide that the agency of the State receiving funds under this Act collaborate with the State educational agency receiving assistance under part A of title I of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) to develop and im-plement a plan to ensure that, in order to support educational progress— ‘‘(A) the student records of adjudicated ju-veniles, including electronic records if avail-able, are transferred in a timely manner from the educational program in the juvenile detention or secure treatment facility to the educational or training program into which the juveniles will enroll; ‘‘(B) the credits of adjudicated juveniles are transferred; and ‘‘(C) adjudicated juveniles receive full or partial credit toward high school graduation for secondary school coursework satisfac-torily completed before and during the pe-riod of time during which the juveniles are held in custody, regardless of the local edu-cational agency or entity from which the credits were earned; and ‘‘(33) describe policies and procedures to— ‘‘(A) screen for, identify, and document in records of the State the identification of vic-tims of domestic human trafficking, or those at risk of such trafficking, upon intake; and ‘‘(B) divert youth described in subpara-graph (A) to appropriate programs or serv-ices, to the extent practicable.’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘described in paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (21) of subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘described in the core require-ments’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the requirements under paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (21) of sub-section (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the core require-ments’’; (3) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) and subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the Administrator shall make a determination regarding whether each State receiving a grant under this Act is in compliance or out of compliance with respect to each of the core requirements. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) issue an annual public report— ‘‘(i) describing any determination de-scribed in paragraph (1) made during the pre-vious year, including a summary of the in-formation on which the determination is based and the actions to be taken by the Ad-ministrator (including a description of any reduction imposed under subsection (c)); and ‘‘(ii) for any such determination that a State is out of compliance with any of the core requirements, describing the basis for the determination; and ‘‘(B) make the report described in subpara-graph (A) available on a publicly available website. ‘‘(3) DETERMINATIONS REQUIRED .—The Ad- ministrator may not— ‘‘(A) determine that a State is ‘not out of compliance’, or issue any other determina-tion not described in paragraph (1), with re-spect to any core requirement; or ‘‘(B) otherwise fail to make the compliance determinations required under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 206. REALLOCATION OF GRANT FUNDS. 
Section 223(c) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5633(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) If a State fails to comply with any of the core requirements in any fiscal year, then— ‘‘(A) subject to subparagraph (B), the amount allocated to such State under sec-tion 222 for the subsequent fiscal year shall be reduced by not less than 20 percent for each core requirement with respect to which the failure occurs; and ‘‘(B) the State shall be ineligible to receive any allocation under such section for such fiscal year unless— ‘‘(i) the State agrees to expend 50 percent of the amount allocated to the State for such fiscal year to achieve compliance with any such paragraph with respect to which the State is in noncompliance; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines that the State— ‘‘(I) has achieved substantial compliance with such applicable requirements with re-spect to which the State was not in compli-ance; and ‘‘(II) has made, through appropriate execu-tive or legislative action, an unequivocal commitment to achieving full compliance with such applicable requirements within a reasonable time. ‘‘(2) Of the total amount of funds not allo-cated for a fiscal year under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) 50 percent of the unallocated funds shall be reallocated under section 222 to States that have not failed to comply with the core requirements; and ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the unallocated funds shall be used by the Administrator to pro-vide additional training and technical assist-ance to States for the purpose of promoting compliance with the core requirements.’’. 
SEC. 207. AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS. 
Section 241(a) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5651(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘status offenders,’’ before ‘‘juvenile offenders, and juveniles’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding for truancy prevention and reduction and social and independent living skills de-velopment’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘State,’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘State, tribal,’’; (4) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘juvenile offenders and juveniles’’ and inserting ‘‘sta-tus offenders, juvenile offenders, and juve-niles’’; and (5) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing juveniles with disabilities’’ before the semicolon. 
SEC. 208. ELIGIBILITY OF STATES. 
Section 243(a)(1)(A) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5653(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘5’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
SEC. 209. GRANTS TO INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 246(a)(2) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5656(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A); (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively; and (3) in subparagraph (B)(ii), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. SEC. 210. RESEARCH AND EVALUATION; STATIS-TICAL ANALYSES; INFORMATION DISSEMINATION. 
Section 251 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5661) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter proceeding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘plan and identify’’ and inserting ‘‘annually pub-lish a plan to identify’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) successful efforts to prevent status offenders and first-time minor offenders from subsequent involvement with the juve-nile justice and criminal justice systems;’’; (II) by striking clause (vii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vii) the prevalence and duration of be-havioral health needs (including mental health, substance abuse, and co-occurring disorders) among juveniles pre-placement and post-placement when held in the custody of secure detention and corrections facili-ties, including an examination of the effects of confinement;’’; (III) by redesignating clauses (ix), (x), and (xi) as clauses (xv), (xvi), and (xvii), respec-tively; and (IV) by inserting after clause (viii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ix) training efforts and reforms that have produced reductions in or elimination of the use of dangerous practices; ‘‘(x) methods to improve the recruitment, selection, training, and retention of profes-sional personnel who are focused on the pre-vention, identification, and treatment of de-linquency; ‘‘(xi) methods to improve the identifica-tion and response to victims of domestic child sex trafficking within the juvenile jus-tice system; ‘‘(xii) identifying positive outcome meas-ures, such as attainment of employment and educational degrees, that States and units of local government should use to evaluate the success of programs aimed at reducing re-cidivism of youth who have come in contact with the juvenile justice system or criminal justice system; ‘‘(xiii) evaluating the impact and outcomes of the prosecution and sentencing of juve-niles as adults; ‘‘(xiv) successful and cost-effective efforts by States and units of local government to reduce recidivism through policies that pro-vide for consideration of appropriate alter-native sanctions to incarceration of youth facing nonviolent charges, while ensuring that public safety is preserved;’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘date of enactment of this paragraph, the’’ and inserting ‘‘date of en-actment of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2017, the’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘and Indian tribes’’ after ‘‘State’’; (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iv) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) a description of the best practices in discharge planning; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4656 August 1, 2017 
‘‘(I) an assessment of living arrangements for juveniles who, upon release from confine-ment in a State correctional facility, cannot return to the residence they occupied prior to such confinement.’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL RECIDIVISM MEASURE .—The Administrator, in consultation with experts in the field of juvenile justice research, re-cidivism, and data collection, shall— ‘‘(1) establish a uniform method of data collection and technology that States may use to evaluate data on juvenile recidivism on an annual basis; ‘‘(2) establish a common national juvenile recidivism measurement system; and ‘‘(3) make cumulative juvenile recidivism data that is collected from States available to the public. ‘‘(g) GAO R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reau-thorization Act of 2017, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a re-view of available research conducted by the Attorney General, the Secretary of the Inte-rior, and other Federal entities relating to Indian youth who may come into contact with the juvenile justice system, which shall include— ‘‘(1) an examination of the extent of Indian youth involvement in the juvenile justice system, including the number of Indian youth in Federal, State, or tribal custody or detention for offenses committed while under the age of 18; ‘‘(2) a description of the unique barriers faced by Indian tribes in providing adequate services to rehabilitate youth who have been adjudicated as delinquent; and ‘‘(3) recommendations to improve effec-tiveness of prevention and treatment serv-ices for Indian youth who may come into contact with the juvenile justice system.’’. 
SEC. 211. TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 252 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5662) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘develop and carry out projects’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘make grants to and contracts with’’; and (ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) shall provide periodic training for States regarding implementation of the core requirements, current protocols and best practices for achieving and monitoring com-pliance, and information sharing regarding relevant Office resources on evidence-based and promising programs or practices that promote the purposes of this Act.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘develop and implement projects’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including compliance with the core requirements’’ after ‘‘this title’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘make grants to and contracts with’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) shall provide technical assistance to States and units of local government on achieving compliance with the amendments to the core requirements and State Plans made by the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2017, including training and technical assist-ance and, when appropriate, pilot or dem-onstration projects intended to develop and replicate best practices for achieving sight and sound separation in facilities or portions of facilities that are open and available to the general public and that may or may not contain a jail or a lock-up; and ‘‘(4) shall provide technical assistance to States in support of efforts to establish part-nerships between a State and a university, institution of higher education, or research center designed to improve the recruitment, selection, training, and retention of profes-sional personnel in the fields of medicine, law enforcement, the judiciary, juvenile jus-tice, social work and child protection, edu-cation, and other relevant fields who are en-gaged in, or intend to work in, the field of prevention, identification, and treatment of delinquency.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘prosecutors,’’ after ‘‘pub-lic defenders,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘status offenders and’’ after ‘‘needs of’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO STATES RE-
GARDING LEGAL REPRESENTATION OF CHIL-
DREN .—In consultation with experts in the field of juvenile defense, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) develop and issue standards of practice for attorneys representing children; and ‘‘(2) ensure that the standards issued under paragraph (1) are adapted for use in States. ‘‘(e) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
FOR LOCAL AND STATE JUVENILE DETENTION  
ANDCORRECTIONS PERSONNEL .—The Adminis-trator shall coordinate training and tech-nical assistance programs with juvenile de-tention and corrections personnel of States and units of local government to— ‘‘(1) promote methods for improving condi-tions of juvenile confinement, including methods that are designed to minimize the use of dangerous practices, unreasonable re-straints, and isolation; and ‘‘(2) encourage alternative behavior man-agement techniques based on positive youth development approaches. ‘‘(f) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  T
OSUPPORT MENTAL HEALTH OR SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE TREATMENT INCLUDING HOME-BASED OR  C
OMMUNITY -BASED CARE.—The Administrator shall provide training and technical assist-ance, in conjunction with the appropriate public agencies, to individuals involved in making decisions regarding the disposition and management of cases for youth who enter the juvenile justice system about the appropriate services and placement for youth with mental health or substance abuse needs, including— ‘‘(1) juvenile justice intake personnel; ‘‘(2) probation officers; ‘‘(3) juvenile court judges and court serv-ices personnel; ‘‘(4) prosecutors and court-appointed coun-sel; and ‘‘(5) family members of juveniles and fam-ily advocates. ‘‘(g) G
RANTS FOR JUVENILE COURT JUDGES  
ANDPERSONNEL .—The Attorney General, act-ing through the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention and the Office of Justice Programs, shall make grants to improve training, education, technical as-sistance, evaluation, and research to en-hance the capacity of State and local courts, judges, and related judicial personnel to— ‘‘(1) improve the lives of children currently involved in or at risk of being involved in the juvenile court system; and ‘‘(2) carry out the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(h) FREE AND REDUCED PRICE SCHOOL  L
UNCHES FOR INCARCERATED JUVENILES .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall provide guid-ance to States relating to existing options for school food authorities in the States to apply for reimbursement for free or reduced price lunches under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) for juveniles who are incarcerated and would, if not incarcerated, be eligible for free or reduced price lunches under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 212. ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY. 
Section 299A of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5672) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Admin-istrator’’; (B) by striking ‘‘, after appropriate con-sultation with representatives of States and units of local government,’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘guidance,’’ after ‘‘regula-tions,’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In developing guidance and procedures, the Ad-ministrator shall consult with representa-tives of States and units of local govern-ment, including those individuals respon-sible for administration of this Act and com-pliance with the core requirements. ‘‘(2) The Administrator shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) reporting, compliance reporting, State plan requirements, and other similar documentation as may be required from States is requested in a manner that encour-ages efficiency and reduces the duplication of reporting efforts; and ‘‘(B) States meeting all the core require-ments are encouraged to experiment with of-fering innovative, data-driven programs de-signed to further improve the juvenile jus-tice system.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘require-ments described in paragraphs (11), (12), and (13) of section 223(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘core re-quirements’’. TITLE III—INCENTIVE GRANTS FOR LOCAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 502 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘D
EFINITION ’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘this title, the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this title— ‘‘(1) the term ‘mentoring’ means matching 1 adult with one or more youths for the pur-pose of providing guidance, support, and en-couragement through regularly scheduled meetings for not less than 9 months; and ‘‘(2) the term’’. 
SEC. 302. GRANTS FOR DELINQUENCY PREVEN-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 504(a) of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5783(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) mentoring, parent training and sup-port, or in-home family services programs, if such programs are evidence-based or prom-ising.’’. 
SEC. 303. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENT. 
The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974 is amended by striking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4657 August 1, 2017 
title V, as added by the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (Public Law 93–415; 88 Stat. 1133) (relating to mis-cellaneous and conforming amendments). TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. EVALUATION BY GOVERNMENT AC-COUNTABILITY OFFICE. 
(a) E VALUATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis and evaluation regarding the performance of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (referred to in this section as ‘‘the agency’’), its functions, its programs, and its grants; (2) conduct a comprehensive audit and evaluation of a selected, sample of grantees (as determined by the Comptroller General) that receive Federal funds under grant pro-grams administered by the agency including a review of internal controls (as defined in section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5603), as amended by this Act) to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of funds by grantees; and (3) submit a report in accordance with sub-section (d). (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATION .—In conducting the analysis and evaluation under subsection (a)(1), and in order to docu-ment the efficiency and public benefit of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), ex-cluding the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) and the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.), the Comptroller General shall take into consideration— (1) the outcome and results of the pro-grams carried out by the agency and those programs administered through grants by the agency; (2) the extent to which the agency has complied with the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–62; 107 Stat. 285); (3) the extent to which the jurisdiction of, and the programs administered by, the agen-cy duplicate or conflict with the jurisdiction and programs of other agencies; (4) the potential benefits of consolidating programs administered by the agency with similar or duplicative programs of other agencies, and the potential for consolidating those programs; (5) whether less restrictive or alternative methods exist to carry out the functions of the agency and whether current functions or operations are impeded or enhanced by exist-ing statutes, rules, and procedures; (6) the number and types of beneficiaries or persons served by programs carried out by the agency; (7) the manner with which the agency seeks public input and input from State and local governments on the performance of the functions of the agency; (8) the extent to which the agency com-plies with section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act); (9) whether greater oversight is needed of programs developed with grants made by the agency; and (10) the extent to which changes are nec-essary in the authorizing statutes of the agency in order for the functions of the agen-cy to be performed in a more efficient and ef-fective manner. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR AUDITS .—In con- ducting the audit and evaluation under sub-section (a)(2), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), excluding the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) and the Missing Children’s As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.), the Comptroller General shall take into consid-eration— (1) whether grantees timely file Financial Status Reports; (2) whether grantees have sufficient inter-nal controls to ensure adequate oversight of grant fund received; (3) whether disbursements were accom-panied with adequate supporting documenta-tion (including invoices and receipts); (4) whether expenditures were authorized; (5) whether subrecipients of grant funds were complying with program requirements; (6) whether salaries and fringe benefits of personnel were adequately supported by doc-umentation; (7) whether contracts were bid in accord-ance with program guidelines; and (8) whether grant funds were spent in ac-cordance with program goals and guidelines. (d) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (A) submit a report regarding the evalua-tion conducted under subsection (a) and audit under subsection (b), to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate; and (B) make the report described in subpara-graph (A) available to the public. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted in ac-cordance with paragraph (1) shall include all audit findings determined by the selected, statistically significant sample of grantees as required by subsection (a)(2) and shall in-clude the name and location of any selected grantee as well as any findings required by subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 402. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE VI—AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-PRIATIONS; ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT 
‘‘SEC. 601. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act— ‘‘(1) $160,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $162,400,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $164,836,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $167,308,540 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(5) $169,818,168 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) M
ENTORING PROGRAMS .—Not more than 20 percent of the amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) for a fiscal year may be used for mentoring pro-grams.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 is amended by striking— (1) section 299 (42 U.S.C. 5671); (2) section 388 (42 U.S.C. 5751); (3) section 408 (42 U.S.C. 5777); and (4) section 505 (42 U.S.C. 5784). 
SEC. 403. ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, as added by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 602. ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in order to ensure that at-risk youth and youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system or the criminal justice system are treated fairly and the out-come of that contact is beneficial to the Na-tion— ‘‘(1) the Department of Justice, through its Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, must restore meaningful en-forcement of the core requirements in this Act; ‘‘(2) the Attorney General should, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, issue a proposed rule to update ex-isting Federal regulations used to make State compliance determinations and pro-vide participating States with technical as-sistance to develop more effective and com-prehensive data collection systems; and ‘‘(3) States, which are entrusted with a fis-cal stewardship role if they accept funds under this Act, must exercise vigilant over-sight to ensure full compliance with the core requirements for juveniles provided for in this Act. ‘‘(b) ACCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(1) A
GENCY PROGRAM REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) P
ROGRAMMATIC AND FINANCIAL ASSESS -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Audit, Assess-ment, and Management of the Office of Jus-tice Programs at the Department of Justice (referred to in this section as the ‘Director’) shall— ‘‘(I) conduct a comprehensive analysis and evaluation of the internal controls of the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (referred to in this section as the ‘agency’) to determine if States and Indian tribes receiving grants are following the re-quirements of the agency grant programs and what remedial action the agency has taken to recover any grant funds that are ex-pended in violation of grant programs, in-cluding instances where— ‘‘(aa) supporting documentation was not provided for cost reports; ‘‘(bb) unauthorized expenditures occurred; and ‘‘(cc) subrecipients of grant funds were not compliance with program requirements; ‘‘(II) conduct a comprehensive audit and evaluation of a selected statistically signifi-cant sample of States and Indian tribes (as determined by the Director) that have re-ceived Federal funds under this Act, includ-ing a review of internal controls to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of funds by grantees; ‘‘(III) submit a report in accordance with clause (iv). ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATIONS .—In conducting the analysis and evaluation under clause (i)(I), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of this Act, excluding the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, the Director shall take into consider-ation the extent to which— ‘‘(I) greater oversight is needed of pro-grams developed with grants made by the agency; ‘‘(II) changes are necessary in the author-izing statutes of the agency in order that the functions of the agency can be performed in a more efficient and effective manner; and ‘‘(III) the agency has implemented rec-ommendations issued by the Comptroller General or Office of Inspector General relat-ing to the grant making and grant moni-toring responsibilities of the agency. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR AUDITS .—In con- ducting the audit and evaluation under clause (i)(II), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of this Act, ex-cluding the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, the Director shall take into consider-ation— ‘‘(I) whether grantees timely file Financial Status Reports; ‘‘(II) whether grantees have sufficient in-ternal controls to ensure adequate oversight of grant funds received; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4658 August 1, 2017 
‘‘(III) whether grantees’ assertions of com-pliance with the core requirements were ac-companied with adequate supporting docu-mentation; ‘‘(IV) whether expenditures were author-ized; ‘‘(V) whether subrecipients of grant funds were complying with program requirements; and ‘‘(VI) whether grant funds were spent in ac-cordance with the program goals and guide-lines. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORT .—The Director shall submit to Congress a report outlining the results of the analysis, evaluation, and audit con-ducted under clause (i), including supporting materials, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tem-pore of the Senate and shall make such re-port available to the public online, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(B) A
NALYSIS OF INTERNAL CONTROLS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall initiate a com-prehensive analysis and evaluation of the in-ternal controls of the agency to determine whether, and to what extent, States and In-dian tribes that receive grants under this Act are following the requirements of the grant programs authorized under this Act. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port containing— ‘‘(I) the findings of the analysis and eval-uation conducted under clause (i); ‘‘(II) a description of remedial actions, if any, that will be taken by the Administrator to enhance the internal controls of the agen-cy and recoup funds that may have been ex-pended in violation of law, regulations, or program requirements issued under this Act; and ‘‘(III) a description of— ‘‘(aa) the analysis conducted under clause (i); ‘‘(bb) whether the funds awarded under this Act have been used in accordance with law, regulations, program guidance, and applica-ble plans; and ‘‘(cc) the extent to which funds awarded to States and Indian tribes under this Act en-hanced the ability of grantees to fulfill the core requirements. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report on the estimated amount of grant funds disbursed by the agen-cy since fiscal year 2010 that did not meet the requirements for awards of formula grants to States under this Act. ‘‘(2) O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL PER -
FORMANCE AUDITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to ensure the effective and appropriate use of grants ad-ministered under this Act and to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice each year shall periodically conduct audits of States and Indian tribes that re-ceive grants under this Act. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINING SAMPLES .—The sample selected for audits under subparagraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) of an appropriate size to— ‘‘(I) assess the grant programs authorized under this Act; and ‘‘(II) act as a deterrent to financial mis-management; and ‘‘(ii) selected based on— ‘‘(I) the size of the grants awarded to the recipient; ‘‘(II) the past grant management perform-ance of the recipient; ‘‘(III) concerns identified by the Adminis-trator, including referrals from the Adminis-trator; and ‘‘(IV) such other factors as determined by the Inspector General of the Department of Justice. ‘‘(C) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY ON WEBSITE .—The Attorney General shall make the summary of each review conducted under this section available on the website of the Department of Justice, subject to redaction as the Attor-ney General determines necessary to protect classified and other sensitive information. ‘‘(D) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this Act that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this Act during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the 12-month period beginning on the date on which the audit report is issued. ‘‘(E) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this Act, the Administrator shall give pri-ority to a State or Indian tribe that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to the date on which the eligible entity submits an application for a grant under this Act. ‘‘(F) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If a State or Indian tribe is awarded grant funds under this Act during the 2-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (I), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the General Fund under clause (i) from the grantee that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(G) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General— ‘‘(i) that the audited State or Indian tribe has used grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost; and ‘‘(ii) that is not closed or resolved during the 12-month period beginning on the date on which the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(3) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs described in this Act, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Administrator may not award a grant under any grant program described in this Act to a nonprofit organiza-tion that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under a grant program described in this Act and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to cre-ate a rebuttable presumption of reasonable-ness for the compensation of its officers, di-rectors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Administrator, in the applica-tion for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including— ‘‘(I) the independent persons involved in re-viewing and approving such compensation; ‘‘(II) the comparability data used; and ‘‘(III) contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. ‘‘(ii) P
UBLIC INSPECTION UPON REQUEST .— Upon request, the Administrator shall make the information disclosed under clause (i) available for public inspection. ‘‘(4) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) LIMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Jus-tice under this Act may be used by the At-torney General, or by any individual or orga-nization awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this Act, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available to the Department of Justice, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Direc-tors, or principal deputies as the Deputy At-torney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be utilized by any recipient of a grant made using such amounts to— ‘‘(i) lobby any representative of the De-partment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or ‘‘(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant made using amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) require the grant recipient to repay the grant in full; and ‘‘(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-ceiving another grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— ‘‘(A) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice under paragraph (2) have been completed and reviewed by the appropriate Assistant Attorney General or Director; ‘‘(B) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (2)(I) have been issued; ‘‘(C) all reimbursements required under paragraph (2)(K)(i) have been made; and ‘‘(D) includes a list of any grant recipients excluded under paragraph (2)(I) during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(c) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4659 August 1, 2017 
‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicative grant. ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITHAUDITING STAND -
ARDS .—The Administrator shall comply with the Generally Accepted Government Audit-ing Standards, published by the General Ac-countability Office (commonly known as the ‘Yellow Book’), in the conduct of fiscal, com-pliance, and programmatic audits of States.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 is amended by striking section 407 (42 U.S.C. 5776a). (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—In the case of an enti-ty that is barred from receiving grant funds under paragraph (2) or (7)(B)(ii) of section 407 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5776a), the amendment made by paragraph (1) of this subsection shall not affect the applicability to the entity, or to the Attorney General with respect to the entity, of paragraph (2), (3), or (7) of such section 407, as in effect on the day before the effective date under para-graph (2) of this subsection. TITLE V—JUVENILE ACCOUNTABILITY BLOCK GRANTS 
SEC. 501. GRANT ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 1802(a) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ee–2(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) assurances that the State agrees to comply with the core requirements, as de-fined in section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5603), applicable to the detention and confinement of juveniles.’’. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Rhode Island for his courtesy in allowing me to go next. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, this afternoon, Senator M
URRAY , the Senator from Washington State who is the ranking member of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and I, the chair-man of the committee, made a joint bi-partisan announcement that the Sen-ate’s HELP Committee will hold hear-ings beginning the week of September 4 on the actions Congress should take to stabilize and strengthen the individual health insurance market so Americans will be able to buy insurance at afford-able prices in the year 2018. We will hear from State insurance commis-sioners, from patients, from Governors, from healthcare experts, and insurance companies. Committee staff will begin work this week, working with all com-mittee members to prepare for these hearings and discussions. That was the announcement Senator MURRAY and I made today. Now, in my own words, the reason for these hearings is that unless Congress acts by September 27, when insurance companies must sign contracts with the Federal Government to sell insur-ance on the Federal exchange next year, millions of Americans with gov-ernment subsidies in up to half of our States may find themselves with zero options for buying health insurance on the exchanges next year, 2018. Many others without government subsidies will find themselves unable to afford health insurance because of rising pre-miums, copays, and deductibles. There are a number of issues with the American healthcare system, but if your house is on fire, you want to put out the fire. The fire, in this case, is the individual health insurance mar-ket. Both Republicans and Democrats agree on this. Our committee, the HELP Com-mittee, had one hearing on the subject on February 1 and will work inten-sively between now and the end of Sep-tember in order to finish our work in time to have an effect on health insur-ance policies next year, sold in 2018. I am consulting with Senator M
UR-
RAY to try to make these hearings as bipartisan as possible and to involve as many committee members as possible. I will be consulting with Senator H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN so the Fi-nance Committee is aware of any mat-ters we discuss that might be within its jurisdiction. A number of Senators, both Democratic and Republican, have approached Senator M
URRAY and me and said they would like to be in-volved. We are going to find a way for them to be involved and update them on our progress. In these discussions—the ones I am describing—we are dealing with a small segment of the total health insurance market. Only about 6 percent of in-sured Americans buy their insurance in the individual market. Only about 4 percent of insured Americans buy their insurance on the Affordable Care Act exchanges. While these percentages are small, they represent large numbers of Americans, including many of our most vulnerable Americans. We are talking about roughly 18 million Americans in the individual market. About 11 mil-lion of them buy their insurance on the Affordable Care Act exchanges. About 9 million of these 11 million have Afford-able Care Act subsidies, and unless we act, many of them may not have poli-cies available to buy in 2018 because in-surance companies will pull out of the collapsing markets. It would be like having a bus ticket and no bus coming through town. Just as important, unless we act, costs could rise, once again, even mak-ing healthcare unaffordable for the ad-ditional 9 million Americans in the in-dividual market who receive no gov-ernment support to help buy insurance, roughly 2 million of them who buy their health insurance on the ex-changes but who don’t qualify for a subsidy, and roughly 7 million who buy their insurance outside of the ex-changes. This means they have no gov-ernment help paying for their pre-miums, their copays, and their deductibles. As we prepare for these discussions, I have urged again that President Trump temporarily continue the cost-reduc-tion payments through September so Congress can work on a short-term so-lution for stabilizing the individual markets in 2018. These cost-sharing re-duction subsidies reduce copays, reduce deductibles, and reduce other out-of- pocket costs to help low-income Amer-icans buy their health insurance on the exchanges. We are talking about those who make under 250 percent of the pov-erty level or roughly $30,000 for an indi-vidual or $60,000 for a family of four. Without payment of these cost-sharing reductions, Americans will be hurt. Up to half the States will likely have bare counties, with zero insurance providers offering insurance on the exchanges, and insurance premiums will increase by roughly 20 percent, according to the American Health Insurance Plans. In my opinion, any solution that Congress passes for a 2018 stabilization package would need to be small, bipar-tisan, and balanced. It should include funding for the cost-sharing reduc-tions, but it also should include greater flexibility for States in approving health insurance policies which should reduce costs. Now, it is reasonable to expect that if the President were to approve continu-ation of cost-sharing subsidies for Au-gust and September and if Congress, in September, should pass a bipartisan stabilization bill that includes cost- sharing for 1 year—that is 2018—it is reasonable to expect that the insurance companies in 2018 would lower their rates. They have told us—in fact, Oli-ver Wyman, an independent observer of healthcare, has told us that lack of funding for cost-sharing reductions would add 11 to 20 percent to premiums in 2018. So if the President, over the next 2 months, and the Congress, over the next year, take steps to provide cer-tainty that there will be cost-sharing subsidies, that should allow insurance companies to lower the premiums they have projected they will charge in 2018. In fact, many insurance companies have priced their rates for 2018 at two different levels—one with cost-sharing and one without cost-sharing. So it is important not only that the President improve temporary cost-sharing for August and September but that we, the Congress, in a bipartisan way, find a way to approve it for at least 1 year so we can keep the premiums down. Now, this is only one step in what we want to do about health insurance and about the larger question of healthcare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.008 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4660 August 1, 2017 
costs so we will proceed step by step. A subsequent step will be to try to find a way to create a long-term, more robust individual insurance market, but for the short-term, our proposal is that by mid-September, we will see if we can agree on a way to stabilize the indi-vidual insurance market to keep pre-miums down and make affordable in-surance available to all Americans. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here to speak about something else, but let me take just a moment and thank my chairman for what he has done. I had the experience of serving on the HELP Committee with Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY when we did the Education bill last year. Education is nearly as fraught a topic politically around here as healthcare is, and what we saw in a thoughtful, regular-order process that was developed under Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER ’s leadership was a very consider-able piece of work with real effect. Sometimes we agree on something on both sides of the aisle in this body be-cause there is nothing to it. It is ‘‘Na-tional Peaches Week’’ or something, and everyone votes for that. But when it is something big and something con-sequential, that is where difficulties begin to emerge, and what the chair-man was able to work in the com-mittee was something big and some-thing consequential on healthcare. To the end of my days in the Senate, I am going to remember that closing vote, when the clerk of the committee called the roll, and every single member of the HELP Committee voted in favor of the measure. It came out of the com-mittee unanimously, and with that burst of energy, it came through the floor fine, and it passed the House without too many changes. It was just a remarkable piece of work. So I have seen what the HELP Committee can do under Chairman A
LEXANDER and Rank-ing Member M
URRAY , and I am filled with confidence that the process can be terrific there, and I am filled with goodwill toward a successful outcome. I just think what the chairman has said is terrific, and I wanted to say a few words of appreciation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to speak for up to 17 minutes in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, what I would like to speak about is a new form of fossil fuel-funded climate denial spin that has just entered the climate debate. They are always up to something, and here is their latest. The Trump administration’s two great sci-entists, Scott Pruitt and Rick Perry, the Frick and Frack of climate denial, have called for a science showdown, where climate denial and climate science can have it out for once and for all—red team versus blue team. ‘‘Fossil fuel man’’ Pruitt has even called for the showdown to be peer reviewed. Well, what is comical about that is that climate science has been peer re-viewed all along. That is how it gets to be science—by going through and sur-viving the process of peer review by other scientists. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD a letter to Administrator Pruitt from a wide range of scientific organizations pointing out to him this very fact, that climate science is called climate science because it has been through scientific peer review. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JULY31, 2017. Hon. S
COTT PRUITT , Administrator, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Washington, DC. D
EARADMINISTRATOR PRUITT : As leaders of professional scientific societies with our col-lective membership of hundreds of thousands of scientists, we are writing in response to reports that you are working to develop a ‘‘red team/blue team’’ process that chal-lenges climate science. We write to remind you of the ongoing re-search, testing, evaluations, and debates that happen on a regular basis in every sci-entific discipline. The peer review process itself is a constant means of scientists put-ting forth research results, getting chal-lenged, and revising them based on evidence. Indeed, science is a multi-dimensional, com-petitive ‘‘red team/blue team’’ process whereby scientists and scientific teams are constantly challenging one another’s find-ings for robustness. The current scientific understanding of climate change is based on decades of such work, along with over-arching, carefully evaluated assessments within the United States and internation-ally. As a reflection of that work, 31 scientific societies last year released a letter, updated from 2009, to reflect the current scientific consensus on climate change. We urge you to give its text consideration, along with Amer-ica’s Climate Choices, the work of our pre-mier United States scientific body, the Na-tional Academy of Sciences. Of course, climate science, like all sciences, is an ever-changing discipline: our knowledge is always advancing. Robust dis-cussion about data interpretation, method-ology, and findings are part of daily sci-entific discourse. That is how science pro-gresses. However, the integrity of the sci-entific process cannot thrive when policy-makers—regardless of party affiliation—use policy disagreements as a pretext to chal-lenge scientific conclusions. Given your interest in the state of climate science, we would welcome the opportunity to meet with you to better understand your perspective and rationale for the proposed activity; and to discuss climate science, in-cluding which areas are at the frontiers of scientific knowledge and which are well-es-tablished because of thousands of studies from multiple lines of evidence. We look forward to hearing from you, and your office may contact Lexi Shultz, Kasey White, or Joanne Carney to coordinate a meeting. Sincerely, Rush D. Holt, Ph.D., Chief Executive Of-ficer, American Association for the Ad-vancement of Sciences; Robert Gropp, Ph.D., Co-Executive Director, Amer-ican institute of Biological Sciences; Chris McEntee, Executive Director and CEO, American Geophysical Union; Ellen Bergfeld, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer, American Society of Agron-omy, Crop Science Society of America, Soil Science Society of America; Brian Crother, Ph.D., President Elect, Amer-ican Society of Ichthyologists and Her-petologists; Crispin B. Taylor, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer, American So-ciety of Plant Biologists; Barry D. Nussbaum, Ph.D., President, American Statistical Association; Olin E. Rhodes, Jr., Ph.D., President, Associa-tion of Ecosystem Research Centers. Linda Duguay, Ph.D., President, Associa-tion for the Sciences of Limnology and Oceanography; Robin L. Chazdon, Ph.D., Executive Director, Association for Tropical Biology and Conservation; Katherine S. McCarter, Executive Di-rector, Ecological Society of America; David Gammel, Executive Director, Entomological Society of America; Vicki McConnell, Ph.D., Executive Di-rector, Geological Society of America; Paul Foster, Ph.D., President, Organi-zation of Biological Field Stations; Raymond Mejı´a, Society for Mathe-matical Biology; Luke Harmon, Ph.D., President, Society of Systematic Bi-ologists. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Climate denial, on the other hand, avoids peer review as if it were Kryptonite, so this call for peer review of the contest between cli-mate science and climate denial is al-most comical, except for the evil in-tent behind it and, of course, the stakes. How very risky and dangerous continuing to get this climate issue wrong is for our country. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an op-ed written by John Holdren, until recently the President’s climate ad-viser, called ‘‘The perversity of ‘red- teaming’ climate science.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From bostonglobe.com, July 25, 2017] T
HEPERVERSITY OF ‘RED-TEAMING ’ CLIMATE  S
CIENCE  (By John P. Holdren) EPA administrator Scott Pruitt is report-edly giving serious consideration to invest-ing the taxpayers’ money in a ‘‘red team- blue team’’ effort to determine whether cur-rent scientific understandings about climate change are actually right. The idea is that a ‘‘red team’’ made up of officials from govern-ment agencies with responsibilities related to climate would try to poke holes in main-stream climate science, while a similarly constituted ‘‘blue team’’ would have the task of defending the mainstream consensus against this critique. Supposedly, this proc-ess would shed new light on what is known and what is not about human influence on the global climate. But the argument that such a process would be helpful is some com-bination of naive and disingenuous. All of science works through the contin-uous application of the skeptical scrutiny of key findings by essentially everybody work-ing in a given field. This happens in part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.039 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4661 August 1, 2017 
through the peer-review process that find-ings must survive before being published in a scientific journal. It happens far more widely through the scrutiny of the wider commu-nity of experts in any given field once the findings have been published. That scrutiny is intense, not least because scientists make their reputations in substantial part by pro-viding corrections and refinements to the published findings of others. This is the es-sence of the cumulative and self-correcting nature of the scientific enterprise as a whole. Precisely because climate science has pol-icy implications that appear to challenge the status quo in global energy supply, more-over, the degree of professional skeptical scrutiny to which key climate-science find-ings have been subjected has far exceeded even the already pervasive and rigorous norm. Climate science has been repeatedly ‘‘red-teamed,’’ both by groups of avowed contrarians sponsored by right-wing groups and by the most qualified parts of the world’s scientific community. The right wing’s ‘‘red team’’ efforts have consistently been characterized by brazen cherry-picking, misrepresentation of the findings of others, recycling of long-discredited hypotheses, and invention of new ones destined to be discred-ited. Almost none of this material has sur-vived peer review to be published in the re-spectable professional literature. Of course, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change itself, which works under the auspices of the UN Framework Conven-tion on Climate Change, can be regarded as a ‘‘red team-blue team’’ operation, in which every conclusion must pass muster with a huge team of expert authors and reviewers from a wide variety of disciplines and na-tions (including from Saudi Arabia and other major oil producers inclined to be skeptical). The IPCC has produced five massive assess-ments of climate science (in 1990, 1995, 2001, 2007, and 2013–14), each more emphatic than the last in its conclusions that human-pro-duced greenhouses gases are changing global climate with ongoing and growing impacts on human well-being. Climate-change science has likewise been reviewed regularly by committees of the US National Academy of Sciences, the United Kingdom’s Royal Society, the World Mete-orological Organization, the American Geo-physical Union, and many other reputable bodies, all of which have contributed to and confirmed the overwhelming consensus of knowledgeable scientists on the five key points that really matter for policy: (1) The Earth’s climate is changing in ways not ex-plainable by the known natural influences; (2) the dominant cause is the build-up of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere that has resulted from burning coal, oil, and natural gas, and from land-use change; (3) significant harm to humans and ecosystems from these changes is already occurring; (4) the harm will continue to grow for decades because of inertia in the climate system and society’s energy system; and (5) the future harm will be much smaller if the world’s nations take concerted, aggressive evasive action than if they do not. What, then, could explain the interest in a new ‘‘red team-blue team’’ effort on climate science organized by the federal govern-ment? Some proponents may believe, na-ively, that such a rag-tag process could un-earth flaws in mainstream climate science that the rigorous, decades-long scrutiny of the global climate-science community, through multiple layers of formal and infor-mal expert peer review, has somehow missed. But I suspect that most of the advocates of the scheme are disingenuous, aiming to get hand-picked non-experts from federal agen-cies to dispute the key findings of main-stream climate science and then assert that the verdict of this kangaroo court has equal standing with the findings of the most com-petent bodies in the national and inter-national scientific communities. The pur-pose of that, of course, would be to create a sense of continuing uncertainty about the science of climate change, as an underpin-ning of the Trump administration’s case for not addressing it. Sad. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, let’s go back to the basics here. The basic fact is that the scientific truth of climate change threatens the business model of enormous industries that spew carbon dioxide, and it challenges the ideology of rightwing fanatics who spew hatred of government. That is what the background is to all of this, and there has been a scheme for years to protect the industry’s business model and the ideology of its associ-ated cohort of fanatics. That scheme from the industry and the rightwing fa-natics has been to attack climate science. They have been at it for years. If you are a huge polluting industry or a rightwing fanatic, how do you go about attacking science? Well, you can’t win a real attack on the science, precisely because the polluter nonsense could not make it through peer review. Peer review is the most basic test to enter scientific debate, but they fail at peer review because their argument is bogus, phony, and it is a front. So the scheme has always been to avoid peer review because it is a test they would fail. If you are going to fail the peer re-view test, what do you do? Instead of a direct attack through peer review jour-nals, they attack science from the side. They create a phony parallel science, a simulacrum of science that doesn’t have to face peer review. Their phony science doesn’t even have to be true. In fact, they don’t care whether it is true; indeed, I contend that some of them know it is not true and are engaged in deliberate, knowing fraud. But, in any event, getting to the truth is not the point of this phony parallel science. The goal is political, not scientific. What they want is for government— us—to let them keep polluting. Pol-luting with their product makes them big, big money, and they don’t want to stop. So the goal is not to enter the scientific debate on scientific terms. This is no quest for truth; this is a quest to influence public opinion. So the polluter nonsense doesn’t have to be true; it just has to sound legitimate enough to influence an uninformed public. The goal is to fool the public and mess with politics. That is how they keep the political pressure off having to clean up their act. Their bat-tlefield is the public mind, and their goal is to pollute the public mind with false doubts about the real science. The climate denial apparatus that Pruitt and Perry serve just needs to create the illusion that there is still scientific doubt, and it just has to cre-ate that illusion in the minds of a non-scientific audience—the average voter, people who don’t know any better and shouldn’t be expected to. To do this, they have set up an elaborate con game to help them foment this illusion that there is a real contest here. Their first trick, of course, is to hide the hand of the funders who back this scheme behind innocent or respectable- sounding names. If people saw the hand of ExxonMobil or Koch Industries be-hind this scheme, well, the jig would be up, so they have to back front groups— dozens, indeed, of front groups. The front groups take nice, cozy words like ‘‘heritage’’ and ‘‘heartland’’ and ‘‘pros-perity,’’ and they stick them on the front of the front group. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article entitled ‘‘EPA is asking a cli-mate denier think tank for help re-cruiting its ‘red team’’’ in this effort at the conclusion of my remarks. This article points out that they are actually recruiting one of these phony front groups, the Heartland Institute, comparing climate scientists to the Unabomber, so you know that is going to be a fair contest between climate science and climate deniers when the group involved is a fossil-funded group that has compared climate scientists to the Unabomber. Of course you want them in the debate, don’t you? It is laughable, except for the fact that it is really not. The other thing these groups do is they go down the shelves of American history and they grab the names of he-roes and they slap these great names onto other phony front groups. Even the great GEN George C. Marshall has had his name slapped on a front group. I am a big fan of General Marshall. He is a hero of mine. Winston Churchill called him ‘‘the organizer of victory’’ in World War II. The Marshall plan saved Europe after that war. He won a Nobel Prize, deservedly. But in General Marshall’s life of dedicated service to our country, he had his share of sor-rows, and one of those sorrows was that he had no children. So today, there are no living children or grandchildren to defend his name. Any rascal can put General Marshall’s name on a bogus enterprise, and these rascals did. It is beyond low. So that is the first trick: Hide the polluters’ hand behind an innocent or respectable-sounding name. The second trick is camouflage. They ape real science by setting up groups with names that sound like scientific organizations. So when the United Na-tions convenes the real Intergovern-mental Panel on Climate Change, they put up a Nongovernmental Inter-national Panel on Climate Change. They ape scientific activities. If sci-entific organizations have conferences, they have conferences. If scientific or-ganizations have colloquiums, they have colloquiums. If scientific organi-zations publish findings, they publish findings. The difference is, it is all phony. None of it is peer reviewed. It is not real science; it is a masquerade de-signed to give the appearance of science without any of the rigor of peer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.013 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4662 August 1, 2017 
review and the other attributes of real science. They even ape the publications of real science. I don’t have the chart with me, but there is a publication by the legitimate U.S. Global Change Re-search Program that is entitled ‘‘Glob-al Climate Change Impacts in the United States.’’ That is for real. It is real science. Then there is a look-alike publication called ‘‘Addendum: Global Climate Change Impacts in the United States,’’ which was cooked up by the Koch brothers-backed CATO Insti-tute—same print, same text, same color. It virtually is a masquerade of the real item. The first thing is to hide industry’s hand behind the front group, and the second is to mask propaganda activi-ties in camouflage that resembles ac-tual scientific activity without having to pass any tests of scientific activity. The last thing is to run the operation like a marketing campaign, since, well, that is what it is. You wouldn’t market soap in peer-reviewed scientific jour-nals, would you? First of all, the jour-nals wouldn’t publish it. Secondly, that is not your audience anyway. It is the same here. It doesn’t do these scoun-drels any good to be publishing in peer- reviewed scientific journals, even if they could get their nonsense published there. The people who read scientific journals know better. That is not their audience, and they know that they will lose in front of a scientific audience. They would shrivel up like the Wicked Witch. So they want to go right to the public with Madison Avenue-quality salesmanship and glossy messaging, marketing their dressed-up climate de-nial nonsense like you would market a new soap or spaghetti sauce. Go straight to TV, straight to talk radio, straight into the political debate. The notion that the climate denial crowd now wants a scientific show-down—some ‘‘high noon’’ for climate denial—is ridiculous. First, they do not. We know they do not. They have been dodging away from peer review for years. They want peer review like the Wicked Witch wanted water. So what are they up to? Their gambit is yet another climate denial rhetorical trick to misdirect people to the thought that maybe cli-mate science has not been peer re-viewed either. Climate science is nothing but peer reviewed—that is how it gets to be science—but this bit of trickery sets up in the unknowing person’s mind the thought that climate science might not be peer reviewed. If our Frick and Frack of climate denial, Pruitt and Perry, had said outright that climate science is not peer reviewed, that would be a flat lie, and they would be caught out. Instead, they performed this rhetorical bank shot just to lay that suggestion out there, knowing perfectly well that it is false. It is a lit-tle like the old ‘‘when did you stop beating your wife?’’ trick. It lays out a false predicate by insinuation where the fact, itself, could not be properly asserted. The purpose here, like the purpose of all climate denial schemes, is to buy more time for the polluters. Think how long this imaginary process of pre-paring for climate denial ‘‘high noon’’ will take. Oh, they could spin this out for years. One thing you can bet is that game day will never come, but in the mean-time, they have the craftily embedded lie out there that climate denial and climate science stand on an equal foot-ing and just await peer review to de-cide between them, and now that lie can just hang out there, leaking its poison into the public debate. I have to ask: Who thinks this stuff up? They have made a new art form out of propaganda. Think what a schemer you have to be to think this stuff up. That is the kind of people we are deal-ing with here, and in this bizarro world, Frick and Frack hold high of-fice. The problem is that there actually is a judge here. A real ‘‘high noon’’ will actually come. As the old saying goes, time will tell. When it comes to cli-mate change, the laws of physics and chemistry and biology are at work. The things that CO
2concentrations do in the atmosphere are going to happen no matter what we say or believe about them. The laws of physics do not de-pend on political beliefs. The chem-istry of what happens when seawater is exposed to more and more CO
2is going to happen, and it will follow the laws of chemistry, not our opinions or beliefs. What we humans say or what we be-lieve or what we have been conned into believing by the climate denial scheme will not matter at all. Our views—our opinions—are not part of the equation. Fill one room with climate deniers and fill another room with climate sci-entists, and the same chemistry experi-ment will have the same results in both rooms. Chemistry does not care about our opinions. The way trees and animals and fish and insects and viruses and bacteria react to new temperatures and new lev-els of acidity and new environments we have no say in. The fossil fuel industry can cow westerners into silence or even con them into believing the industry’s climate denial nonsense, and the bark beetle will not care. It will not even know that the con game is being run. The bark beetle will just keep eating its way up the warming latitudes and altitudes and killing pine forests by the hundreds of square miles. What science does for us is give us the ability, as humans, to understand the laws of science so that we can pre-dict what will and will not happen. Science provides mankind with head-lights so that we can look ahead and see what the future portends, but turn-ing off those headlights by denying the science or trying to distract the driver so that we are not even looking out the windshield will not change what is ahead. Whatever is coming at us is still coming at us. We just will not see it in time to steer around it in order to min-imize the collision or slow down and soften the impact. We will not have time because we will have given that time to the polluters. Time is what they want—more time for the polluters to make big money. All of this lying, all of this science denial is actually, truly, an evil thing, and the cleverer it gets with these bank shot, faux ‘‘high noon’’ show-down, tricky lies, actually, the more evil it is. The people who are behind this are doing a very grievous wrong. They are dishonorable, dishonest, and disgraceful. Time will tell us just how wicked they are. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
[From ThinkProgress, July 25, 2017] EPA I
SASKING A CLIMATE DENIER THINK T
ANK FOR HELPRECRUITING ITS‘REDTEAM’ (By Erin Auel) The Environmental Protection Agency has asked the Heartland Institute, a D.C.-based rightwing think tank that denies the human causes of climate change, to help identify scientists to join the agency’s so-called red team-blue team effort to ‘‘debate’’ the science of climate change, according to the Washington Examiner. The move is part of EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt’s efforts to undercut established climate science within the agency. In an interview with Reuters earlier this month, Pruitt suggested the possibility of creating a red team to provide ‘‘a robust discussion’’ on climate science and determine whether hu-mans ‘‘are contributing to [warming].’’ The Heartland Institute offers a model of what the EPA red team might look like. Their contrarian Nongovernmental Inter-national Panel on Climate Change—often re-ferred to as a red team—publishes regular volumes of a report called ‘‘Climate Change Reconsidered.’’ Heartland communications director Jim Lakely told the Washington Examiner the red team exercises to critique climate science are necessary ‘‘to critically examine what has become alarmist dogma rather than a sober evaluation of climate science for many years.’’ But, as many scientists and experts have noted, the peer review process for scientific publications already requires and facilitates rigorous examination. For years, the Heartland Institute has spread misinformation about climate change and attacked the credibility of climate sci-entists. In 2012, the group launched a bill-board campaign with the photographs of Ted Kaczynski (the Unabomber), Charles Man-son, and Osama bin Laden, saying those men ‘‘still believe in global warming.’’ Heartland’s website at the time declared ‘‘the most prominent advocates of global warming aren’t scientists. They are mur-derers, tyrants, and madmen.’’ More recently, the group announced plans to send a report titled ‘‘Why Scientists Dis-agree About Global Warming’’ to every K–12 teacher and college professor in America. The report incorrectly denies humans’ con-tributions to rising global temperatures. Pruitt has adopted much of the misin-formation that Heartland promotes. Since being confirmed, Pruitt has continued to question the science behind climate change and repeated climate denier talking points claiming that humans are not the main con-tributors to a warming planet. And Heartland experts have already had an active role in Trump’s administration. Dan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.042 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4663 August 1, 2017 
Simmons, currently an assistant to Energy Secretary Rick Perry, is still listed as an au-thor on Heartland’s website. Myron Ebell, a noted climate denier, led Trump’s EPA tran-sition team and has written several pieces opposing climate policy for Heartland. Heartland has received funding from sev-eral fossil fuel companies, though it no longer publicly discloses its funders. In 2012, leaked documents from the group showed the group received contributions from the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, among oth-ers. It has also received funding from ExxonMobil to support work to refute the human causes of climate change. Last month, Heartland announced former Kansas congressman Tim Huelskamp will be-come president of the organization. During his political career, Huelskamp’s top donor was Koch Industries, and he received more than $250,000 in campaign contributions from the oil and gas industry. Koch Industries and the Koch family foundations have been one of the biggest funders of organizations that deny humans’ role in causing climate change and oppose policies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It remains to be seen who will staff the EPA’s red team. NYU professor Steve Koonin, a scientist who formerly worked with both BP and the Obama administration, is reportedly the top contender. In 2014, Koonin wrote a Wall Street Journal op-ed de-tailing the ways in which climate science is not settled, which included the extent to which humans are causing climate change, a now-frequent talking point among Trump administration officials. In April, Koonin published another op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, suggesting that a Red Team/Blue Team would be ‘‘a step to-ward resolving . . . differing perceptions of climate science.’’ 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
FDA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 174, H.R. 2430. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 174, H.R. 2430, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and bio-similar biological products, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to calendar No. 174, H.R. 2430, an act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user- fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar bio-logical products, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, James M. Inhofe, Lamar Alex-ander, Pat Roberts, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch, John Cornyn, Cory Gardner, Roy Blunt, James E. Risch, Roger F. Wicker, Tim Scott, John Thune, Mike Rounds, John Hoeven. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived with re-spect to the cloture motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 61, 63, 162, 174, 194, 246, 248, and 249. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Elaine McCusker, of Vir-ginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense; Robert Daigle, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assess-ment and Program Evaluation, Depart-ment of Defense; Robert R. Hood, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense; Richard V. Spencer, of Wyo-ming, to be Secretary of the Navy; Ryan McCarthy, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary of the Army; Lucian Nie-meyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense; Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force; and Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that no further motions be in order; that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then re-sume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the McCusker, Daigle, Hood, Spencer, McCarthy, Nie-meyer, Donovan, and Lord nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of Senators, the Sen-ate just confirmed eight nominees for the Defense Department. LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
FDA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
CLIMATE DISRUPTION  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, cli-mate disruption is a seminal challenge of our generation. It affects everything from our farms to our forests to our fishing. We see the impact in dis-appearing glaciers, melting permafrost, shrinking ice sheets, raging forest fires, dying coral reefs, migrating ani-mals and insects, and more powerful storms. The world is changing right in front of us. It is appropriate to call this cli-mate disruption because our climate is broken, and it is affecting so many things that we value. In response, com-munities across the globe are trans-forming their energy economies—from increasing the energy efficiency of buildings, vehicles, and appliances to replacing a carbon-polluting fossil-fuel- energy economy with a renewable and clean-energy economy. How much do you know about the changes under way? Let’s find out. Welcome to episode 4 of the Senate Cli-mate Disruption Quiz. Here we go. First question: Atmos-pheric carbon dioxide is at its highest level in at least how many years? Is it 88 years? Is it the highest level in the last 8,000 years? Is it the highest level in the last 800,000 years, or is it the highest level in the last 80 million years? Think about your answer. The correct answer is C, 800,000 years. In September 2016, we reached a his-toric milestone. The carbon dioxide readings for the planet reached 400 parts per million. For perspective, be-fore the industrial revolution, before we started burning fossil fuels in mas-sive quantities, that number was about 280 parts per million. Here is something that is even scar-ier. The rate is going up faster and faster. In 1965 and 1975, it was going up at about 1 part per million per year. Then, a couple of decades later, it was 2 parts per million per year, and the last 2 years, it has gone up at a rate of 3 parts per million per year. As the human civilization, we have to turn this around. We have to not only slow it down, but we have to turn it around and lower those levels of car-bon dioxide if we are going to save our blue-green planet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.042 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4664 August 1, 2017 
Question No. 2, which Governor an-nounced that he or she will hold a glob-al climate summit here in America next year? Is the answer Jerry Brown? Is the an-swer Governor Rick Snyder of Michi-gan, Governor Susana Martinez of New Mexico, or Governor Rick Scott of Florida? The answer—now that you have de-cided which one you think is right—is A, Governor Jerry Brown of California. He announced on July 6 that he will bring together entrepreneurs, mathe-maticians, professors, climate experts, and others from around the world in September 2018 for a summit to ‘‘com-bat the existential threat of climate change.’’ This meeting is being viewed as a very significant undertaking to keep the conversation going forward, be-cause in the absence of the United States being deeply involved in the Paris Agreement, the United States has to be involved in many other ways. This issue is too big, and the challenge is too great for us to be sitting it out. Let’s turn to question No. 3. The world’s first floating wind farm is being constructed off the coast of which country? Is it Germany? Is it off the coast of the United States? Is it Scotland? Or is it France? I might point out that, when we see a floating wind farm, we are talking about a wind farm in which the sea floor is deep enough that it can’t be an-chored; that is, the turbine cannot be anchored on the sea floor. There is a hint, a little clue. Do you have your answer? The correct answer is C, Scotland. The Peterhead wind farm, off the coast of Scotland, is using revolu-tionary technology to harvest wind power in waters that are too deep for wind turbines to be anchored on the seabed. The wind farm’s first turbine was just towed into place. Once finished, it will include five 6-megawatt turbines. By the way, those are much larger tur-bines than the ones we have on land in the United States. The blades will be 246 feet long. Together, the group of turbines will be able to power 20,000 homes by the end of the installation. Maybe we will see some of those ap-pearing off the coast of the United States in the future. Let’s turn to question No. 4. Glacier National Park in 1910 had 150 glaciers. How many are there today? Are there 200? Are there 150? Are there 25? Or are there 10? What is the answer? The answer is C, 25. Here we are in just a century, and we have gone from 150 glaciers in Glacier National Park to only 25 left. Accord-ing to Dan Fagre, a USGS research ecologist, ‘‘within 20 years, the bulk of the remaining glaciers will be too small to be considered active glaciers.’’ When these glaciers are gone, it will have a significant impact on Montana and its economy. They typically put off a significant amount of water in late August and early September. They feed streams that would otherwise dry up. They provide cool water that plays a critical role in the life cycles of both insects and fish. If you are planning to see the glaciers in Glacier National Park, go soon. Let’s turn to question No. 5. Tesla, the electric car company, is set to in-stall the world’s largest grid-scale bat-tery in which country? Are they going to install that battery in China, in Australia, in Mexico, or in Spain? If you had time to ponder the ques-tion and develop your answer, the an-swer is not China, which you might ex-pect because China is so large and is so engaged in renewable energy today, nor is it Mexico or Spain. It is Australia. Australia has embraced renewable energy. In 2016, renewable sources pro-duced more than 17 percent of the country’s electricity. South Australia has raced ahead of the rest of the coun-try in embracing renewables, particu-larly wind power. Until now, it has not been able to adequately store the energy generated by the region’s wind farms. Later this year, Tesla will install the world’s largest lithium-ion grid-scale battery and pair it with one of the wind farms, in a major leap forward for large-scale renewable energy use. The idea is that the 129-megawatt- hour battery, which is capable of put-ting out 100 megawatts of power at a time, will help stabilize South Aus-tralia’s electrical grid and provide backup power if there is a shortfall. More and more, as we have wind on the grid and as we have solar power on the grid, batteries are being turned to as a strategy to even out the flow of electricity. There you have it, folks. Five ques-tions in episode 4 of the Senate Climate Disruption Quiz. They are questions ripped right from the headlines. Facts on the ground are changing fast, as cli-mate disruption increases and commu-nities across the globe are responding. We are racing the clock. There is no time to spare. Stay engaged in the fight to save our beautiful blue-green planet. In the near future, I will bring you episode 5 of the Senate Climate Disruption Quiz. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–29, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of the Republic of Iraq for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $150 mil-lion. After this letter is delivered to your of-fice, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , Acting Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–29 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Republic of Iraq. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $150 million. Total $150 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Non-MDE: Follow-On Technical Support (FOTS) for various U.S.-origin navy vessels and a ship repair facility in Iraq to include procure-ment of spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training equip-ment, engineering and logistics support serv-ices and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (XX–P– GAS). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: GAL, 20 May 14; GAM, 20 May 14; GAO, 3 Nov 16. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 1, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Republic of Iraq—Follow-On Technical Sup-port (FOTS) for U.S. Origin Navy Vessels and a Ship Repair Facility The Government of Iraq has requested a possible sale of Follow-On Technical Support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.052 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4665 August 1, 2017 
(FOTS) for various U.S.-origin navy vessels and a ship repair facility in Iraq to include procurement of spare and repair parts, sup-port and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training equipment, engineering and logistics support services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The estimated total program value is $150 million. The proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to provide for a sta-ble, sovereign, and democratic Iraq, capable of combating terrorism and protecting its people and sovereignty. Iraq intends to use this maintenance sup-port to ensure the Navy is fully-operation-ally capable of providing coastal defense and security. The various vessels to be supported are: patrol boats, offshore support vessels, fast assault boats, and Rigid Hull Inflatable Boats. The proposed sale of Follow-On Tech-nical Support will increase the Iraq Navy’s material and operational readiness. Iraq will have no difficulty absorbing this support into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this support will not alter the basic military balance in the re-gion. The prime contractor will be Swiftships, LLC, Morgan City, LA. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require annual trips to Iraq and in-country presence involving U.S. Government and contractor representatives for technical re-views, support and oversight for approxi-mately three years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF HALEY’S METAL SHOP, INC. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of Haley’s Metal Shop, Inc., in Biddeford, ME. Spanning five genera-tions, Haley’s Metal Shop has success-fully persisted through challenging economic swings and rapid techno-logical advancements. In their 100 years of operation, Haley’s Metal Shop has been an exemplary family-run small business. As such, I am proud to celebrate their 100 years of service in the Biddeford community and the State of Maine. Haley’s Metal Shop began in 1917 when Robert Jordan founded his tin-smith business in Biddeford. Jordan trained his son-in-law, Joe Haley, in the trade, and together, they formed Jordan and Haley. When Jordan retired in the 1950s, Joe Haley took on his son, Tom. Joe and Tom expanded the business’s scope to incorporate new in-novations, like air conditioning, and changed the company name to Haley’s Metal Work, Inc. When Joe’s children, Joyce and Brian, came of age, they elected to join the family business too. The brother and sister made advance-ments in both the technical and admin-istrative branches of their business. Today Brian, and son Matthew con-tinue the five-generation family tradi-tion of running the business together. Over the past 100 years, Haley’s Metal Shop has grown and modernized to specialize in customized tempera-ture regulation systems, including HVAC, central air, and geothermal heat and cooling, in addition to metal fabrication and sheet metal installa-tions. In the State of Maine, where winter temperatures make home heat-ing especially critical, Haley’s Metal Shop’s 24-hour emergency service helps keep the heat on in Maine homes. I applaud Haley’s Metal Shop for its emphasis on employee development and supporting local communities. Haley’s Metal Shop employs over 40 people, including four father-son pairs. They support their staff by providing on-the-job training to help employees develop new and important skills in this technical field. Haley’s Metal Shop has made it their commitment to give back to the community by contrib-uting to various organizations over the years, such as the United Way of York County, Biddeford’s Community Bike Center, the Maine Cancer Foundation, and the Biddeford Free Clinic, among others. These commendable efforts both in the shop and in the community help make Haley’s Metal Shop a great part of Biddeford and of Maine. I am pleased to join the Biddeford community in congratulating the Haley family and the dedicated em-ployees of Haley’s Metal Shop for this remarkable centennial achievement. I look forward to following their contin-ued growth, and I thank them for their innovation, entrepreneurship, and hard work serving communities in the State of Maine. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL DANIEL S. ARTINO Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to commend LTC Daniel S. Artino for his dedication to duty and service as an Army legislative fellow and congressional budget liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army. Dan was recently selected to command an Apache battalion and will soon de-part for Fort Bliss, TX. A native of Stow, OH, Dan was com-missioned as an aviation officer after his graduation from the U.S. Military Academy, where he earned a bachelor of science degree in international rela-tions. He also earned a master’s degree in legislative affairs from George Washington University. Dan has served in a broad range of assignments during his Army career. He has led troops as an attack platoon leader, a headquarters company com-mander, and as the commander of an attack reconnaissance company flying Apache helicopters. He has served over-seas in Germany and deployed several times into combat in support of oper-ations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Dan’s leadership has been felt from the pla-toon to the brigade level. In 2015, Dan was selected to be an Army congressional fellow, and my of-fice was fortunate to host him. For the next year, Dan served the State of Mis-sissippi and the Nation admirably. In his subsequent role as congressional budget liaison, Dan ensured the Army’s budget positions were well represented to the Senate and House Committees on Appropriations. I have enjoyed the benefit of Dan’s counsel over the past 3 years. It is a pleasure to recognize and commend Dan for his service to this country and to wish him and his wife, Cathy, all the best as they continue their journey in the U.S. Army. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID HOLLISTER ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to pay special tribute to my longtime friend and former legisla-tive colleague, David Hollister. On Au-gust 14, 2017, the city of Lansing will be renaming their city hall the ‘‘David C. Hollister City Hall,’’ a very fitting tribute to this dedicated public serv-ant. Over the years, Dave Hollister has been a mentor, a colleague, and a friend to me. I first met Dave when I was a student at Michigan State Uni-versity, working at the Cristo Rey Community Center in Lansing. As a teacher, he encouraged my first run for office: the Ingham County Board of Commissioners. I later served with him for over a decade in the Michigan House of Representatives and have worked closely with him over the years in his various public service roles. In today’s divisive political climate, Dave Hollister represents the very best of public service. He has selflessly served in State and local government. Without acclaim, he has worked tire-lessly to do what is right for people. Able to bring people together to forge solutions on the most difficult prob-lems, he is a community organizer in the truest sense of the word. Naming the Lansing City Hall after Dave Hollister is not only a fitting tribute to him, but a tribute to the kind of public service his life rep-resents. After serving in the Michigan House of Representatives, Dave was elected mayor of the city of Lansing in 1993. While mayor, he inspired and led what is known as the ‘‘Lansing Works! Keep GM!’’ movement. Dave brought to-gether community leaders in govern-ment, business, and labor and con-vinced General Motors to stay and in-vest over $1 billion in the Lansing area. This effort saved thousands of jobs and prevented a crisis in the region. Dave’s leadership serves as a model of team-work for leaders and communities across our country. Keeping General Motors in Lansing is just one example of Dave’s leadership. After serving as mayor, he was ap-pointed director of the Michigan De-partment of Labor and Economic Growth in 2003. Subsequently, Dave served as president and CEO of Prima Civitas, a nonprofit economic and com-munity development organization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.045 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4666 August 1, 2017 
based in East Lansing. Congratulations to my dear friend, David Hollister, on receiving this special distinction from the city of Lansing. It is my hope that the newly renamed city hall will serve as a lasting testament to your brand of public service to the people of the city of Lansing and the great State of Michigan.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TAYLIN ALBRECHT ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Taylin Albrecht, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Taylin is a graduate of DeSmet High School in DeSmet, SD. Currently, she is attending South Dakota State Uni-versity in Brookings, SD, she studies human development and family stud-ies. Taylin is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Taylin for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GERALD FRAAS ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Gerald Fraas, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Gerald is a graduate of West Central High School in Hartford, SD. Cur-rently, he is attending the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, AL, where he studies political science and eco-nomics. Gerald is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Gerald for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW KRALL ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Matthew Krall, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Matthew is a graduate of Mitchell High School in Mitchell, SD. Cur-rently, he is attending Dakota Wes-leyan University in Mitchell, SD, where he studies history and political science. Matthew is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Matthew for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: H.R. 3219. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2443. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to compliance by the United States courts of appeals and district courts with the time limitations established for deciding habeas corpus death penalty pe-titions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2444. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Miscellaneous Changes to Trademark Trial and Appeal Board Rules of Practice; Clarification’’ (RIN0651–AD22) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2445. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Residential Substance Abuse Treat-ment (RSAT) Study’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2446. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–2447. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2017 Annual Report: The U.S. Department of Transpor-tation’s (DOT) Status of Actions Addressing the Safety Issue Areas on the National Transportation Safety Board’s (NTSB) Most Wanted List’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2448. A communication from the Dep-uty Bureau Chief, Public Safety and Home-land Security Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Commission Review of State Opt-Out Re-quests from the FirstNet Radio Access Net-work’’ ((PS Docket No. 16–269) (FCC 17–75)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2449. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Consumer and Governmental Af-fairs Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Structure and Practices of the Video Relay Service Pro-gram; and Telecommunications Relay Serv-ices and Speech-to-Speech Services for Indi-viduals with Hearing and Speech Disabil-ities’’ ((CG Docket No. 10–51 and CG Docket No. 03–123) (FCC 17–86)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2450. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Video De-scription: Implementation of the Twenty- First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010’’ ((MB Docket No. 11–43) (FCC 17–88)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2451. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Video De-scription: Implementation of the Twenty- First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010’’ ((MB Docket No. 11–43) (FCC 17–88)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2452. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Office of Proceedings, Sur-face Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Publica-tion Requirements for Agricultural Prod-ucts; and Rail Transportation of Grain, Rate Regulation Review’’ (RIN2140–AB35 and RIN2140–AB16) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2453. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of the Cybersecurity and Commu-nications Reliability Division, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 0, 1, 2, 15 and 18 of the Commission’s Rules regarding Authorization of Radiofrequency Equipment’’ ((FCC 17–93) (ET Docket No. 15–170)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–78. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Alaska making application to the United States Congress to call a convention of the state to propose a countermand amendment to the United States Constitution as provided under Arti-cle V; and urging the legislatures of the other 49 states to make the same applica-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 14 Whereas the state’s sovereignty has been infringed upon by the federal government, including by the federal government’s recent denial of and refusal to work with state offi-cials on the construction of a lifesaving road from King Cove to Cold Bay; and Whereas the state’s access to a fair permit-ting process for projects that will develop the state’s natural resources and provide revenue streams to the state, including oil exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and large-scale mining projects throughout the state, has been continually denied by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and other agencies of the federal government; and Whereas the United States Congress has, at times, exceeded its delegated powers, the President of the United States has, at times, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.043 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4667 August 1, 2017 
exceeded the constitutional authority of the office of the President of the United States and the federal courts have, at times, exceed-ed their authority by issuing decisions on public policy matters reserved to the states in violation of the principles of federalism and separation of powers, all of which have, adversely affected the state and its people; and Whereas under the authority of art. V, Constitution of the United States; the sev-eral states should apply to the United States Congress to call a convention of the states to amend the United States Constitution and adopt a countermand amendment to author-ize the states, upon a vote of three-fifths of the state legislatures, to nullify and repeal a federal statute, executive order, judicial de-cision, regulatory decision by a federal gov-ernment agency, or government mandate im-posed on the states by law that adversely af-fects the interests of the states, in order to properly exercise the states’ constitutional authority to check federal power, preserve state sovereignty, and protect the rights of the states and the people; and Whereas the states have the authority to define and limit the agenda of a convention to a single-issue ‘‘countermand amendment convention’’ called for by the states as pro-vided under art. V, Constitution of the United States; and Whereas the delegates sent by the states to a countermand amendment convention shall have the limited authority to deliberate on and decide whether the countermand amend-ment, as preapproved by suite legislatures, should be sent back to the state legislatures for ratification; be it Resolved, That, under art. V, Constitution of the United States, the Alaska State Legis-lature directs the United States Congress to call a single-issue convention of the states, called a ‘‘countermand amendment conven-tion,’’ for the sole purpose of deciding wheth-er the proposed countermand amendment should be sent back to the state legislatures for ratification; and be it further Resolved, That this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with art. V. Constitution of the United States, until at least two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states have applied for a simi-lar convention of the states; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Alaska State Legisla-ture urges the legislatures of the other 49 states to apply to the United States Con-gress to call a single-issue countermand con-vention of the states under art. V, Constitu-tion of the United States. Copies of this resolution shall be sent to the Honorable Barack Obama, President of the United States; the Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice-President of the United States and President of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable John Boehner, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives; the Honorable Mitch McConnell, Majority Leader of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable Nancy Erickson, Secretary of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives; the Honorable Lisa Mur-kowski and the Honorable Dan Sullivan, U.S. Senators, and the Honorable Don Young, U.S. Representative, members of the Alaska delegation in Congress; and the presiding of-ficers of the legislatures of each of the other 49 states. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 504. A bill to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program (Rept. No. 115–140). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 81. A bill to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–141). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1311. A bill to provide assistance in abol-ishing human trafficking in the United States. S. 1312. A bill to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 1682. A bill to facilitate a national pipe-line of spectrum for commercial use, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DONNELLY: S. 1683. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to reduce the number of members of the Federal Election Commission from 6 to 5, to revise the method of selection and terms of service of members of the Commission, to distribute the powers of the Commission between the Chair and the remaining members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Ms. HIRONO: S. 1684. A bill to establish a position of Science Laureate of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 1685. A bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to establish procedures for con-sidering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a resi-dential mortgage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): S. 1686. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide for management of red snap-per in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. 1687. A bill to establish the Financing Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program at the Department of Energy to provide finan-cial assistance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manu-facturing facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. UDALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ): S. 1688. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate fair prescription drug prices under part D of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 1689. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to provide for a new rule regard-ing the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 1690. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with dependents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 1691. A bill to provide minimal cyberse-curity operational standards for Internet- connected devices purchased by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 1692. A bill to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I
SAKSON , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. 1693. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex traf-ficking; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 1694. A bill to improve quality and ac-countability for educator preparation pro-grams; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 1695. A bill to establish centers of excel-lence for innovative stormwater control in-frastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. UDALL: S. 1696. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a smart energy and water efficiency management pilot program; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. S HELBY , and Mr. C
RUZ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.014 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4668 August 1, 2017 
S. 1697. A bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Pal-estinian Authority to end violence and ter-rorism against Israeli citizens and United States Citizens; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1698. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of contributions to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 1699. A bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. R UBIO): S.J. Res. 48. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to parental rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 237. A resolution to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 238. A resolution recognizing the 10th anniversary and honoring the victims of the collapse of the Interstate 35W Mississippi River bridge; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ): S. Res. 239. A resolution congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins for winning the 2017 Stanley Cup hockey championship; consid-ered and agreed to . By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 240. A resolution congratulating the University of Florida baseball team for win-ning the 2017 National Collegiate Athletic Association College World Series; considered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 241. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 104 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 104, a bill to provide for the vacating of certain convictions and expungement of certain arrests of vic-tims of human trafficking. S. 114 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 114, to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve hiring au-thorities of the Department, to author-ize major medical facility leases, and for other purposes. 
S. 194 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 194, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a pub-lic health insurance option, and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 256 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 256, a bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot pro-gram to address human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Il-linois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 364 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 364, a bill to amend the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 to exempt certain re-cipients of Department of Agriculture conservation assistance from certain reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 690 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 690, a bill to extend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years. S. 697 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 697, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to lower the mileage threshold for deduction in determining adjusted gross income of certain ex-penses of members of reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes. 
S. 705 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 705, a bill to amend the Na-tional Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , her name was withdrawn as a cospon-sor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 720, supra. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclu-sion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans. 
S. 929 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 929, a bill to improve the HUBZone program. 
S. 1038 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1038, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Adminis-tration to submit to Congress a report on the utilization of small businesses with respect to certain Federal con-tracts. 
S. 1118 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1118, a bill to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes. 
S. 1196 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.017 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4669 August 1, 2017 
1196, a bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile de-fense system of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1270 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1270, a bill to direct the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to carry out pro-grams and activities to ensure that Federal science agencies and institu-tions of higher education receiving Federal research and development funding are fully engaging their entire talent pool, and for other purposes. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1428, a bill to amend sec-tion 21 of the Small Business Act to re-quire cyber certification for small busi-ness development center counselors, and for other purposes. 
S. 1522 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1522, a bill to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1586 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1586, a bill to require the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere to update periodically the envi-ronmental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1595 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1595, a bill to amend the Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Act of 2015 to impose addi-tional sanctions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1598, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1652 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1652, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Portal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and assist in the recovery of stolen wages, to authorize the Sec-retary of Labor to administer grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1674 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
UR-BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1674, a bill to provide grants for the repair, renovation, and construction of public elementary schools and secondary schools, to establish a school infra-structure bond program, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 220, a resolution express-ing solidarity with Falun Gong practi-tioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ har-vesting, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 233 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 233, a resolution designating Au-gust 16, 2017, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 436 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 436 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 448 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 448 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 681 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 681 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BOOKER: S. 1689. A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I rise to talk about the Marijuana Jus-tice Act—a bill I introduced today that would end the Federal prohibition on marijuana and start to end the War on Drugs. For far too long we have ap-proached drug use and addiction as something we can jail ourselves out of. It is beyond clear that approach has failed. It is time we start to address the persistent and systemic racial bias that has plagued our criminal justice system and adopt policies that will move us forward, not backward. It is time to de-schedule marijuana. Since 2001, arrests for marijuana have increased across the Country and now account for over 50 percent of all drug arrests in the United States. The ACLU conducted a thorough study of over 8 million marijuana arrests be-tween 2001 and 2010. It found that 88 percent of those were for marijuana possession. Alarmingly, the study also found that African Americans are 3.73 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than their white peers, even though they use marijuana at similar rates. Over the last five years, States have begun to legalize marijuana in an ef-fort to push back on the failed War on Drugs and combat the illicit drug mar-ket. Currently, eight States and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana and more States are taking up measures to follow suit. We know from the experiences of States that have already legalized marijuana that we will gain far more than we lose— these States have seen increased reve-nues and decreased rates of serious crime, and a reallocation of resources toward more productive uses. In Colo-rado, arrest rates have decreased and State revenues have increased. Wash-ington saw a 10 percent decrease in vio-lent crime over the three-year period following legalization. However, the Federal government still treats marijuana as an illegal sub-stance. It is time for the Federal gov-ernment to end the Federal prohibition of marijuana. Today, I introduced the Marijuana Justice Act, a bill that would remove marijuana from the list of controlled substances, thereby ending the Federal prohibition. The bill would also auto-matically expunge records for people who were convicted of Federal mari-juana use and possession offenses. We must help people with criminal records get back up on their feet and obtain jobs, and expunging their records is an important step in that process. The legislation would allow individ-uals currently serving time in Federal prison for marijuana offenses to peti-tion a court for a resentencing. One of the greatest tragedies from the Fair Sentencing Act was that it did not pro-vide retroactive relief to individuals serving time under the old crack and powder cocaine sentencing laws. The Marijuana Justice Act would allow people currently serving time for a marijuana offense to seek immediate relief. The bill would also use Federal funds to encourage States where marijuana is illegal to legalize the drug if they disproportionately arrest or incar-cerate low income individuals or people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.019 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4670 August 1, 2017 
of color. Too often drug laws are en-forced disproportionately against mi-norities and the poor. This is unaccept-able and belies our values. Finally, the Marijuana Justice Act would establish a community reinvest-ment fund, which would invest money in communities most affected by the War on Drugs. Building new libraries, supporting job training, and investing in community centers will improve public safety and is the right thing to do after decades of failed drug policies. The Marijuana Justice Act is a seri-ous step in acknowledging, that after 40 years, it is time to end the War on Drugs. It is time to stop our backward thinking, which has only led to back-ward results. It is time to lead with our hearts, our heads, and with policy that actually works. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I
SAKSON , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. C OCHRAN ): S. 1693. A bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not pro-hibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I would like to talk today about the criminal act of sex trafficking. Today we introduced legislation that is incredibly important to combating sex trafficking. The Senate also passed a resolution today by unanimous con-sent to provide information to the Jus-tice Department that comes out of an investigation that we did in the U.S. Senate regarding sex trafficking. This is an important day in pushing back. Let me talk about this for a second in personal terms. Imagine, if you will, that your daughter is missing. You do everything you can do to find her. Fi-nally, you see her picture on the inter-net, and she is being sold for sex. That may sound like a horror movie to you, but it is very real. Unfortunately, it is happening across our country. Families in Ohio and in your State have experienced this nightmare situa-tion. Let me tell you about Kubiiki Pride. Kubiiki Pride gave powerful tes-timony before the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations in the Senate. Ms. Pride said her daughter had been missing for 9 months when she found her picture on the top website for commercial sex activity— backpage.com. She was actually glad to have found her daughter. So she called backpage.com and said: That is my daughter. She has been missing for 9 months. She is 14 years old. Thank you for taking down the ad. Backpage.com said to her: Did you pay for the ad? She said: No. It is my 14-year-old daughter. They said: We are not going to take down the ad. You didn’t pay for it. Imagine if this were your daughter. Imagine how you would feel. These traffickers are using the inter-net to sell girls and women. Congress has a responsibility to act. We have a responsibility to act because human trafficking is now becoming a national crisis. Human trafficking, including sex trafficking, is a $150 billion-a-year in-dustry. That makes it the second big-gest criminal enterprise in the world, only behind the drug trade. And this ruthless, corrupt industry is growing significantly. Why? Because of the internet in the digital age. Victims of sex trafficking told me: ROB, this has gone from the street corner to the smart phone. Since 2007, the Polaris Project—a leading anti-trafficking advocacy group—received 33,000 reports of human trafficking through its various hot-lines. By the way, Polaris endorsed our leg-islation, which I appreciate. In 2016 alone, Polaris-operated hot-lines received 8,000 reports of human trafficking. Almost 25 percent of traf-ficking incidents reported to Polaris in the past decade happened just last year. Human trafficking reports through these hotlines went up dra-matically—35 percent—between 2015 and 2016. There is no reason to believe this trend will reverse unless we act. This is a 21st-century epidemic. The National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children noted an 846 percent increase in reports of suspected child sex trafficking through its CyberTipline from 2010 to 2015. In just 5 years, that is an increase of over 800 percent. They found this dramatic spike to be ‘‘directly correlated to the increased use of the internet to sell children for sex.’’ That is what is going on. How is this happening? People are being bought and sold on public do-mains accessible from a simple search. And the majority of online sex traf-ficking can be traced to one website called backpage.com. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren said 73 percent—three-quarters of all suspected sex trafficking it receives from the general public through its CyberTipline comes from this one website. According to leading anti-traffic or-ganizations, including Shared Hope International, service providers work-ing with child sex trafficking victims have reported that between 80 percent and 100 percent of the victims they help were bought and sold on backpage.com. My experience in Ohio is similar to that. I will tell you anecdotally, as I talked to women and girls who had been victims of sex trafficking, almost all of them tell me they have been sold on backpage. By the way, almost all of them tell me that they had become ad-dicted in the process to an opioid, her-oin, or prescription drugs and that is used to keep their dependency on their trafficker. In January of this year, a nearly 2- year investigation by the Senate Per-manent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions produced a report finding backpage to be more deeply complicit in illegal online sex trafficking than anyone imagined. Everyone already knew sex trafficking was taking place on this website. It is there. But our re-port found that backpage actively and knowingly facilitated the criminal sex trafficking of women and children; then it covered up evidence of these crimes to increase its own profits. This is the information we have now pro-vided to the Department of Justice. We also know from a recent Wash-ington Post report that, despite its claims, backpage aggressively solicited and created sex-related ads to lure cus-tomers to its website. It claims it ‘‘leads the industry’’ in its screening of illegal activity, including sex ads for children, but that isn’t true. To the contrary, it appears the industry backpage leads is online sex traf-ficking, valuing its profits more than the rights of vulnerable women and young children. They have known their site has been used for illegal sex traf-ficking for years, but instead of put-ting a stop to it, the company has ac-tively facilitated these crimes. That is why Congress has to act. Last month, I, along with Senators M
CCAS-
KILL and C ARPER , launched a criminal review of backpage.com. Today, the Senate passed a resolution releasing materials from our 18-month investiga-tion to the Department. I hope the De-partment of Justice will join in this fight against backpage, but I believe achieving justice for these victims re-quires a legislative fix once and for all. There is a recent documentary, and I would encourage you to look at it. It is powerful and tough, but it is impor-tant. It is called ‘‘I am Jane Doe.’’ It chronicles the cases of three young girls who were sex trafficking victims bought and sold on backpage. In 2014, these girls brought cases against backpage, accusing them of knowingly assisting in their trafficking. The ads on backpage for each of these girls ex-plicitly promoted their youth. These were underage girls. The court found that the victims made a strong case that backpage tai-lored its site to make underage sex trafficking easier, but the court ruled that third-party websites facilitating sex trafficking are immune from charges brought on by victims, no mat-ter how complicit the website was in the crime, citing the blanket immu-nity granted by a 1996 law called the Communications Decency Act, or CDA. Around the same time in Massachu-setts, three young victims sued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.023 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4671 August 1, 2017 
backpage after they were bought and sold on their website for sex. They, too, argued that backpage made sex traf-ficking easier. This case reached the First Circuit Court of Appeals, but backpage was once again spared of any legal ramifications because of the Com-munications Decency Act, specifically section 230 of that law—the clause courts credit to giving third-party pro-viders blanket immunity from crimes committed through their website. Despite its ruling, the court recog-nized the immoral nature of backpage appearing to profit from online pros-titution but maintained they couldn’t do anything about it because the law protected these acts. The court opinion stated that in order to fix the problem, ‘‘the remedy is through legislation, not litigation.’’ That is who we are. We are the legislators. The court of appeals said: Congress, do your job. Numerous judicial decisions have suggested that Congress must act, be-fore the courts, to bring justice to the victims and families of online sex traf-ficking. That is my intention in intro-ducing this legislation today. I believe that we need to have free internet. All of us do. I believe that the Communications Decency Act is a well-intentioned law that has an im-portant purpose. But the law was not intended to protect those who willingly facilitate illegal conduct, such as sex trafficking, and it wasn’t intended to protect backpage.com. That is why today I, along with a number of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle, have introduced this bill called the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act. It clarifies section 230 of the Communica-tions Decency Act to ensure that websites that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking can be held liable and the victims can get justice. It is very nar-row. You have to knowingly be in-volved in supporting, assisting, and fa-cilitating sex trafficking. This will not be a broad net. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act puts in place three narrowly craft-ed and commonsense reforms. First, it allows victims to seek jus-tice against websites that knowingly facilitate crimes against them. Second, it eliminates the Federal li-ability protections for websites that assist, support, or facilitate a violation of Federal sex trafficking laws—laws already on the books. Finally, it will enable State law en-forcement—not just the Department of Justice—to take legal action if these businesses violate Federal sex traf-ficking laws. Forty-seven attorneys general asked for this. The internet revolutionized illegal sex trafficking, and Federal law has not kept pace. It is time for this 21- year-old law to be brought into this century. The Stop Enabling Sex Traf-fickers Act is legislation our courts have been calling for, our attorneys general have been calling for, and most importantly, what victims and their families have been insisting that we do. Again, this law was never intended to protect sex traffickers who prey on the most innocent and vulnerable among us. This narrowly crafted bill gives law enforcement the tools they need to go after criminals who traffic women and children online for sex. There are some groups who have been critical of this effort to hold backpage accountable and stop this online ex-ploitation. They have suggested that this bipartisan bill could impact main-stream websites and service providers— the good actors out there. That is false. Our bill does not amend, and thus pre-serves, the Communications Decency Act’s Good Samaritan provision. This provision protects good actors who proactively block and screen for offen-sive material and thus shields them from any frivolous lawsuits. That is in the legislation and needs to be in there. This bipartisan legislation preserves internet freedom, while holding those who actively facilitate online sex traf-ficking accountable. I recently visited the Ranch of Op-portunity in Washington Court House, OH. This is a place of hope for girls be-tween ages 13 and 18 to find healing and recovery during a residential treat-ment program. Most of the girls at the ranch, I am told, have been victims of sex trafficking. As I heard heart-breaking stories from these girls who have had their most basic human rights stripped from them, backpage came up. As I said earlier, it almost al-ways does. We can never take back the horrors they had to endure. What we can do and what this legislation will do is bring justice to these victims and their families. I am proud to stand with my 20, now 25, bipartisan colleagues, as well as 18 anti-human trafficking advocacy groups and law enforcement organiza-tions around this country, to support this legislation as we fight against this abhorrent evil. In a letter of support, the president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children said: ‘‘This bill will help ensure justice for child sex trafficking victims and clar-ify remedies available to civil attor-neys and State attorneys general to as-sist victims in holding everyone re-sponsible who participated in their trafficking.’’ That is what it is about. It is about securing justice for those who have had their most basic human rights taken away, and it is about protecting vul-nerable women and children. Victims of sex trafficking know evil far worse than many of us can ever imagine. The trauma they go through is unbeliev-able. We owe it to them to fix flaws in the justice system that allow people complicit in these crimes to profit from human misery and suffering. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act will do that. Thank you, Mr. President. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. C OONS ): S. 1694. A bill to improve quality and accountability for educator prepara-tion programs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. REED. Mr. President, we know that the quality of teachers and prin-cipals are two of the most important in-school factors related to student achievement. Yet the pipeline into the profession has been neglected. If we want to improve our schools, it is es-sential that we invest in the profes-sional preparation of teachers, prin-cipals, and other educators. As such, today, I am reintroducing the Educator Preparation Reform Act with my col-leagues Senators CASEY and C OONS to ensure that the Federal government continues to be a partner in addressing this critical national need. Today, we are facing a crisis in edu-cation. According to a research brief from the Learning Policy Institute, we have seen dramatic declines in enroll-ment in teacher preparation pro-grams—an estimated 35 percent decline between 2009 and 2014. We also continue to see high rates of attrition among educators. If these trends continue, there will be an estimated gap of more than 100,000 between the number of teaching positions open and the num-ber of teachers available to be hired annually through 2025. The impact of these shortages falls the hardest on our most vulnerable students in our highest need commu-nities. Rhode Island is no exception. Providence, our largest school district, is facing an acute shortage of teachers certified to teach English language learners. My home State has also re-ported shortages in special education, science, math, and school nurses. We cannot solve this problem with-out improving both teacher and prin-cipal preparation. We need to make sure that our educator preparation pro-grams are worthy of the professionals entering the field and the students they will serve. That is why it is more urgent than ever that we enact the Ed-ucator Preparation Reform Act. Our legislation builds on the success of the Teacher Quality Partnership Program, which I helped author in the 1998 reauthorization of the Higher Edu-cation Act. It continues the partner-ship between high need school dis-tricts, institutions of higher education, and educator preparation programs to reform pre-service programs based on the unique needs of the partners. Among the key changes are specific at-tention and emphasis on principals and the addition of a residency program for new principals. Improving instruction is a team effort, with principals at the helm. This bill better connects teacher preparation with principal preparation. The Educator Preparation Reform Act will also allow partnerships to develop preparation programs for other areas of instructional need, such as for school librarians, counselors, or other aca-demic support professionals. The bill streamlines the account-ability and reporting requirements for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.032 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4672 August 1, 2017 
teacher preparation programs to pro-vide greater transparency on key qual-ity measures such as admissions stand-ards, requirements for clinical prac-tice, placement of graduates, retention in the field of teaching, and teacher performance, including student-learn-ing outcomes. All programs—whether traditional or alternative routes to cer-tification—will report on the same measures. Under our legislation, States will be required to identify at-risk and low- performing programs and provide them with technical assistance and a timeline for improvement. States would be encouraged to close programs that do not improve. We have been fortunate to work with many stakeholders on this legislation. Organizations that have endorsed the Educator Preparation Reform Act in-clude: the American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education, Amer-ican Association of State Colleges and Universities, Association of Jesuit Col-leges and Universities, Council for Christian Colleges and Universities, Higher Education Consortium for Spe-cial Education, Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities, National As-sociation of Elementary School Prin-cipals, National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals, National As-sociation of State Directors of Special Education, National Disability Rights Network, National Network of State Teachers of the Year, Public Advocacy for Kids, Rural School and Community Trust, and the Teacher Education Divi-sion of the Council for Exceptional Children. I look forward to working to incor-porate this legislation into the upcom-ing reauthorization of the Higher Edu-cation Act. I urge my colleagues to join us in this effort and support this legislation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 237—TO AU-THORIZE THE PRODUCTION OF RECORDS BY THE PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGA-TIONS OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOV-ERNMENTAL AFFAIRS Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution on docu-mentary production by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and ask for its immediate consideration. Mr. President, earlier this year the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations of the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs completed an investigation into internet sex trafficking. After com-pleting that investigation, the Sub-committee referred its staff reports and findings to the United States De-partment of Justice for additional in-vestigation. The Subcommittee has re-ceived a request from the Department seeking access to records that the Sub-committee obtained during the inves-tigation. In keeping with the Senate’s practice under its rules, this resolution would authorize the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, act-ing jointly, to provide records, ob-tained by the Subcommittee in the course of its investigation, in response to this request and requests from other Federal or State government entities and officials with a legitimate need for the records. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the material of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the material was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. R ES. 237 Whereas, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs con-ducted an investigation into Internet sex trafficking; Whereas, the Subcommittee has received a request from a federal law enforcement agen-cy for access to records of the Subcommit-tee’s investigation; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate can, by administrative or judicial process, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate is needed for the promotion of jus-tice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, acting jointly, are authorized to provide to law enforcement officials, regu-latory agencies, and other entities or indi-viduals duly authorized by federal or state governments, records of the Subcommittee’s investigation into Internet sex trafficking. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 238—RECOG-NIZING THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY AND HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE COLLAPSE OF THE INTER-STATE 35W MISSISSIPPI RIVER BRIDGE Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 238 Whereas, on August 1, 2007, the Interstate 35W Mississippi River bridge (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘I–35W bridge’’) col-lapsed, killing 13 people and injuring 145 peo-ple; Whereas the I–35W bridge was one of the busiest bridges in the State of Minnesota, carrying more than 140,000 vehicles each day; Whereas first responders and commuters collectively responded quickly and effec-tively to provide help and ensure safety; Whereas, during the first 2 hours after the I–35W bridge collapsed, the Minneapolis Emergency Communications Center received and processed more than 500 calls, 51 of which came directly from the scene of the disaster; Whereas, after the collapse, there was a bi-partisan effort to pass legislation that pro-vided emergency funding to replace the I– 35W bridge; Whereas construction of the Interstate 35W Saint Anthony Falls bridge (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘new I–35W bridge’’) to replace the I–35W bridge began on November 1, 2007; Whereas the new I–35W bridge opened to traffic on September 18, 2008, which was 3 months ahead of schedule; Whereas residents, businesses, community members, and local government officials contributed to the design of the new I–35W bridge; Whereas the new I–35W bridge— (1) has a 100-year lifespan; (2) is 189 feet wide; and (3) accommodates 10 lanes of traffic; Whereas the new I–35W bridge won the America’s Transportation Awards Grand Prize on October 30, 2009; and Whereas, on September 11, 2009, the new I– 35W bridge was named one of the 10 best transportation projects in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 10th anniversary of the tragic Interstate 35W Mississippi River bridge collapse; (2) honors the victims of the bridge col-lapse and their families; (3) commemorates the bravery and com-mitment of the public safety personnel that effectively responded to the collapse; and (4) acknowledges the successful commu-nity-wide effort to design, plan, and con-struct the Interstate 35W Saint Anthony Falls bridge. f SENATE RESOLUTION 239—CON-GRATULATING THE PITTSBURGH PENGUINS FOR WINNING THE 2017 STANLEY CUP HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 239 Whereas on June 11, 2017, the Pittsburgh Penguins won the 2017 Stanley Cup hockey championship; Whereas the Penguins, in their 50th year playing in the National Hockey League (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘NHL’’), won their fifth Stanley Cup; Whereas the Penguins defeated the West-ern Conference Champion Nashville Preda-tors in the Stanley Cup Finals, clinching the series with 4 wins and 2 losses; Whereas the Penguins are the only NHL team to win back-to-back Stanley Cup championships since the NHL instituted sal-ary caps in 2005 and the first team to do so since 1998; Whereas the Penguins endured 3 tough op-ponents en route to the championship, de-feating the Columbus Blue Jackets, the Washington Capitals, and the Ottawa Sen-ators to clinch the Eastern Conference title and win their sixth Prince of Wales Trophy; Whereas the city of Pittsburgh is fittingly nicknamed ‘‘The City of Champions’’, high-lighting the success of Pittsburgh profes-sional sports teams, which have tallied 16 championships; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.025 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4673 August 1, 2017 
Whereas NHL Hall of Famer Mario Lemieux and Ron Burkle have jointly owned the team for 18 years, saving the Penguins from relocation and maintaining the team for the city of Pittsburgh; Whereas longtime Penguins radio an-nouncer Mike Lange is beloved by loyal fans of the team for such expressions as ‘‘Lord Stanley, Lord Stanley, get me the brandy’’; Whereas Penguins Captain Sidney Crosby, who has shown immense leadership, commit-ment to the team, and unparalleled skill throughout his outstanding career, was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as the 2017 NHL Playoffs Most Valuable Player, his sec-ond Conn Smythe Trophy in 2 years; Whereas goaltender Matt Murray dazzled throughout the playoffs, becoming the first goaltender to win 2 Stanley Cups as a rookie, shutting out the Nashville Predators for the final 126 minutes, 52 seconds, and setting a rookie record with 2 shutouts in the Final series; Whereas goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury contributed to the defensive prowess of the team throughout the Stanley Cup Playoffs, playing in 15 games, including a memorable shutout performance in Game 7 of the East-ern Conference Second Round; and Whereas the entire Penguins roster con-tributed to the Stanley Cup victory, includ-ing Josh Archibald, Nick Bonino, Sidney Crosby, Matt Cullen, Jean-Sebastien Dea, Jake Guentzel, Carl Hagelin, Patric Hornqvist, Phil Kessel, Tom Kuhnhackl, Chris Kunitz, Evgeni Malkin, Kevin Porter, Carter Rowney, Bryan Rust, Tom Sestito, Conor Sheary, Dominik Simon, Daniel Sprong, Oskar Sundqvist, Garrett Wilson, Scott Wilson, Ian Cole, Frank Corrado, Trevor Daley, Brian Dumoulin, Cameron Gaunce, Ron Hainsey, Kris Letang, Olli Maatta, Derrick Pouliot, Chad Ruhwedel, Justin Schultz, Mark Streit, David Warsofsky, Marc-Andre Fleury, Tristan Jarry, Sean Maguire, and Matt Murray: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Pittsburgh Penguins and the loyal fans of the Penguins for becom-ing the 2017 National Hockey League Stanley Cup champions; and (2) respectfully directs the Secretary of the Senate to transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the co-owners of the Pittsburgh Pen-guins, Mario Lemieux and Ron Burkle; joint-ly (B) the President of the Pittsburgh Pen-guins, David Morehouse; and (C) the Head Coach of the Pittsburgh Pen-guins, Mike Sullivan. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 240—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA BASEBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2017 NA-TIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION COLLEGE WORLD SERIES Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 240 Whereas, on June 27, 2017, the University of Florida Gators won the 2017 National Colle-giate Athletic Association College World Se-ries after sweeping the Louisiana State Uni-versity Tigers 2-0 in the series in Omaha, Ne-braska; Whereas the University of Florida baseball team has competed in 11 College World Se-ries tournaments; Whereas, in winning the 2017 College World Series, the University of Florida baseball team secured the first national champion-ship in baseball and the 39th national cham-pionship in a team sport for the University of Florida since the founding of the institu-tion in 1853; Whereas Head Coach Kevin O’Sullivan won his first national title as Head Coach in his tenth season at the University of Florida; Whereas pitcher Alex Faedo was named Most Outstanding Player of the 2017 College World Series; Whereas outfielder Alex Langworthy, pitcher Alex Faedo, and pitcher Brady Sing-er were named to the 2017 College World Se-ries All-Tournament Team; and Whereas the University of Florida is only the sixth school to win a national champion-ship in baseball, football, and basketball; and Whereas the University of Florida Gators baseball team is the 2017 Division I National Champion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the University of Florida for winning the 2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association College World Series; (2) recognizes the achievement and dedica-tion of all players, coaches, and support staff who contributed to winning the national championship; (3) congratulates the citizens of Florida, the University of Florida, and Florida Gators fans everywhere; and (4) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-ate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolu-tion to— (A) Dr. W. Kent Fuchs, President of the University of Florida; (B) Scott Stricklin, Director of Athletics at the University of Florida; and (C) Kevin O’Sullivan, Head Coach of the University of Florida baseball team. f SENATE RESOLUTION 241—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL PURPLE HEART RECOGNITION DAY Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to introduce a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day. I am pleased to have been joined in sponsoring this res-olution by the senior Senator from West Virginia, Senator Manchin, and 25 of our Senate colleagues. The Purple Heart’s history goes as far back as the founding of our Nation. General George Washington established what is now known as the Purple Heart Medal when he issued an order estab-lishing the Military Badge of Merit on August 7, 1782. General Washington wished for the award to be used to rec-ognize meritorious action performed by members of the Continental Army, and it took the form of a purple heart. The Military Badge of Merit was dis-continued after the Revolution and was not revived until 1932, when the Purple Heart medal was authorized as its offi-cial successor decoration. On February 22, 1932, the 200th Anniversary of the birth of George Washington, then- Army Chief of Staff General Douglas MacArthur resurrected the award, and it was redesignated as the Purple Heart. Quite appropriately, this rees-tablished Purple Heart Medal exhibits the bust and profile of George Wash-ington. It is around this time that the Purple Heart became synonymous with those unfortunate heroes who were killed or wounded in combat. Since 1932, the U.S. Military has awarded more than 1.8 million Purple Hearts. Mr. President, just as the Purple Heart Medal has held a special mean-ing to its millions of recipients and their families, it also has special sig-nificance to my family. My father is a World War II veteran who was wounded twice during the Battle of the Bulge in Europe. He earned two Purple Hearts and the Bronze Star, and it was from him that I first learned to honor and respect our veterans. The Purple Heart is a reminder that freedom is a gift purchased at the greatest possible price, and it is for that reason that I introduce this reso-lution. It is vitally important for all Americans to learn the history of this important military award, and under-stand and honor the sacrifices of the many men and women in uniform who have earned the Purple Heart. I am grateful to all of my colleagues who joined me in supporting this resolu-tion. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection: the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. R ES. 241 Whereas, on August 7, 1782, during the Rev-olutionary War, General George Washington established what is now known as the Purple Heart Medal when he issued an order estab-lishing the Badge of Military Merit; Whereas the Badge of Military Merit was designed in the shape of a heart in purple cloth or silk; Whereas, while the award of the Badge of Military Merit ceased with the end of the Revolutionary War, the Purple Heart Medal was authorized in 1932 as the official suc-cessor decoration to the Badge of Military Merit; Whereas the Purple Heart Medal is the old-est United States military decoration in present use; Whereas the Purple Heart Medal is award-ed in the name of the President of the United States to recognize members of the Armed Forces who are killed or wounded in action against an enemy of the United States or are killed or wounded while held as prisoners of war; Whereas the Purple Heart Medal has been awarded to an estimated 1,800,000 recipients; and Whereas August 7, 2017, is an appropriate day to celebrate as National Purple Heart Recognition Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Purple Heart Recognition Day; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.031 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4674 August 1, 2017 
(2) encourages all people of the United States— (A) to learn about the history of the Purple Heart Medal; (B) to honor recipients of the Purple Heart Medal; and (C) to conduct appropriate ceremonies, ac-tivities, and programs to demonstrate sup-port for people who have been awarded the Purple Heart Medal. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 741. Mr. GRASSLEY proposed an amendment to the bill S. 860, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. SA 742. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and im-prove the justice system’s response to vic-tims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. SA 743. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. R
UBIO) pro- posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote qual-ity basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to elimi-nate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. SA 744. Mr. PORTMAN (for Ms. M
URKOWSKI  (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the North-ern Mariana Islands. SA 745. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. I
SAKSON  (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. K ING, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, and Mr. B ROWN )) proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 2288, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions re-garding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. SA 746. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. J
OHNSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 582, to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 741. Mr. GRASSLEY proposed an amendment to the bill S. 860, to reau-thorize and improve the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Beginning on page 40, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 41, line 23. 
SA 742. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the jus-tice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases; as follows: 
On page 12, line 3, strike ‘‘individual’’ and insert ‘‘individually’’. Beginning on page 23, strike line 15 and all that follows through page 24, line 15 and in-sert the following: (1) Federal Government efforts to mon-itor— (A) the exploitation of older adults of the United States in global drug trafficking schemes and other international criminal enterprises; (B) the extent to which exploitation of older adults of the United States by inter-national criminal enterprises has resulted in the incarceration of these citizens of the United States in foreign countries; and (C) the total annual number of elder abuse cases pending in the United States; and (2) the results of intervention by the United States with foreign officials on behalf of citizens of the United States who are elder abuse victims in international criminal en-terprises. SA 743. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. R
UBIO) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote qual-ity basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
On page 8, line 20, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. On page 8, line 23, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. On page 8, between lines 23 and 24, insert the following: ‘‘(E) promote United States values, espe-cially respect for all persons and freedoms of religion, speech, and the press. On page 12, line 14, strike ‘‘; and’’ and in-sert a semicolon. On page 12, strike line 17 and insert ‘‘edu-cational systems; and’’. On page 12, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: ‘‘(C) there is the greatest opportunity to reduce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or extremist ideologies.’’. 
SA 744. Mr. PORTMAN (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself and Ms. C ANTWELL )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2, strike line 19, and all that follows through the end and insert the following: (B) by striking ‘‘‘ending on December 31, 2019’.’’ and inserting ‘‘ending on December 31, 2019, except that for fiscal year 2017 an ad-ditional 350 permits shall be made available for extension of existing permits, expiring after the date of enactment of the Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act through September 30, 2017, of which no fewer than 60 shall be reserved for healthcare practitioners and technical operations (as that term is defined by the Department of Labor as Standard Occupational Classifica-tion Group 29–0000 or any successor provi-sion), and no fewer than 10 shall be reserved for plant and system operators (as that term is defined by the Department of Labor as Standard Occupational Classification Group 51–8000 or any successor provision).’’. 
SA 745. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. I SAK-
SON(for himself, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. T
ESTER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. K ING, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. B
ROWN )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2288, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of deci-sions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; as follows: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REFORM OF RIGHTS AND PROCESSES RE-LATING TO APPEALS OF DECISIONS REGARDING CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 101 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(34) The term ‘agency of original jurisdic-tion’ means the activity which entered the original determination with regard to a claim for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(35) The term ‘relevant evidence’ means evidence that tends to prove or disprove a matter in issue. ‘‘(36) The term ‘supplemental claim’ means a claim for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary filed by a claimant who had previously filed a claim for the same or simi-lar benefits on the same or similar basis.’’. (b) N
OTICE REGARDING CLAIMS .—Section 5103(a) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), the’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(i) by striking ‘‘, a claim for reopening a prior decision on a claim, or a claim for an increase in bene-fits;’’ and inserting ‘‘or a supplemental claim;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The requirement to provide notice under paragraph (1) shall not apply with re-spect to a supplemental claim that is filed within the timeframe set forth in subpara-graphs (B) and (D) of section 5110(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RULEREGARDING DIS-
ALLOWED CLAIMS .—Section 5103A(f) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘reopen’’ and inserting ‘‘re-adjudicate’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘material’’ and inserting ‘‘relevant’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF DUTY TO ASSIST CLAIM-
ANTS .—Section 5103A of such title is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (g) through (i), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF DUTY TO ASSIST .—(1) The Secretary’s duty to assist under this section shall apply only to a claim, or sup-plemental claim, for a benefit under a law administered by the Secretary until the time that a claimant is provided notice of the agency of original jurisdiction’s decision with respect to such claim, or supplemental claim, under section 5104 of this title. ‘‘(2) The Secretary’s duty to assist under this section shall not apply to higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction, pursuant to section 5104B of this title, or to review on appeal by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals. ‘‘(f) C
ORRECTION OF DUTY TO ASSIST ER-
RORS .—(1) If, during review of the agency of original jurisdiction decision under section 5104B of this title, the higher-level adjudi-cator identifies or learns of an error on the part of the agency of original jurisdiction to satisfy its duties under this section, and that error occurred prior to the agency of original 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.035 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4675 August 1, 2017 
jurisdiction decision being reviewed, unless the Secretary may award the maximum ben-efit in accordance with this title based on the evidence of record, the higher-level adju-dicator shall return the claim for correction of such error and readjudication. ‘‘(2)(A) If the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, during review on appeal of an agency of original jurisdiction decision, identifies or learns of an error on the part of the agency of original jurisdiction to satisfy its duties under this section, and that error occurred prior to the agency of original jurisdiction decision on appeal, unless the Secretary may award the maximum benefit in accordance with this title based on the evidence of record, the Board shall remand the claim to the agency of original jurisdiction for cor-rection of such error and readjudication. ‘‘(B) Remand for correction of such error may include directing the agency of original jurisdiction to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109 of this title. ‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to imply that the Secretary, dur-ing the consideration of a claim, does not have a duty to correct an error described in paragraph (1) or (2) that was erroneously not identified during higher-level review or dur-ing review on appeal with respect to the claim.’’. (e) D
ECISIONS AND NOTICES OF DECISIONS .— Subsection (b) of section 5104 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Each notice provided under subsection (a) shall also include all of the following: ‘‘(1) Identification of the issues adju-dicated. ‘‘(2) A summary of the evidence considered by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) A summary of the applicable laws and regulations. ‘‘(4) Identification of findings favorable to the claimant. ‘‘(5) In the case of a denial, identification of elements not satisfied leading to the de-nial. ‘‘(6) An explanation of how to obtain or ac-cess evidence used in making the decision. ‘‘(7) If applicable, identification of the cri-teria that must be satisfied to grant service connection or the next higher level of com-pensation.’’. (f) B
INDING NATURE OF FAVORABLE FIND-
INGS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 51 of such title is amended by inserting after section 5104 the following new section: ‘‘§ 5104A. Binding nature of favorable findings ‘‘Any finding favorable to the claimant as described in section 5104(b)(4) of this title shall be binding on all subsequent adjudica-tors within the Department, unless clear and convincing evidence is shown to the contrary to rebut such favorable finding.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5104 the following new item: ‘‘5104A. Binding nature of favorable find-ings.’’. (g) H
IGHER -LEVEL REVIEW BY AGENCY OF  O
RIGINAL JURISDICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (f), is further amend-ed by inserting after section 5104A, as added by such subsection, the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 5104B. Higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) A claimant may re-quest a review of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction by a higher-level ad-judicator within the agency of original juris-diction. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall approve each re-quest for review under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) TIME AND MANNER OF REQUEST .—(1) A request for higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction shall be— ‘‘(A) in writing in such form as the Sec-retary may prescribe; and ‘‘(B) made within one year of the notice of the agency of original jurisdiction’s decision. ‘‘(2) Such request may specifically indicate whether such review is requested by a high-er-level adjudicator at the same office within the agency of original jurisdiction or by an adjudicator at a different office of the agen-cy of original jurisdiction. The Secretary shall not deny such request for review by an adjudicator at a different office of the agen-cy of original jurisdiction without good cause. ‘‘(c) D
ECISION .—Notice of a higher-level re-view decision under this section shall be pro-vided in writing and shall include a general statement— ‘‘(1) reflecting whether evidence was not considered pursuant to subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) noting the options available to the claimant to have the evidence described in paragraph (1), if any, considered by the De-partment. ‘‘(d) E
VIDENTIARY RECORD FOR REVIEW .— The evidentiary record before the higher- level adjudicator shall be limited to the evi-dence of record in the agency of original ju-risdiction decision being reviewed. ‘‘(e) D
ENOVOREVIEW .—A review of the de-cision of the agency of original jurisdiction by a higher-level adjudicator within the agency of original jurisdiction shall be de novo.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (f), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5104A, as added by such subsection, the following new item: ‘‘5104B. Higher-level review by the agency of original jurisdiction.’’. (h) O
PTIONS FOLLOWING DECISION BY AGEN-
CY OF ORIGINAL JURISDICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (g), is further amend-ed by inserting after section 5104B, as added by such subsection, the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 5104C. Options following decision by agen-cy of original jurisdiction ‘‘(a) W
ITHIN ONEYEAR OF DECISION .—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), in any case in which the Secretary renders a decision on a claim, the claimant may take any of the fol-lowing actions on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision with respect to that claim: ‘‘(A) File a request for higher-level review under section 5104B of this title. ‘‘(B) File a supplemental claim under sec-tion 5108 of this title. ‘‘(C) File a notice of disagreement under section 7105 of this title. ‘‘(2)(A) Once a claimant takes an action set forth in paragraph (1), the claimant may not take another action set forth in that para-graph with respect to the same claim or same issue contained within the claim until— ‘‘(i) the higher-level review, supplemental claim, or notice of disagreement is adju-dicated; or ‘‘(ii) the request for higher-level review, supplemental claim, or notice of disagree-ment is withdrawn. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this subsection shall pro-hibit a claimant from taking any of the ac-tions set forth in paragraph (1) in succession with respect to a claim or an issue contained within the claim. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this subsection shall pro-hibit a claimant from taking different ac-tions set forth in paragraph (1) with respect to different claims or different issues con-tained within a claim. ‘‘(D) The Secretary may, as the Secretary considers appropriate, develop and imple-ment a policy for claimants who— ‘‘(i) take an action under paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) wish to withdraw the action before the higher-level review, supplemental claim, or notice of disagreement is adjudicated; and ‘‘(iii) in lieu of such action take a different action under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) MORE THAN ONEYEAR AFTER DECI-
SION.—In any case in which the Secretary renders a decision on a claim and more than one year has passed since the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision with respect to that claim, the claimant may file a supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title, as amended by subsection (g), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5104B, as added by such subsection, the following new item: ‘‘5104C. Options following decision by agency of original jurisdiction.’’. (i) S
UPPLEMENTAL CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5108 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 5108. Supplemental claims ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If new and relevant evi-dence is presented or secured with respect to a supplemental claim, the Secretary shall re-adjudicate the claim taking into consider-ation all of the evidence of record. ‘‘(b) D
UTY TO ASSIST .—(1) If a claimant, in connection with a supplemental claim, rea-sonably identifies existing records, whether or not in the custody of a Federal depart-ment or agency, the Secretary shall assist the claimant in obtaining the records in ac-cordance with section 5103A of this title. ‘‘(2) Assistance under paragraph (1) shall not be predicated upon a finding that new and relevant evidence has been presented or secured.’’. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 5108 of such title, as amended by paragraph (1), shall not be construed to impose a higher evi-dentiary threshold than the new and mate-rial evidence standard that was in effect pur-suant to such section on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5108 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘5108. Supplemental claims.’’. (j) R
EMAND TO OBTAIN ADVISORY MEDICAL  O
PINION .—Section 5109 of such title is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Board of Veterans’ Appeals shall remand a claim to direct the agency of original jurisdiction to obtain an advisory medical opinion from an independent med-ical expert under this section if the Board finds that the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion should have exercised its discretion to obtain such an opinion. ‘‘(2) The Board’s remand instructions shall include the questions to be posed to the inde-pendent medical expert providing the advi-sory medical opinion.’’. (k) R
ESTATEMENT OF REQUIREMENT FOR EX-
PEDITED TREATMENT OF RETURNED AND RE-
MANDED CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5109B of such title is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4676 August 1, 2017 
‘‘§ 5109B. Expedited treatment of returned and remanded claims ‘‘The Secretary shall take such actions as may be necessary to provide for the expedi-tious treatment by the Veterans Benefits Administration of any claim that is returned by a higher-level adjudicator under section 5104B of this title or remanded by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 51 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5109B and inserting the following new item: ‘‘5109B. Expedited treatment of returned and remanded claims.’’. (l) E
FFECTIVE DATES OF AWARDS .—Section 5110 of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a)(1) Unless specifically provided other-wise in this chapter, the effective date of an award based on an initial claim, or a supple-mental claim, of compensation, dependency and indemnity compensation, or pension, shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of application therefor. ‘‘(2) For purposes of determining the effec-tive date of an award under this section, the date of application shall be considered the date of the filing of the initial application for a benefit if the claim is continuously pur-sued by filing any of the following, either alone or in succession: ‘‘(A) A request for higher-level review under section 5104B of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision. ‘‘(B) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision. ‘‘(C) A notice of disagreement on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issues a decision. ‘‘(D) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the Board of Veterans’ Appeals issues a decision. ‘‘(E) A supplemental claim under section 5108 of this title on or before the date that is one year after the date on which the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims issues a deci-sion. ‘‘(3) Except as otherwise provided in this section, for supplemental claims received more than one year after the date on which the agency of original jurisdiction issued a decision or the Board of Veterans’ Appeals issued a decision, the effective date shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of the supplemental claim.’’; and (2) in subsection (i), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘reopened’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudicated’’; (B) by striking ‘‘material’’ and inserting ‘‘relevant’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘reopening’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudication’’. (m) D
EFINITION OF AWARD OR INCREASED  A
WARD FOR PURPOSES OF PROVISIONS RELAT -
ING TO COMMENCEMENT OF PERIOD OF PAY-
MENT .—Section 5111(d)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or reopened award’’ and inserting ‘‘award or award based on a supplemental claim’’. (n) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON FEES A
LLOWABLE FOR REPRESENTATION .—Section 5904(c) of such title is amended, in para-graphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘notice of dis-agreement is filed’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘claimant is provided notice of the agency of original jurisdiction’s initial decision under section 5104 of this title’’. (o) CLARIFICATION OF BOARD OF VETERANS ’ A
PPEALS REFERRAL REQUIREMENTS AFTER  O
RDER FOR RECONSIDERATION OF DECISIONS .— Section 7103(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘heard’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘decided’’. (p) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  R
EADJUDICATION .—Section 7104(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘reopened’’ and inserting ‘‘readjudicated’’. (q) M
ODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR AP-
PEALS TO BOARD OF VETERANS ’ APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7105 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking the first sentence and inserting ‘‘Appellate review shall be initiated by the filing of a notice of disagreement in the form prescribed by the Secretary.’’; (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1)(A) Except in the case of simulta-neously contested claims, a notice of dis-agreement shall be filed within one year from the date of the mailing of notice of the decision of the agency of original jurisdic-tion pursuant to section 5104, 5104B, or 5108 of this title. ‘‘(B) A notice of disagreement postmarked before the expiration of the one-year period shall be accepted as timely filed. ‘‘(C) A question as to timeliness or ade-quacy of the notice of disagreement shall be decided by the Board. ‘‘(2)(A) Notices of disagreement shall be in writing, shall identify the specific deter-mination with which the claimant disagrees, and may be filed by the claimant, the claim-ant’s legal guardian, or such accredited rep-resentative, attorney, or authorized agent as may be selected by the claimant or legal guardian. ‘‘(B) Not more than one recognized organi-zation, attorney, or agent may be recognized at any one time in the prosecution of a claim. ‘‘(C) Notices of disagreement shall be filed with the Board. ‘‘(3) The notice of disagreement shall indi-cate whether the claimant requests— ‘‘(A) a hearing before the Board, which shall include an opportunity to submit evi-dence in accordance with section 7113(b) of this title; ‘‘(B) an opportunity to submit additional evidence without a hearing before the Board, which shall include an opportunity to submit evidence in accordance with section 7113(c) of this title; or ‘‘(C) a review by the Board without a hear-ing or the submittal of additional evidence. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall develop a policy to permit a claimant to modify the information identified in the notice of disagreement after the notice of disagreement has been filed under this section pursuant to such require-ments as the Secretary may prescribe.’’; (C) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) If no notice of disagreement is filed in accordance with this chapter within the pre-scribed period, the action or decision of the agency of original jurisdiction shall become final and the claim shall not thereafter be readjudicated or allowed, except— ‘‘(1) in the case of a readjudication or al-lowance pursuant to a higher-level review that was requested in accordance with sec-tion 5104B of this title; ‘‘(2) as may otherwise be provided by sec-tion 5108 of this title; or ‘‘(3) as may otherwise be provided in such regulations as are consistent with this title.’’; (D) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) The Board may dismiss any appeal which fails to identify the specific deter-mination with which the claimant dis-agrees.’’; (E) by striking subsection (e); and (F) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ no- tice of disagreement and’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7105 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘7105. Filing of appeal.’’. (r) M
ODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES AND RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR SIMULTANEOUSLY CONTESTED  C
LAIMS .—Subsection (b) of section 7105A of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) The substance of the notice of dis-agreement shall be communicated to the other party or parties in interest and a pe-riod of thirty days shall be allowed for filing a brief or argument in response thereto. ‘‘(2) Such notice shall be forwarded to the last known address of record of the parties concerned, and such action shall constitute sufficient evidence of notice.’’. (s) R
EPEAL OF PROCEDURES FOR ADMINIS -
TRATIVE APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking section 7106. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7106. (t) M
ODIFICATIONS RELATING TO APPEALS : D
OCKETS ; HEARINGS .—Section 7107 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7107. Appeals: dockets; hearings ‘‘(a) D
OCKETS .—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Board shall maintain at least two sepa-rate dockets. ‘‘(2) The Board may not maintain more than two separate dockets unless the Board notifies the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives of any additional docket, including a justification for maintaining such additional docket. ‘‘(3)(A) The Board may assign to each docket maintained under paragraph (1) such cases as the Board considers appropriate, ex-cept that cases described in clause (i) of sub-paragraph (B) may not be assigned to any docket to which cases described in clause (ii) of such paragraph are assigned. ‘‘(B) Cases described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(i) Cases in which no Board hearing is re-quested. ‘‘(ii) Cases in which a Board hearing is re-quested in the notice of disagreement. ‘‘(4) Except as provided in subsection (b), each case before the Board will be decided in regular order according to its respective place on the docket to which it is assigned by the Board. ‘‘(b) A
DVANCEMENT ON THE DOCKET .—(1) A case on one of the dockets of the Board maintained under subsection (a) may, for cause shown, be advanced on motion for ear-lier consideration and determination. ‘‘(2) Any such motion shall set forth suc-cinctly the grounds upon which the motion is based. ‘‘(3) Such a motion may be granted only— ‘‘(A) if the case involves interpretation of law of general application affecting other claims; ‘‘(B) if the appellant is seriously ill or is under severe financial hardship; or ‘‘(C) for other sufficient cause shown. ‘‘(c) M
ANNER AND SCHEDULING OF HEARINGS  
FORCASES ON A DOCKET THATMAYINCLUDE A  H
EARING .—(1) For cases on a docket main-tained by the Board under subsection (a) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4677 August 1, 2017 
that may include a hearing, in which a hear-ing is requested in the notice of disagree-ment, the Board shall notify the appellant whether a Board hearing will be held— ‘‘(A) at its principal location; or ‘‘(B) by picture and voice transmission at a facility of the Department where the Sec-retary has provided suitable facilities and equipment to conduct such hearings. ‘‘(2)(A) Upon notification of a Board hear-ing at the Board’s principal location as de-scribed in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1), the appellant may alternatively request a hearing as described in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. If so requested, the Board shall grant such request. ‘‘(B) Upon notification of a Board hearing by picture and voice transmission as de-scribed in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1), the appellant may alternatively request a hearing as described in subparagraph (A) of such paragraph. If so requested, the Board shall grant such request. ‘‘(d) S
CREENING OF CASES.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude the screening of cases for purposes of— ‘‘(1) determining the adequacy of the record for decisional purposes; or ‘‘(2) the development, or attempted devel-opment, of a record found to be inadequate for decisional purposes. ‘‘(e) P
OLICY ON CHANGING DOCKETS .—The Secretary shall develop and implement a pol-icy allowing an appellant to move the appel-lant’s case from one docket to another dock-et.’’. (u) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN AUTHORITY FOR  I
NDEPENDENT MEDICAL OPINIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7109 of such title is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5701(b)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or 7109’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7109. (v) C
LARIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR RE-
VIEW OF DECISIONS ON GROUNDS OF CLEAR AND  U
NMISTAKABLE ERROR .—Section 7111(e) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘, without referral to any adjudicative or hearing offi-cial acting on behalf of the Secretary’’. (w) E
VIDENTIARY RECORD BEFORE BOARD OF  V
ETERANS ’ APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7113. Evidentiary record before the Board of Veterans’ Appeals ‘‘(a) C
ASES WITHNOREQUEST FOR A HEAR-
ING OR ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE .—For cases in which a hearing before the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals is not requested in the notice of disagreement and no request was made to submit evidence, the evidentiary record be-fore the Board shall be limited to the evi-dence of record at the time of the decision of the agency of original jurisdiction on appeal. ‘‘(b) C
ASES WITH A REQUEST FOR A HEAR-
ING.—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), for cases in which a hearing is requested in the notice of disagreement, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence of record at the time of the de-cision of the agency of original jurisdiction on appeal. ‘‘(2) The evidentiary record before the Board for cases described in paragraph (1) shall include each of the following, which the Board shall consider in the first instance: ‘‘(A) Evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, at the Board hearing. ‘‘(B) Evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, within 90 days following the Board hearing. ‘‘(c) CASES WITHNOREQUEST FOR A HEAR-
ING AND WITH A REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL  E
VIDENCE .—(1) Except as provided in para-graph (2), for cases in which a hearing is not requested in the notice of disagreement but an opportunity to submit evidence is re-quested, the evidentiary record before the Board shall be limited to the evidence con-sidered by the agency of original jurisdiction in the decision on appeal. ‘‘(2) The evidentiary record before the Board for cases described in paragraph (1) shall include each of the following, which the Board shall consider in the first instance: ‘‘(A) Evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, with the notice of disagreement. ‘‘(B) Evidence submitted by the appellant and his or her representative, if any, within 90 days following receipt of the notice of dis-agreement.’’. (2) N
OTIFICATION WHEN EVIDENCE NOT CON -
SIDERED .—Section 7104(d) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) a general statement— ‘‘(A) reflecting whether evidence was not considered in making the decision because the evidence was received at a time when not permitted under section 7113 of this title; and ‘‘(B) noting such options as may be avail-able for having the evidence considered by the Department; and’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7112 the following new item: ‘‘7113. Evidentiary record before the Board of Veterans’ Appeals.’’. (x) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to all claims for which notice of a decision under section 5104 of title 38, United States Code, is provided by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs on or after the later of— (A) the date that is 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the appropriate committees of Congress— (i) a certification that the Secretary con-firms, without delegation, that the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs has the resources, personnel, office space, procedures, and in-formation technology required— (I) to carry out the new appeals system; (II) to timely address appeals under the new appeals system; and (III) to timely address appeals of decisions on legacy claims; and (ii) a summary of the expectations for per-formance outcomes that the Secretary used in making the certification under clause (i)(III) and a comparison of such expected performance outcomes with actual perform-ance outcomes with respect to appeals of leg-acy claims before the effective date of the new appeals system. (2) C
OLLABORATION .—In determining wheth-er and when to make a certification under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall collabo-rate with, partner with, and give weight to the advice of veterans service organizations and such other stakeholders as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) E
ARLY APPLICABILITY .—The Secretary may apply the new appeals system to a claim with respect to which the claimant— (A) receives a notice of a decision under section 5104 of such title after the date of the enactment of this Act and before the applica-bility date set forth in paragraph (1); and (B) elects to subject the claim to the new appeals system. (4) PHASED ROLLOUT .—The Secretary may begin implementation of the new appeals system in phases, with the first phase of such phased implementation beginning on the ap-plicability date set forth in paragraph (1). (5) T
REATMENT OF LEGACY CLAIMS .—With respect to legacy claims, upon the issuance to a claimant of a statement of the case or supplemental statement of the case occur-ring on or after the applicability date speci-fied in paragraph (1), a claimant may elect to participate in the new appeals system. (6) P
UBLICATION OF APPLICABILITY DATE .— Not later than the date on which the new ap-peals system goes into effect (or the first phase of the new appeals system goes into ef-fect under paragraph (4), as the case may be), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register such date. (7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and (ii) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (B) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘veterans service organization’’ means any organization recognized by the Sec-retary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. (y) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or any of the amendments made by this section shall be construed to limit the ability of a claimant to request a revi-sion of a decision under section 5109A or 7111 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. COMPREHENSIVE PLAN FOR PROCESSING OF LEGACY APPEALS AND IMPLE-MENTING NEW APPEALS SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress and the Comptroller General of the United States a comprehensive plan for— (1) the processing of appeals of decisions on legacy claims that the Secretary considers pending; (2) implementing the new appeals system; (3) timely processing, under the new ap-peals system, of— (A) supplemental claims under section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(i); (B) requests for higher-level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by sec-tion 2(g); and (C) appeals on any docket maintained under section 7107 of such title, as amended by section 2(t); and (4) monitoring the implementation of the new appeals system, including metrics and goals— (A) to track the progress of the implemen-tation; (B) to evaluate the efficiency and effective-ness of the implementation; and (C) to identify potential issues relating to the implementation. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) Delineation of the total resource re-quirements of the Veterans Benefits Admin-istration and the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4678 August 1, 2017 
disaggregated by resources required to im-plement and administer the new appeals sys-tem and resources required to address the appeals of decisions on legacy claims. (2) Delineation of the personnel require-ments of the Administration and the Board, including staffing levels during the— (A) period in which the Administration and the Board are concurrently processing— (i) appeals of decisions on legacy claims; and (ii) appeals of decisions on non-legacy claims under the new appeals system; and (B) the period during which the Adminis-tration and the Board are no longer proc-essing any appeals of decisions on legacy claims. (3) Identification of the legal authorities under which the Administration or the Board may— (A) hire additional employees to conduct the concurrent processing described in para-graph (2)(A); and (B) remove employees who are no longer required by the Administration or the Board once the Administration and the Board are no longer processing any appeals of decisions on legacy claims. (4) An estimate of the amount of time the Administration and the Board will require to hire additional employees as described in paragraph (3)(A) once funding has been made available for such purpose, including a com-parison of such estimate and the historical average time required by the Administration and the Board to hire additional employees. (5) A description of the amount of training and experience that will be required of indi-viduals conducting higher-level reviews under section 5104B of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 2(g). (6) An estimate of the percentage of high-er-level adjudicators who will be employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs who were Decision Review Officers on the day be-fore the new appeals system takes effect or had experience, as of such date, comparable to that of one who was a Decision Review Of-ficer. (7) A description of the functions that will be performed after the date on which the new appeals system takes effect by Decision Re-view Officers who were Decision Review Offi-cers on the day before the date the new ap-peals system takes effect. (8) Identification of and a timeline for— (A) any training that may be required as a result of hiring new employees to carry out the new appeals system or to process appeals of decisions on legacy claims; and (B) any retraining of existing employees that may be required to carry out such sys-tem or to process such claims. (9) Identification of the costs to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs of the training identified under paragraph (8) and any addi-tional training staff and any additional training facilities that will be required to provide such training. (10) A description of the modifications to the information technology systems of the Administration and the Board that the Ad-ministration and the Board require to carry out the new appeals system, including cost estimates and a timeline for making the modifications. (11) An estimate of the office space the Ad-ministration and the Board will require dur-ing each of the periods described in para-graph (2), including— (A) an estimate of the amount of time the Administration and the Board will require to acquire any additional office space to carry out processing of appeals of decisions on leg-acy claims and processing of appeals under the new appeals system; (B) a comparison of the estimate under subparagraph (A) and the historical average time required by the Administration and the Board to acquire new office space; and (C) a plan for using telework to accommo-date staff exceeding available office space, including how the Administration and the Board will provide training and oversight with respect to such teleworking. (12) Projections for the productivity of in-dividual employees at the Administration and the Board in carrying out tasks relating to the processing of appeals of decisions on legacy claims and appeals under the new ap-peals system, taking into account the experi-ence level of new employees and the en-hanced notice requirements under section 5104(b) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(e). (13) An outline of the outreach the Sec-retary expects to conduct to inform vet-erans, families of veterans, survivors of vet-erans, veterans service organizations, mili-tary service organizations, congressional caseworkers, advocates for veterans, and such other stakeholders as the Secretary considers appropriate about the new appeals system, including— (A) a description of the resources required to conduct such outreach; and (B) timelines for conducting such outreach. (14) Timelines for updating any policy guidance, Internet websites, and official forms that may be necessary to carry out the new appeals system, including— (A) identification of which offices and enti-ties will be involved in efforts relating to such updating; and (B) historical information about how long similar update efforts have taken. (15) A timeline, including interim mile-stones, for promulgating such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the new ap-peals system and a comparison with histor-ical averages for time required to promul-gate regulations of similar complexity and scope. (16) An outline of the circumstances under which claimants with pending appeals of de-cisions on legacy claims would be authorized to have their appeals reviewed under the new appeals system. (17) A delineation of the key goals and milestones for reducing the number of pend-ing appeals that are not processed under the new appeals system, including the expected number of appeals, remands, and hearing re-quests at the Administration and the Board each year, beginning with the one year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, until there are no longer any ap-peals pending before the Administration or the Board for a decision on a legacy claim. (18) A description of each risk factor asso-ciated with each element of the plan and a contingency plan to minimize each such risk. (c) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the Comptroller General of the United States receives the plan required by sub-section (a), the Comptroller General shall— (A) assess such plan; and (B) notify the appropriate committees of Congress of the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the assessment con-ducted under subparagraph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted under paragraph (1)(A) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of whether the plan comports with sound planning practices. (B) Identification of any gaps in the plan. (C) Formulation of such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appro-priate. (d) P
ERIODIC PROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the plan under sub-section (a), not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter until the applica-bility date set forth in section 2(x)(1), and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter for the seven-year period fol-lowing such applicability date, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the Comptroller General a report on the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the plan and what steps, if any, the Secretary has taken to address any rec-ommendations formulated by the Comp-troller General pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(C). (e) PUBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make available to the public on an Internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs— (1) the plan required by subsection (a); and (2) the periodic progress reports required by subsection (d). (f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 4. PROGRAMS TO TEST ASSUMPTIONS RE-LIED ON IN DEVELOPMENT OF COM-PREHENSIVE PLAN FOR PROC-ESSING OF LEGACY APPEALS AND SUPPORTING NEW APPEALS SYS-TEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out such programs as the Secretary considers appropriate to test any assumptions relied upon in developing the comprehensive plan required by section 3(a) and to test the feasibility and advisability of any facet of the new appeals system. (2) R
EPORTING REQUIRED .—Whenever the Secretary determines, based on the conduct of a program under paragraph (1), that legis-lative changes to the new appeals system are necessary, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives notice of such determination. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  P
ROGRAM ON FULLY DEVELOPED APPEALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may, under subsection (a)(1), carry out a program to provide the option of an al-ternative appeals process that shall more quickly determine such appeals in accord-ance with this subsection. (2) E
LECTION .— (A) F
ILING .—In accordance with subpara-graph (B), a claimant may elect to file a fully developed appeal under the program by filing with the Secretary all of the following: (i) The notice of disagreement under chap-ter 71 of title 38, United States Code, along with the written election of the claimant to have the appeal determined under the pro-gram. (ii) All evidence that the claimant believes is needed for the appeal as of the date of the filing. (iii) A statement of the argument in sup-port of the claim, if any. (B) T
IMING .—A claimant shall make an election under subparagraph (A) as part of the notice of disagreement filed by the claimant in accordance with subparagraph (A)(i). (C) T
RIAGE .—The Secretary shall, upon ex-piration of the period specified in paragraph (3)(C)(iii), ensure that an assessment is un-dertaken of whether an appeal filed under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph satisfies the requirements for appeal under the pro-gram and provide appropriate notification to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4679 August 1, 2017 
the claimant of the results of that assess-ment. (D) R
EVERSION .— (i) E
LECTED REVERSION .—At any time, a claimant who makes an election under sub-paragraph (A) may elect to revert to the standard appeals process. Such a reversion shall be final. (ii) A
UTOMATIC REVERSION .—A claimant de-scribed in clause (i), or a claimant who makes an election under subparagraph (A) but is later determined to be ineligible for the program under paragraph (1), shall revert to the standard appeals process without any penalty to the claimant other than the loss of the docket number associated with the fully developed appeal. (E) O
UTREACH .—In providing claimants with notices of the determination of a claim during the period in which the program under paragraph (1) is carried out, the Sec-retary shall conduct outreach as follows: (i) The Secretary shall provide to the claimant (and to the representative of record of the claimant, if any) information regard-ing— (I) the program, including the advantages and disadvantages of the program; (II) how to make an election under sub-paragraph (A); (III) the limitation on the use of new evi-dence described in subparagraph (C) of para-graph (3) and the development of information under subparagraph (D) of such paragraph; (IV) the ability of the claimant to seek ad-vice and education regarding such process from veterans service organizations, attor-neys, and claims agents recognized under chapter 59 of title 38, United States Code; and (V) the circumstances under which the ap-peal will automatically revert to the stand-ard appeals process, including by making a request for a hearing. (ii) The Secretary shall collaborate, part-ner with, and give weight to the advice of the three veterans service organizations with the most members and such other stake-holders as the Secretary considers appro-priate to publish on the Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs an on-line tutorial explaining the advantages and disadvantages of the program. (3) T
REATMENT BY DEPARTMENT AND  
BOARD .— (A) P
ROCESS .—Upon the election of a claimant to file a fully developed appeal pur-suant to paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary shall— (i) not provide the claimant with a state-ment of the case nor require the claimant to file a substantive appeal; and (ii) transfer jurisdiction over the fully de-veloped appeal directly to the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals. (B) D
OCKET .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Board of Veterans’ Appeals shall— (I) maintain fully developed appeals on a separate docket than standard appeals; (II) decide fully developed appeals in the order that the fully developed appeals are re-ceived on the fully developed appeal docket; (III) except as provided by clause (ii), de-cide not more than one fully developed ap-peal for each four standard appeals decided; and (IV) to the extent practicable, decide each fully developed appeal by the date that is one year following the date on which the claimant files the notice of disagreement. (ii) A
DJUSTMENT .—Beginning one year after the date on which the program commences, the Board may adjust the number of stand-ard appeals decided for each fully developed appeal under clause (i)(III) if the Board de-termines that such adjustment is fair for both standard appeals and fully developed appeals. (C) LIMITATION ON USE OF NEW EVIDENCE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by clauses (ii) and (iii)— (I) a claimant may not submit or identify to the Board of Veterans’ Appeals any new evidence relating to a fully developed appeal after filing such appeal unless the claimant reverts to the standard appeals process pur-suant to paragraph (2)(D); and (II) if a claimant submits or identifies any such new evidence, such submission or iden-tification shall be deemed to be an election to make such a reversion pursuant to para-graph (2)(D). (ii) E
VIDENCE GATHERED BY BOARD .—Clause (i) shall not apply to evidence developed pur-suant to subparagraphs (D) and (E). The Board shall consider such evidence in the first instance without consideration by the Veterans Benefits Administration. (iii) R
EPRESENTATIVE OF RECORD .—The rep- resentative of record of a claimant for ap-peals purposes, if any, shall be provided an opportunity to review the fully developed ap-peal of the claimant and submit any addi-tional arguments or evidence that the rep-resentative determines necessary during a period specified by the Board for purposes of this subparagraph. (D) P
ROHIBITION ON REMAND FOR ADDITIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT .—If the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals determines that a fully developed ap-peal requires Federal records, independent medical opinions, or new medical examina-tions, the Board shall— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (E), take such actions as may be necessary to de-velop such records, opinions, or examina-tions in accordance with section 5103A of title 38, United States Code; (ii) retain jurisdiction of the fully devel-oped appeal without requiring a determina-tion by the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion based on such records, opinions, or ex-aminations; (iii) ensure the claimant, and the rep-resentative of record of a claimant, if any, receives a copy of such records, opinions, or examinations; and (iv) provide the claimant a period of 90 days after the date of mailing such records, opinions, or examinations during which the claimant may provide the Board any addi-tional evidence without requiring the claim-ant to make a reversion pursuant to para-graph (2)(D). (E) D
EVELOPMENT UNIT .— (i) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals shall establish an office to de-velop Federal records, independent medical opinions, and new medical examinations pur-suant to subparagraph (D)(i) that the Board determines necessary to decide a fully devel-oped appeal. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall— (I) ensure that the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration cooperates with the Board of Veterans’ Appeals in carrying out clause (i); and (II) transfer employees of the Veterans Benefits Administration who, prior to the enactment of this Act, were responsible for processing claims remanded by the Board of Veterans’ Appeals to positions within the of-fice of the Board established under clause (i) in a number the Secretary determines suffi-cient to carry out such subparagraph. (F) H
EARINGS .—Notwithstanding section 7107 of title 38, United States Code, the Sec-retary may not provide hearings with re-spect to fully developed appeals under the program. If a claimant requests to hold a hearing pursuant to such section 7107, such request shall be deemed to be an election to revert to the standard appeals process pursu-ant to paragraph (2)(D). (4) DURATION ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) D
URATION .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary may carry out the program during such period as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (B) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply only to fully developed appeals that are filed during the period in which the pro-gram is carried out pursuant to subpara-graph (A). (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OMPENSATION .—The term ‘‘compensa-tion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (B) F
ULLY DEVELOPED APPEAL .—The term ‘‘fully developed appeal’’ means an appeal of a claim for disability compensation that is— (i) filed by a claimant in accordance with paragraph (2)(A); and (ii) considered in accordance with this sub-section. (C) S
TANDARD APPEAL .—The term ‘‘stand-ard appeal’’ means an appeal of a claim for disability compensation that is not a fully developed appeal. (c) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary of Veterans Affairs may not carry out a program under this section after the appli-cability date set forth in section 2(x)(1). 
SEC. 5. PERIODIC PUBLICATION OF METRICS RE-LATING TO PROCESSING OF AP-PEALS BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall pe-riodically publish on an Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs the fol-lowing: (1) With respect to the processing by the Secretary of appeals under the new appeals system of decisions regarding claims for ben-efits under laws administered by the Sec-retary, the following: (A) For the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion and, to the extent practicable, each re-gional office of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the number of— (i) supplemental claims under section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(i), that are pending; and (ii) requests for higher-level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by sec-tion 2(g), that are pending. (B) The number of appeals on any docket maintained under section 7107 of such title, as amended by section 2(t), that are pending. (C) The average duration for processing claims and supplemental claims, disaggregated by regional office. (D) The average duration for processing re-quests for higher-level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by section 2(g), disaggregated by regional office. (E) The average number of days that ap-peals are pending on a docket of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals maintained pursuant to section 7107 of such title, as amended by sec-tion 2(t), disaggregated by— (i) appeals that include a request for a hearing; (ii) appeals that do not include a request for a hearing and do include submittal of evi-dence; and (iii) appeals that do not include a request for a hearing and do not include submittal of evidence. (F) With respect to the policy developed and implemented under section 7107(e) of such title, as amended by section 2(t)— (i) the number of cases moved from one docket to another pursuant to such policy; (ii) the average time cases were pending prior to moving from one docket to another; and (iii) the average time to adjudicate the cases after so moving. (G) The total number of remands to obtain advisory medical opinions under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4680 August 1, 2017 
5109(d) of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 2(j). (H) The average number of days between the date on which the Board remands a claim to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109(d) of such title, as so added, and the date on which the advisory medical opin-ion is obtained. (I) The average number of days between the date on which the Board remands a claim to obtain an advisory medical opinion under section 5109(d) of such title, as so added, and the date on which the agency of original ju-risdiction issues a decision taking that advi-sory opinion into account. (J) The number of appeals that are grant-ed, the number of appeals that are remanded, and the number of appeals that are denied by the Board disaggregated by docket. (K) The number of claimants each year that take action within the period set forth in section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as added by section 2(l), to protect their effective date under such section 5110(a)(2), disaggregated by the status of the claimants taking the ac-tions, such as whether the claimant is rep-resented by a veterans service organization, the claimant is represented by an attorney, or the claimant is taking such action pro se. (L) The total number of times on average each claimant files under section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as so added, to protect their effec-tive date under such section, disaggregated by the subparagraph of such section under which they file. (M) The average duration, from the filing of an initial claim until the claim is resolved and claimants no longer take any action to protect their effective date under section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as so added— (i) of claims under the new appeals system, excluding legacy claims that opt in to the new appeals system; and (ii) of legacy claims that opt in to the new appeals system. (N) How frequently an action taken within one year to protect an effective date under section 5110(a)(2) of such title, as so added, leads to additional grant of benefits, disaggregated by action taken. (O) The average of how long it takes to complete each segment of the claims process while claimants are protecting the effective date under such section, disaggregated by the time waiting for the claimant to take an action and the time waiting for the Sec-retary to take an action. (P) The number and the average amount of retroactive awards of benefits from the Sec-retary as a result of protected effective dates under such section, disaggregated by action taken. (Q) The average number of times claimants submit to the Secretary different claims with respect to the same condition, such as an initial claim and a supplemental claim. (R) The number of cases each year in which a claimant inappropriately tried to take si-multaneous actions, such as filing a supple-mental claim while a higher-level review is pending, what actions the Secretary took in response, and how long it took on average to take those actions. (S) In the case that the Secretary develops and implements a policy under section 5104C(a)(2)(D) of such title, as amended by section 2(h)(1), the number of actions with-drawn and new actions taken pursuant to such policy. (T) The number of times the Secretary re-ceived evidence relating to an appeal or higher-level review at a time not authorized under the new appeals system, disaggregated by actions taken by the Secretary to deal with the evidence and how long on average it took to take those actions. (U) The number of errors committed by the Secretary in carrying out the Secretary’s duty to assist under section 5103A of title 38, United States Code, that were identified by higher-level review and by the Board, disaggregated by type of error, such as errors relating to private records and inadequate examinations, and a comparison with errors committed by the Secretary in carrying out such duty with respect to appeals of deci-sions on legacy claims. (V) An assessment of the productivity of employees at the regional offices and at the Board, disaggregated by level of experience of the employees. (W) The percentage of cases that are de-cided within the goals established by the Secretary for deciding cases, disaggregated by cases that involve a supplemental claim, cases that involve higher-level review, and by docket maintained under section 7107(a) of such title, as amended by section 2(t), or in the case that the Secretary has not estab-lished goals for deciding cases, the percent-age of cases which are decided within one year, two years, three years, and more than three years, disaggregated by docket. (X) Of the cases that involve higher-level review, the percentage of decisions that are overturned in whole or in part by the higher- level adjudicator, that are upheld by the higher-level adjudicator, and that are re-turned for correction of an error. (Y) The frequency by which the Secretary readjudicates a claim pursuant to section 5108 of such title, as amended by section 2(i), and the frequency by which readjudication pursuant to section 5108 of such title, as so amended, results in an award of benefits. (Z) In any case in which the Board decides to screen cases for a purpose described in section 7107(d) of such title, as amended by section 2(t)(1)— (i) a description of the way in which the cases are screened and the purposes for which they are screened; (ii) a description of the effect such screen-ing has had on— (I) the timeliness of the issuance of deci-sions of the Board; and (II) the inventory of cases before the Board; and (iii) the type and frequency of development errors detected through such screening. (2) With respect to the processing by the Secretary of appeals of decisions on legacy claims, the following: (A) The average duration of each segment of the appeals process, disaggregated by peri-ods in which the Secretary is waiting for a claimant to take an action and periods in which the claimant is waiting for the Sec-retary to take an action. (B) The frequency by which appeals lead to additional grant of benefits by the Sec-retary, disaggregated by whether the addi-tional benefits are a result of additional evi-dence added after the initial decision. (C) The number and average amount of ret-roactive awards of benefits resulting from an appeal. (D) The average duration from filing a leg-acy claim with the Secretary until all ap-peals and remands relating to such legacy claim are completed. (E) The average number of times claimants submit to the Secretary different claims with respect to the same condition, such as an initial claim, new and material evidence, or a claim for an increase in benefits. (F) An assessment of the productivity of employees at the regional offices and at the Board, disaggregated by level of experience of the employees. (G) The average number of days the dura-tion of an appeal is extended because the Secretary secured or attempted to secure an advisory medical opinion under section 5109 of title 38, United States Code, or section 7109 of such title (as in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act). (H) The frequency by which claims are re-opened pursuant to section 5108 of such title and the frequency by which such reopening results in an award of benefits. (3) With respect to the processing by the Secretary of appeals of decisions on legacy claims that opt in to the new appeals sys-tem, the following: (A) The cumulative number of such legacy claims. (B) The portion of work in the new appeals system attributable to appeals of decisions on such legacy claims. (C) The average period such legacy claims were pending before opting in to the new ap-peals system and the average period required to adjudicate such legacy claims on average after opting in— (i) with respect to claims at a regional of-fice of the Department of Veterans Affairs, disaggregated by— (I) supplemental claims under section 5108 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2(i); and (II) requests for higher-level review under section 5104B of such title, as added by sec-tion 2(g); and (ii) with respect to appeals, disaggregated by docket of the Board maintained under section 7107 of such title, as amended by sec-tion 2(t). 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
LAIMANT .—The term ‘‘claimant’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5100 of title 38, United States Code. (2) L
EGACY CLAIMS .—The term ‘‘legacy claim’’ means a claim— (A) that was submitted to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for a benefit under a law ad-ministered by the Secretary; and (B) for which notice of a decision under section 5104 of title 38, United States Code, was provided by the Secretary before the date set forth in section 2(x). (3) O
PT IN .—The term ‘‘opt in’’ means, with respect to a legacy claim of a claimant, that the claimant elects to subject the claim to the new appeals system pursuant to— (A) section 2(x)(3); or (B) such other mechanism as the Secretary may prescribe for purposes of carrying out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (4) N
EW APPEALS SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘new appeals system’’ means the set of processes and mechanisms by which the Secretary processes, pursuant to the authorities and requirements modified by section 2, claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary. 
SA 746. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. J OHN-
SON) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 582, to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
On page 3, strike lines 10 through 23 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(ii) An Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if the Inspector General determines that the material contains infor-mation derived from, or pertaining to, intel-ligence activities. ‘‘(iii) The Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I)(aa) disclosing the material could rea-sonably be expected to interfere with a criminal investigation or prosecution that is ongoing as of the date on which the Special Counsel submits a request for the material; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.040 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4681 August 1, 2017 
‘‘(bb) the material— ‘‘(AA) may not be disclosed pursuant to a court order; or ‘‘(BB) has been filed under seal under sec-tion 3730 of title 31; and ‘‘(II) the Attorney General or the Inspector General, as applicable, submits to the Spe-cial Counsel a written report that de-scribes— ‘‘(aa) the material being withheld; and ‘‘(bb) the reason that the material is being withheld. On page 33, after line 8, add the following: 
SEC. 14. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Section 1214(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum.’’ (S. 1083, 115th Congress, 1st Session), is amended by striking ‘‘who was appointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet, during the session of the Senate, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomination Hearing’’ on Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Affordable Housing Crisis: Challenges and Solutions.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, August 1, 2017 at 11 a.m., to hold a hearing en-titled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEANS , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The Committee will hold Subcommittee Hearing on ‘‘Reauthorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act: NOAA and Council Perspectives.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
The Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight of the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 1, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate office building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund Pro-gram.’’ f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we have some work to do this evening. 
f 
POWER AND SECURITY SYSTEMS (PASS) ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 95, S. 190. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 190) to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No- Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or sur-veillance systems, and for other purposes. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 190) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 190 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF NONAPPLICATION OF NO- LOAD MODE ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARD TO CERTAIN SECURITY OR LIFE SAFETY ALARM OR SUR-VEILLANCE SYSTEMS. 
(a) Section 325(u)(3)(D)(ii) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(u)(3)(D)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) Section 325(u)(3)(E) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(u)(3)(E)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘July 1, 2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘the effective date of the amendment under subparagraph (D)(ii)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) T
REATMENT IN RULE .—In the rule under subparagraph (D)(ii) and subsequent amendments the Secretary may treat some or all external power supplies designed to be connected to a security or life safety alarm or surveillance system as a separate product class or may extend the nonapplication under clause (ii).’’. f 
ELDER ABUSE PREVENTION AND PROSECUTION ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 23, S. 178. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 178) to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice sys-tem’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grassley amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 742) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 12, line 3, strike ‘‘individual’’ and insert ‘‘individually’’. Beginning on page 23, strike line 15 and all that follows through page 24, line 15 and in-sert the following: (1) Federal Government efforts to mon-itor— (A) the exploitation of older adults of the United States in global drug trafficking schemes and other international criminal enterprises; (B) the extent to which exploitation of older adults of the United States by inter-national criminal enterprises has resulted in the incarceration of these citizens of the United States in foreign countries; and (C) the total annual number of elder abuse cases pending in the United States; and (2) the results of intervention by the United States with foreign officials on behalf of citizens of the United States who are elder abuse victims in international criminal en-terprises. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 178), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 178 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecu-tion Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—SUPPORTING FEDERAL CASES INVOLVING ELDER JUSTICE Sec. 101. Supporting Federal cases involving elder justice. TITLE II—IMPROVED DATA COLLECTION AND FEDERAL COORDINATION Sec. 201. Establishment of best practices for local, State, and Federal data collection. Sec. 202. Effective interagency coordination and Federal data collection. TITLE III—ENHANCED VICTIM ASSIST-ANCE TO ELDER ABUSE SURVIVORS Sec. 301. Sense of the Senate. Sec. 302. Report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.041 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4682 August 1, 2017 
TITLE IV—ROBERT MATAVA ELDER ABUSE PROSECUTION ACT OF 2017 Sec. 401. Short title. Sec. 402. Enhanced penalty for tele-marketing and email mar-keting fraud directed at elders. Sec. 403. Training and technical assistance for States. Sec. 404. Interstate initiatives. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 501. Court-appointed guardianship over-sight activities under the Elder Justice Act of 2009. Sec. 502. GAO reports. Sec. 503. Outreach to State and local law en-forcement agencies. Sec. 504. Model power of attorney legisla-tion. Sec. 505. Best practices and model legisla-tion for guardianship pro-ceedings. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the terms ‘‘abuse’’, ‘‘adult protective services’’, ‘‘elder’’, ‘‘elder justice’’, ‘‘exploi-tation’’, ‘‘law enforcement’’, and ‘‘neglect’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 2011 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397j); (2) the term ‘‘elder abuse’’ includes abuse, neglect, and exploitation of an elder; and (3) the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any other territory or pos-session of the United States. TITLE I—SUPPORTING FEDERAL CASES INVOLVING ELDER JUSTICE 
SEC. 101. SUPPORTING FEDERAL CASES INVOLV-ING ELDER JUSTICE. 
(a) S UPPORT AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) E
LDER JUSTICE COORDINATORS .—The At- torney General shall designate in each Fed-eral judicial district not less than one As-sistant United States Attorney to serve as the Elder Justice Coordinator for the dis-trict, who, in addition to any other respon-sibilities, shall be responsible for— (A) serving as the legal counsel for the Federal judicial district on matters relating to elder abuse; (B) prosecuting, or assisting in the pros-ecution of, elder abuse cases; (C) conducting public outreach and aware-ness activities relating to elder abuse; and (D) ensuring the collection of data required to be collected under section 202. (2) I
NVESTIGATIVE SUPPORT .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall, with respect to crimes relating to elder abuse, ensure the implementation of a reg-ular and comprehensive training program to train agents of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes and the enforcement of laws related to elder abuse, which shall include— (A) specialized strategies for commu-nicating with and assisting elder abuse vic-tims; and (B) relevant forensic training relating to elder abuse. (3) R
ESOURCE GROUP .—The Attorney Gen-eral, through the Executive Office for United States Attorneys, shall ensure the operation of a resource group to facilitate the sharing of knowledge, experience, sample pleadings and other case documents, training mate-rials, and any other resources to assist pros-ecutors throughout the United States in pur-suing cases relating to elder abuse. (4) D
ESIGNATED ELDER JUSTICE WORKING  
GROUP OR SUBCOMMITTEE TO THE ATTORNEY  
GENERAL ’S ADVISORY COMMITTEE OF UNITED  
STATES ATTORNEYS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys, shall establish a sub-committee or working group to the Attorney General’s Advisory Committee of United States Attorneys, as established under sec-tion 0.10 of title 28, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto, for the pur-poses of advising the Attorney General on policies of the Department of Justice relat-ing to elder abuse. (b) DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ELDER JUSTICE  C
OORDINATOR .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall designate an Elder Justice Coordinator within the Department of Jus-tice who, in addition to any other respon-sibilities, shall be responsible for— (1) coordinating and supporting the law en-forcement efforts and policy activities for the Department of Justice on elder justice issues; (2) evaluating training models to deter-mine best practices and creating or com-piling and making publicly available replica-tion guides and training materials for law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judges, emergency responders, individuals working in victim services, adult protective services, social services, and public safety, medical personnel, mental health personnel, finan-cial services personnel, and any other indi-viduals whose work may bring them in con-tact with elder abuse regarding how to— (A) conduct investigations in elder abuse cases; (B) address evidentiary issues and other legal issues; and (C) appropriately assess, respond to, and interact with victims and witnesses in elder abuse cases, including in administrative, civil, and criminal judicial proceedings; and (3) carrying out such other duties as the Attorney General determines necessary in connection with enhancing the under-standing, prevention, and detection of, and response to, elder abuse. (c) F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— (1) F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ELDER JUS -
TICE COORDINATOR .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission shall designate within the Bureau of Con-sumer Protection of the Federal Trade Com-mission an Elder Justice Coordinator who, in addition to any other responsibilities, shall be responsible for— (A) coordinating and supporting the en-forcement and consumer education efforts and policy activities of the Federal Trade Commission on elder justice issues; and (B) serving as, or ensuring the availability of, a central point of contact for individuals, units of local government, States, and other Federal agencies on matters relating to the enforcement and consumer education efforts and policy activities of the Federal Trade Commission on elder justice issues. (2) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and once every year thereafter, the Chair-man of the Federal Trade Commission and the Attorney General shall each submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report detail-ing the enforcement actions taken by the Federal Trade Commission and the Depart-ment of Justice, respectively, over the pre-ceding year in each case in which not less than one victim was an elder or that in-volved a financial scheme or scam that was either targeted directly toward or largely af-fected elders, including— (A) the name of the district where the case originated; (B) the style of the case, including the case name and number; (C) a description of the scheme or scam; and (D) the outcome of the case. (d) USE OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .—No addi- tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this section. TITLE II—IMPROVED DATA COLLECTION AND FEDERAL COORDINATION 
SEC. 201. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR LOCAL, STATE, AND FEDERAL DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) establish best practices for data collec-tion to focus on elder abuse; and (2) provide technical assistance to State, local, and tribal governments in adopting the best practices established under para-graph (1). (b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall publish the best practices established under subsection (a)(1) on the website of the Department of Justice in a publicly accessible manner. (c) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require or obligate compliance with the best practices estab-lished under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 202. EFFECTIVE INTERAGENCY COORDINA-TION AND FEDERAL DATA COLLEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, on an annual basis— (1) collect from Federal law enforcement agencies, other agencies as appropriate, and Federal prosecutors’ offices statistical data related to elder abuse cases, including cases or investigations where one or more victims were elders, or the case or investigation in-volved a financial scheme or scam that was either targeted directly toward or largely af-fected elders; and (2) publish on the website of the Depart-ment of Justice in a publicly accessible man-ner— (A) a summary of the data collected under paragraph (1); and (B) recommendations for collecting addi-tional data relating to elder abuse, including recommendations for ways to improve data reporting across Federal, State, and local agencies. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The data collected under subsection (a)(1) shall include— (1) the total number of investigations initi-ated by Federal law enforcement agencies, other agencies as appropriate, and Federal prosecutors’ offices related to elder abuse; (2) the total number and types of elder abuse cases filed in Federal courts; and (3) for each case described in paragraph (2)— (A) the name of the district where the case originated; (B) the style of the case, including the case name and number; (C) a description of the act or acts giving rise to the elder abuse; (D) in the case of a scheme or scam, a de-scription of such scheme or scam giving rise to the elder abuse; (E) information about each alleged perpe-trator of the elder abuse; and (F) the outcome of the case. (c) HHS R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, on an an-nual basis, provide to the Attorney General statistical data collected by the Secretary relating to elder abuse cases investigated by adult protective services, which shall be in-cluded in the summary published under sub-section (a)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.050 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4683 August 1, 2017 
(d) P ROHIBITION ON INDIVIDUAL DATA.—None of the information reported under this sec-tion shall include specific individually iden-tifiable data. TITLE III—ENHANCED VICTIM ASSIST-ANCE TO ELDER ABUSE SURVIVORS 
SEC. 301. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: (1) The vast majority of cases of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation of older adults in the United States go unidentified and unre-ported. (2) Not less than $2,900,000,000 is taken from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation. (3) Elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation have no boundaries and cross all racial, so-cial, class, gender, and geographic lines. (4) Older adults who are abused are 3 times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused. (5) Up to half of all older adults with de-mentia will experience abuse. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) elder abuse involves the exploitation of potentially vulnerable individuals with dev-astating physical, mental, emotional, and fi-nancial consequences to the victims and their loved ones; (2) to combat this affront to America’s older adults, we must do everything possible to both support victims of elder abuse and prevent the abuse from occurring in the first place; and (3) the Senate supports a multipronged ap-proach to prevent elder abuse and exploi-tation, protect the victims of elder abuse and exploitation from further harm, and bring the perpetrators of such crimes to justice. 
SEC. 302. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the collection of sta-tistical data under section 202(a)(1) begins and once each year thereafter, the Director of the Office for Victims of Crime shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that addresses, to the extent data are avail-able, the nature, extent, and amount of fund-ing under the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601 et seq.) for victims of crime who are elders. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of victims’ assistance, vic-tims’ compensation, and discretionary grants under which elder abuse victims (in-cluding elder victims of financial abuse, fi-nancial exploitation, and fraud) received as-sistance; and (2) recommendations for improving serv-ices for victims of elder abuse. TITLE IV—ROBERT MATAVA ELDER ABUSE PROSECUTION ACT OF 2017 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Robert Matava Elder Abuse Prosecution Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 402. ENHANCED PENALTY FOR TELE-MARKETING AND EMAIL MARKETING FRAUD DIRECTED AT ELDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 113A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the chapter heading, by inserting ‘‘AND EMAIL MARKETING’’ after ‘‘TELE- MARKETING’’; (2) by striking section 2325 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 2325. Definition ‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘telemarketing or email marketing’— ‘‘(1) means a plan, program, promotion, or campaign that is conducted to induce— ‘‘(A) purchases of goods or services; ‘‘(B) participation in a contest or sweep-stakes; ‘‘(C) a charitable contribution, donation, or gift of money or any other thing of value; ‘‘(D) investment for financial profit; ‘‘(E) participation in a business oppor-tunity; ‘‘(F) commitment to a loan; or ‘‘(G) participation in a fraudulent medical study, research study, or pilot study, by use of one or more interstate telephone calls, emails, text messages, or electronic in-stant messages initiated either by a person who is conducting the plan, program, pro-motion, or campaign or by a prospective pur-chaser or contest or sweepstakes participant or charitable contributor, donor, or investor; and ‘‘(2) does not include the solicitation through the posting, publication, or mailing of a catalog or brochure that— ‘‘(A) contains a written description or il-lustration of the goods, services, or other op-portunities being offered; ‘‘(B) includes the business address of the solicitor; ‘‘(C) includes multiple pages of written ma-terial or illustration; and ‘‘(D) has been issued not less frequently than once a year, if the person making the solicitation does not solicit customers by telephone, email, text message, or electronic instant message, but only receives interstate telephone calls, emails, text messages, or electronic instant messages initiated by customers in response to the written materials, whether in hard copy or digital format, and in response to those interstate telephone calls, emails, text messages, or electronic instant messages does not conduct further solicitation.’’; (3) in section 2326, in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or 1344’’ and inserting ‘‘1344, or 1347 or section 1128B of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or email marketing’’ after ‘‘telemarketing’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2328. Mandatory forfeiture ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The court, in imposing sentence on a person who is convicted of any offense for which an enhanced penalty is pro-vided under section 2326, shall order that the defendant forfeit to the United States— ‘‘(1) any property, real or personal, consti-tuting or traceable to gross proceeds ob-tained from such offense; and ‘‘(2) any equipment, software, or other technology used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of such offense. ‘‘(b) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in section 413 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 853), other than sub-section (d) of that section, and in Rule 32.2 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, shall apply to all stages of a criminal for-feiture proceeding under this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) The table of chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to chapter 113A and inserting the following: ‘‘113A. Telemarketing and email marketing fraud .......................... 2325’’. (2) The table of sections for chapter 113A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2327 the following: ‘‘2328. Mandatory forfeiture.’’. 
SEC. 403. TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR STATES. 
The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and in coordination with the Elder Justice Coordinating Council (established under section 2021 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397k)), shall create, compile, evaluate, and disseminate materials and in-formation, and provide the necessary train-ing and technical assistance, to assist States and units of local government in— (1) investigating, prosecuting, pursuing, preventing, understanding, and mitigating the impact of— (A) physical, sexual, and psychological abuse of elders; (B) exploitation of elders, including finan-cial abuse and scams targeting elders; and (C) neglect of elders; and (2) assessing, addressing, and mitigating the physical and psychological trauma to victims of elder abuse. SEC. 404. INTERSTATE INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NTERSTATE AGREEMENTS AND COM-
PACTS .—The consent of Congress is given to any two or more States (acting through State agencies with jurisdiction over adult protective services) to enter into agreements or compacts for cooperative effort and mu-tual assistance— (1) in promoting the safety and well-being of elders; and (2) in enforcing their respective laws and policies to promote such safety and well- being. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS ON INTERSTATE COM-
MUNICATION .—The Executive Director of the State Justice Institute, in consultation with State or local adult protective services, aging, social, and human services and law enforcement agencies, nationally recognized nonprofit associations with expertise in data sharing among criminal justice agencies and familiarity with the issues raised in elder abuse cases, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress legislative proposals relating to the facilita-tion of interstate agreements and compacts. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 501. COURT-APPOINTED GUARDIANSHIP OVERSIGHT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE ELDER JUSTICE ACT OF 2009. 
Section 2042(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397m–1(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(and, in the case of demonstration programs de-scribed in paragraph (2)(E), to the highest courts of States)’’ after ‘‘States’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(and the highest courts of States, in the case of demonstration pro-grams described in subparagraph (E))’’ after ‘‘local units of government’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (C) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (D), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) subject to paragraph (3), programs to assess the fairness, effectiveness, timeliness, safety, integrity, and accessibility of adult guardianship and conservatorship pro-ceedings, including the appointment and the monitoring of the performance of court-ap-pointed guardians and conservators, and to implement changes deemed necessary as a result of the assessments such as mandating background checks for all potential guard-ians and conservators, and implementing systems to enable the annual accountings and other required conservatorship and guardianship filings to be completed, filed, and reviewed electronically in order to sim-plify the filing process for conservators and guardians and better enable courts to iden-tify discrepancies and detect fraud and the exploitation of protected persons; or’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.050 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4684 August 1, 2017 
(3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2), the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR COURT -APPOINTED  
GUARDIANSHIP OVERSIGHT DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) A
WARD OF GRANTS .—In awarding grants to the highest courts of States for demonstration programs described in para-graph (2)(E), the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the Attorney General and the State Justice Institute, as estab-lished by section 203 of the State Justice In-stitute Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10702). ‘‘(B) C
OLLABORATION .—The highest court of a State awarded a grant to conduct a dem-onstration program described in paragraph (2)(E) shall collaborate with the State Unit on Aging for the State and the Adult Protec-tive Services agency for the State in con-ducting the demonstration program.’’; (5) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this section), by inserting ‘‘(and, in the case of demonstration pro-grams described in paragraph (2)(E), the highest court of a State)’’ after ‘‘a State’’; and (6) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of demonstration programs described in paragraph (2)(E), the highest court of a State)’’ after ‘‘State’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 502. GAO REPORTS. 
(a) E LDER JUSTICE RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review existing Fed-eral programs and initiatives in the Federal criminal justice system relevant to elder jus-tice and shall submit to Congress— (1) a report on such programs and initia-tives; and (2) any recommendations the Comptroller General determines are appropriate to im-prove elder justice in the United States. (b) R
EPORT ON ELDER ABUSE AND INTER -
NATIONAL CRIMINAL ENTERPRISES .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on— (1) Federal Government efforts to mon-itor— (A) the exploitation of older adults of the United States in global drug trafficking schemes and other international criminal enterprises; (B) the extent to which exploitation of older adults of the United States by inter-national criminal enterprises has resulted in the incarceration of these citizens of the United States in foreign countries; and (C) the total annual number of elder abuse cases pending in the United States; and (2) the results of intervention by the United States with foreign officials on behalf of citizens of the United States who are elder abuse victims in international criminal en-terprises. 
SEC. 503. OUTREACH TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
The Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on efforts by the Department of Justice to conduct outreach to State and local law enforcement agencies on the process for collaborating with the Federal Government for the purpose of investigating and prosecuting interstate and international elder financial exploi-tation cases. SEC. 504. MODEL POWER OF ATTORNEY LEGISLA-TION. 
The Attorney General shall publish model power of attorney legislation for the purpose of preventing elder abuse. 
SEC. 505. BEST PRACTICES AND MODEL LEGISLA-TION FOR GUARDIANSHIP PRO-CEEDINGS. 
The Attorney General shall publish best practices for improving guardianship pro-ceedings and model legislation relating to guardianship proceedings for the purpose of preventing elder abuse. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REINFORCING EDUCATION AC-COUNTABILITY IN DEVELOP-MENT ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 116, H.R. 601. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assist-ance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic edu-cation in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve universal ac-cess to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amend-ments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reinforcing Education Accountability in Development Act’’ or the ‘‘READ Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Assistance to promote sustainable, quality basic education. Sec. 4. Comprehensive integrated United States strategy to promote basic education. Sec. 5. Improving coordination and over-sight. Sec. 6. Monitoring and evaluation of pro-grams. Sec. 7. Transparency and reporting to Con-gress. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (b) OTHER DEFINITIONS .—In this Act, the terms ‘‘basic education’’, ‘‘marginalized chil-dren and vulnerable groups’’, ‘‘national edu-cation plan’’, ‘‘partner country’’, and ‘‘rel-evant Executive branch agencies and offi-cials’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by section 3. 
SEC. 3. ASSISTANCE TO PROMOTE SUSTAINABLE, QUALITY BASIC EDUCATION. 
Section 105 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
SSISTANCE TOPROMOTE SUSTAINABLE , Q
UALITY BASIC EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) B
ASIC EDUCATION .—The term ‘basic education’ includes— ‘‘(i) measurable improvements in literacy, numeracy, and other basic skills develop-ment that prepare an individual to be an ac-tive, productive member of society and the workforce; ‘‘(ii) workforce development, vocational training, and digital literacy informed by real market needs and opportunities and that results in measurable improvements in employment; ‘‘(iii) programs and activities designed to demonstrably improve— ‘‘(I) early childhood, preprimary education, primary education, and secondary education, which can be delivered in formal or non-formal education settings; and ‘‘(II) learning for out-of-school youth and adults; and ‘‘(iv) capacity building for teachers, ad-ministrators, counselors, and youth workers that results in measurable improvements in student literacy, numeracy, or employment. ‘‘(B) C
OMMUNITIES OF LEARNING .—The term ‘communities of learning’ means a holistic approach to education and community en-gagement in which schools act as the pri-mary resource center for delivery of a serv-ice to the community at large, leveraging and maximizing the impact of other develop-ment efforts and reducing duplication and waste. ‘‘(C) G
ENDER PARITY IN BASIC EDUCATION .— The term ‘gender parity in basic education’ means that girls and boys have equal access to quality basic education. ‘‘(D) M
ARGINALIZED CHILDREN AND VULNER -
ABLE GROUPS .—The term ‘marginalized chil-dren and vulnerable groups’ includes girls, children affected by or emerging from armed conflict or humanitarian crises, children with disabilities, children in remote or rural areas (including those who lack access to safe water and sanitation), religious or eth-nic minorities, indigenous peoples, orphans and children affected by HIV/AIDS, child la-borers, married adolescents, and victims of trafficking. ‘‘(E) N
ATIONAL EDUCATION PLAN .—The term ‘national education plan’ means a com-prehensive national education plan devel-oped by partner country governments in con-sultation with other stakeholders as a means for wide-scale improvement of the country’s education system, including explicit, cred-ible strategies informed by effective prac-tices and standards to achieve quality uni-versal basic education. ‘‘(F) N
ONFORMAL EDUCATION .—The term ‘nonformal education’ means organized edu-cational activities outside the established formal system, whether operating separately or as an important feature of a broader ac-tivity, that are intended to provide students with measurable improvements in literacy, numeracy, and other basic skills develop-ment that prepare an individual to be an ac-tive, productive member of society and the workforce. ‘‘(G) P
ARTNER COUNTRY .—The term ‘partner country’ means a developing country that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.050 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4685 August 1, 2017 
participates in or benefits from basic edu-cation programs under this subsection pursu-ant to the prioritization criteria described in paragraph (4), including level of need, oppor-tunity for impact, and the availability of re-sources. ‘‘(H) R
ELEVANT EXECUTIVE BRANCH AGEN -
CIES AND OFFICIALS .—The term ‘relevant Ex-ecutive branch agencies and officials’ means the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Labor, the Department of Education, the Department of Agriculture, and the Depart-ment of Defense, the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation, the National Security Advisor, and the Di-rector of the Peace Corps. ‘‘(I) S
USTAINABILITY .—The term ‘sustain-ability’ means, with respect to any basic education program that receives funding pursuant to this section, the ability of a service delivery system, community, part-ner, or beneficiary to maintain, over time, such basic education program without the use of foreign assistance. ‘‘(2) P
OLICY .—In carrying out this section, it shall be the policy of the United States to work with partner countries, as appropriate, other donors, multilateral institutions, the private sector, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations, including faith- based organizations and organizations that represent teachers, students, and parents, to promote sustainable, quality basic education through programs and activities that— ‘‘(A) take into consideration and help re-spond to the needs, capacities, and commit-ment of developing countries to achieve measurable improvements in literacy, numeracy, and other basic skills develop-ment that prepare an individual to be an ac-tive, productive member of society and the workforce; ‘‘(B) strengthen educational systems, pro-mote communities of learning, as appro-priate, expand access to safe learning envi-ronments, including by breaking down spe-cific barriers to basic education for women and girls, ensure continuity of education, in-cluding in conflict settings, measurably im-prove teacher skills and learning outcomes, and support the engagement of parents in the education of their children to help part-ner countries ensure that all children, in-cluding marginalized children and other vul-nerable groups, have access to and benefit from quality basic education; ‘‘(C) promote education as a foundation for sustained economic growth and development within a comprehensive assistance strategy that places partner countries on a trajectory toward graduation from assistance provided under this section with clearly defined benchmarks of success that are used as re-quirements for related procurement vehicles, such as grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements; and ‘‘(D) monitor and evaluate the effective-ness and quality of basic education programs in partner countries. ‘‘(3) P
RINCIPLES .—In carrying out the pol-icy referred to in paragraph (2), the United States shall be guided by the following prin-ciples of aid effectiveness: ‘‘(A) A
LIGNMENT .—Assistance provided under this section to support programs and activities under this subsection shall be aligned with and advance United States for-eign policy and economic interests. ‘‘(B) C
OUNTRY OWNERSHIP .—To the greatest extent practicable, assistance provided under this section to support programs and activi-ties under this subsection should be aligned with and support the national education plans and country development strategies of partner countries, including activities that are appropriate for and meet the needs of local and indigenous cultures. ‘‘(C) COORDINATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Assistance provided under this section to support programs and activities under this subsection should be co-ordinated with and leverage the unique capa-bilities and resources of local and national governments in partner countries, other do-nors, multilateral institutions, the private sector, and nongovernmental and civil soci-ety organizations, including faith-based or-ganizations and organizations that represent teachers, students, and parents. ‘‘(ii) M
ULTILATERAL PROGRAMS AND INITIA -
TIVES .—Assistance provided under this sec-tion to support programs and activities under this subsection should be coordinated with and support proven multilateral edu-cation programs and financing mechanisms, which may include the Global Partnership for Education, that demonstrate commit-ment to efficiency, effectiveness, trans-parency, and accountability. ‘‘(D) E
FFICIENCY .—The President shall seek to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of assistance provided under this section to support programs and activities under this subsection by coordinating the related ef-forts of relevant Executive branch agencies and officials. ‘‘(E) E
FFECTIVENESS .—Programs and ac-tivities supported under this subsection— ‘‘(i) shall be consistent with the policies and principles set forth in this subsection; ‘‘(ii) shall be designed to achieve specific, measurable goals and objectives that are di-rectly related to the provision of basic edu-cation (as defined in this section); and ‘‘(iii) shall include appropriate targets, metrics, and indicators that— ‘‘(I) move a country along the path to graduation from assistance provided under this subsection; and ‘‘(II) can be applied with reasonable con-sistency across such programs and activities to measure progress and outcomes. ‘‘(F) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— Programs and activities supported under this subsection shall be subject to rigorous moni-toring and evaluation, which may include impact evaluations, the results of which shall be made publically available in a fully searchable, electronic format. ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS .— The President shall ensure that assistance provided under this section to support pro-grams and activities under this subsection is aligned with the foreign policy and economic interests of the United States and, subject to such alignment, priority is given to devel-oping countries in which— ‘‘(A) there is the greatest need and oppor-tunity to expand access to basic education and to improve learning outcomes, including for marginalized and vulnerable groups, par-ticularly women and girls to ensure gender parity in basic education, or populations af-fected by conflict or crisis; and ‘‘(B) such assistance can produce a sub-stantial, measurable impact on children and educational systems.’’. 
SEC. 4. COMPREHENSIVE INTEGRATED UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PROMOTE BASIC EDUCATION. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—øNot later than October 1, 2017, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive United States strategy to be carried out during fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to promote quality basic education in partner countries by—¿Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive United States strategy to be carried out during the following five fiscal years to promote quality basic education in partner countries by— (1) seeking to equitably expand access to basic education for all children, particularly marginalized children and vulnerable groups; and (2) measurably improving the quality of basic education and learning outcomes. (b) REQUIREMENT TOCONSULT .—In devel- oping the strategy required under subsection (a), the President shall consult with— (1) the appropriate congressional commit-tees; (2) relevant Executive branch agencies and officials; (3) partner country governments; and (4) local and international nongovern-mental organizations, including faith-based organizations and organizations representing students, teachers, and parents, and other development partners engaged in basic edu-cation assistance programs in developing countries. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The President shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the strategy required under subsection (a). (d) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a)— (1) shall be developed and implemented consistent with the principles set forth in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by section 3; and (2) shall seek— (A) to prioritize assistance provided under this subsection to countries that are part-ners of the United States and whose popu-lations are most in need of improved basic education, as determined by indicators such as literacy and numeracy rates; (B) to build the capacity of relevant actors in partner countries, including in govern-ment and in civil society, to develop and im-plement national education plans that meas-urably improve basic education; (C) to identify and replicate successful interventions that improve access to and quality of basic education in conflict set-tings and in partner countries; (D) to project general levels of resources needed to achieve stated program objectives; (E) to develop means to track implementa-tion in partner countries and ensure that such countries are expending appropriate do-mestic resources and instituting any rel-evant legal, regulatory, or institutional re-forms needed to achieve stated program ob-jectives; (F) to leverage United States capabilities, including through technical assistance, training, and research; and (G) to improve coordination and reduce du-plication among relevant Executive branch agencies and officials, other donors, multi-lateral institutions, nongovernmental orga-nizations, and governments in partner coun-tries. 
SEC. 5. IMPROVING COORDINATION AND OVER-SIGHT. 
(a) S ENIOR COORDINATOR OF UNITED STATES  I
NTERNATIONAL BASIC EDUCATION ASSIST -
ANCE .—There is established within the United States Agency for International De-velopment a Senior Coordinator of United States International Basic Education Assist-ance (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sen-ior Coordinator’’). The Senior Coordinator shall be appointed by the President, shall be a current USAID employee serving in a ca-reer or noncareer position in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service or at the level of a Deputy Assistant Administrator or higher, and shall serve concurrently as the Senior Coordi-nator. (b) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Senior Coordinator shall have primary responsibility for the oversight and coordination of all resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.052 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4686 August 1, 2017 
and activities of the United States Govern-ment relating to the promotion of inter-national basic education programs and ac-tivities. (2) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The Senior Coordi-nator shall— (A) facilitate program and policy coordina-tion of international basic education pro-grams and activities among relevant Execu-tive branch agencies and officials, partner governments, multilateral institutions, the private sector, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations; (B) develop and revise the strategy re-quired under section 4; (C) monitor, evaluate, and report on activi-ties undertaken pursuant to the strategy re-quired under section 4; and (D) establish due diligence criteria for all recipients of funds provided by the United States to carry out activities under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) O
FFSET .—In order to eliminate duplica-tion of effort and activities and to offset any costs incurred by the United States Agency for International Development in appointing the Senior Coordinator under subsection (a), the President shall, after consulting with ap-propriate congressional committees, elimi-nate a position within the United States Agency for International Development (un-less otherwise authorized or required by law) that the President determines to be nec-essary to fully offset such costs and elimi-nate duplication. 
SEC. 6. MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF PRO-GRAMS. 
The President shall seek to ensure that programs carried out under the strategy re-quired under section 4 shall— (1) apply rigorous monitoring and evalua-tion methodologies to determine if programs and activities provided under this subsection accomplish measurable improvements in lit-eracy, numeracy, or other basic skills devel-opment that prepare an individual to be an active, productive member of society and the workforce; (2) include methodological guidance in the implementation plan and support systemic data collection using internationally com-parable indicators, norms, and methodolo-gies, to the extent practicable and appro-priate; (3) disaggregate all data collected and re-ported by age, gender, marital status, dis-ability, and location, to the extent prac-ticable and appropriate; (4) include funding for both short- and long-term monitoring and evaluation to en-able assessment of the sustainability and scalability of assistance programs; and (5) support the increased use and public availability of education data for improved decision making, program effectiveness, and monitoring of global progress. 
SEC. 7. TRANSPARENCY AND REPORTING TO CONGRESS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON THE IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF STRATEGY .—øNot later than each March 31 immediately following a fiscal year during which the strategy developed pursu-ant to section 4(a) was carried out, the Presi-dent shall—¿Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year during which the strat-egy developed pursuant to section 4(a) is carried out, the President shall— (1) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes the im-plementation of such strategy; and (2) make the report described in paragraph (1) available to the public. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the efforts made by rel-evant Executive branch agencies and offi-cials to implement the strategy developed pursuant to section 4, with a particular focus on the activities carried out under the strat-egy; (2) a description of the extent to which each partner country selected to receive as-sistance for basic education meets the pri-ority criteria specified in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act, as added by sec-tion 3; and (3) a description of the progress achieved over the reporting period toward meeting the goals, objectives, benchmarks, and time-frames specified in the strategy developed pursuant to section 4 at the program level, as developed pursuant to monitoring and evaluation specified in section 6, with par-ticular emphasis on whether there are de-monstrable student improvements in lit-eracy, numeracy, or other basic skills devel-opment that prepare an individual to be an active, productive member of society and the workforce. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the Rubio amendment at the desk be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The amendment (No. 743) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To add provisions regarding the promotion of United States values and the reduction of childhood exposure to extrem-ist ideologies) On page 8, line 20, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. On page 8, line 23, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. On page 8, between lines 23 and 24, insert the following: ‘‘(E) promote United States values, espe-cially respect for all persons and freedoms of religion, speech, and the press. On page 12, line 14, strike ‘‘; and’’ and in-sert a semicolon. On page 12, strike line 17 and insert ‘‘edu-cational systems; and’’. On page 12, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: ‘‘(C) there is the greatest opportunity to reduce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or extremist ideologies.’’. 
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. PORTMAN. I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 601), as amended, was passed. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 114. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 114) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port regarding performance awards and bo-nuses awarded to certain high-level employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Affairs.’’, do pass with amendments. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I move to concur in the House amendments, and I know of no further debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the motion to concur. The motion was agreed to. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS ECONOMIC EXPANSION ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 339 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
An bill (H.R. 339) to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the Murkowski-Cantwell amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 744) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To permit the extension of 350 non-immigrant permits for workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands) Beginning on page 2, strike line 19, and all that follows through the end and insert the following: (B) by striking ‘‘‘ending on December 31, 2019’.’’ and inserting ‘‘ending on December 31, 2019, except that for fiscal year 2017 an ad-ditional 350 permits shall be made available for extension of existing permits, expiring after the date of enactment of the Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act through September 30, 2017, of which no fewer than 60 shall be reserved for healthcare practitioners and technical operations (as that term is defined by the Department of Labor as Standard Occupational Classifica-tion Group 29–0000 or any successor provi-sion), and no fewer than 10 shall be reserved for plant and system operators (as that term is defined by the Department of Labor as Standard Occupational Classification Group 51–8000 or any successor provision).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.052 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4687 August 1, 2017 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 339), as amended, was passed. 
f 
SERGEANT JOSEPH GEORGE KUSICK VA COMMUNITY LIVING CENTER Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2210, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2210) to designate the commu-nity living center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Jo-seph George Kusick VA Community Living Center.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2210) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
VETERANS APPEALS IMPROVE-MENT AND MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2288 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2288) to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and proc-esses relating to appeals of decisions regard-ing claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Isakson substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 745) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2288), as amended, was passed. f 
OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 93, S. 582. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 582) to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 582 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ADEQUATE ACCESS OF SPECIAL COUNSEL TO INFORMATION. 
Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Special Counsel, in carrying out this subchapter, is authorized to— ‘‘(i) have timely access to all records, data, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, recommendations, or other material avail-able to the applicable agency that relate to an investigation, review, or inquiry con-ducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38; ‘‘(ii) request from any agency the informa-tion or assistance that may be necessary for the Special Counsel to carry out the duties and responsibilities of the Special Counsel under this subchapter; and ‘‘(iii) require, during an investigation, re-view, or inquiry of an agency, the agency to provide to the Special Counsel any record or other information that relates to an inves-tigation, review, or inquiry conducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38. ‘‘(B)(i) The authorization of the Special Counsel under subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003), unless the Special Counsel is investigating, or otherwise car-rying out activities relating to the enforce-ment of, an action under subchapter III of chapter 73. ‘‘(ii) The Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I) disclosing the material could reason-ably be expected to interfere with a criminal investigation or prosecution that is ongoing as of the date on which the Special Counsel submits a request for the material; and ‘‘(II) the Attorney General or the Inspector General, as applicable, submits to the Spe-cial Counsel a written report that de-scribes— ‘‘(aa) the material being withheld; and ‘‘(bb) the reason that the material is being withheld. ‘‘(C)(i) A claim of common law privilege by an agency, or an officer or employee of an agency, shall not prevent the Special Coun-sel from obtaining any material described in subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to the agen-cy. ‘‘(ii) The submission of material described in subparagraph (A)(i) by an agency to the Special Counsel may not be deemed to waive any assertion of privilege by the agency against a non-Federal entity or against an individual in any other proceeding. ‘‘(iii) With respect to any record or other information made available to the Special Counsel by an agency under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel may only disclose the record or information for a purpose that is in furtherance of any authority provided to the Special Counsel in this subchapter. ‘‘(6) The Special Counsel shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdic-tion over the applicable agency a report re-garding any case of contumacy or failure to comply with a request submitted by the Spe-cial Counsel under paragraph (5)(A).’’. SEC. 3. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-TECTIONS. 
(a) A GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(i) appointed to a position as an employee on or after the date of enactment of the Of-fice of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2017; and ‘‘(ii) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9) of subsection (b). ‘‘(2) The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for— ‘‘(A) preventing prohibited personnel prac-tices; ‘‘(B) complying with and enforcing applica-ble civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other aspects of personnel management; and ‘‘(C) ensuring, in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency, that employees of the agency are informed of the rights and remedies avail-able to the employees under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(i) information with respect to whistle-blower protections available to new employ-ees during a probationary period; ‘‘(ii) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with respect to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(iii) the means by which, with respect to information that is otherwise required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs, an employee may make a lawful disclosure of the information to— ‘‘(I) the Special Counsel; ‘‘(II) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(III) Congress; or ‘‘(IV) another employee of the agency who is designated to receive such a disclosure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01AU6.061 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4688 August 1, 2017 
‘‘(3) The head of each agency shall ensure that the information described in paragraph (2) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 180 days after the date on which the new employee is appointed. ‘‘(4) The head of each agency shall make available information regarding whistle-blower protections applicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency and on any online portal that is made available only to employees of the agency, if such portal exists. ‘‘(5) Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for any aspect of personnel management shall, within the lim-its of the scope of the delegation, be respon-sible for the activities described in para-graph (2).’’. (b) T
RAINING FOR SUPERVISORS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (B) the term ‘‘whistleblower protections’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (2) T
RAINING REQUIRED .—The head of each agency, in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of that agency (or, in the case of an agency that does not have an Inspector General, the sen-ior ethics official of that agency), shall pro-vide the training described in paragraph (3). (3) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training de-scribed in this paragraph shall— (A) cover the manner in which the agency shall respond to a complaint alleging a viola-tion of whistleblower protections that are available to employees of the agency; and (B) be provided— (i) to each employee of the agency who— (I) is appointed to a supervisory position in the agency; and (II) before the appointment described in subclause (I), had not served in a supervisory position in the agency; and (ii) on an annual basis to all employees of the agency who serve in supervisory posi-tions in the agency. (c) I
NFORMATION ON APPEAL RIGHTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any notice provided to an employee under section 7503(b)(1), section 7513(b)(1), or section 7543(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall include detailed in-formation with respect to— (A) the right of the employee to appeal an action brought under the applicable section; (B) the forums in which the employee may file an appeal described in subparagraph (A); and (C) any limitations on the rights of the em-ployee that would apply because of the forum in which the employee decides to file an appeal. (2) D
EVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION .—The in- formation described in paragraph (1) shall be developed by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Special Counsel, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .— Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(or any other component responsible for internal investigation or review)’’ after ‘‘Inspector General’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, rule, or regulation’’ after ‘‘law’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (13) the following: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) the disclosure was made before the date on which the individual was appointed or applied for appointment to a position; or’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) If a disclosure is made during the nor-mal course of duties of an employee, the principal job function of whom is to regu-larly investigate and disclose wrongdoing (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘disclosing employee’), the disclosure shall not be ex-cluded from subsection (b)(8) if the disclosing employee demonstrates that an employee who has the authority to take, direct other individuals to take, recommend, or approve any personnel action with respect to the dis-closing employee took, failed to take, or threatened to take or fail to take a per-sonnel action with respect to the disclosing employee in reprisal for the disclosure made by the disclosing employee.’’. (b) EXPLANATIONS FOR FAILURE TOTAKE A
CTION .—Section 1213 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Any such report’’ and inserting ‘‘Any report required under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this subsection’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Upon receipt of any report that the head of an agency is required to submit under subsection (c), the Special Counsel shall review the report and determine wheth-er— ‘‘(A) the findings of the head of the agency appear reasonable; and ‘‘(B) if the Special Counsel requires the head of the agency to submit a supplemental report under paragraph (5), the reports sub-mitted by the head of the agency collec-tively contain the information required under subsection (d).’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘agency report received pursuant to subsection (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘report sub-mitted to the Special Counsel by the head of an agency under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this subsection’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) If, after conducting a review of a re-port under paragraph (2), the Special Counsel concludes that the Special Counsel requires additional information or documentation to determine whether the report submitted by the head of an agency is reasonable and suffi-cient, the Special Counsel may request that the head of the agency submit a supple-mental report— ‘‘(A) containing the additional information or documentation identified by the Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) that the head of the agency shall sub-mit to the Special Counsel within a period of time specified by the Special Counsel.’’. (c) TRANSFER REQUESTS DURING STAYS .— (1) P
RIORITY GRANTED .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Board grants a stay under sub-paragraph (A), the head of the agency em-ploying the employee who is the subject of the action shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (2) P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Board grants a stay under sub-section (c) and the employee who is the sub-ject of the action is in probationary status, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (d) R
ETALIATORY INVESTIGATIONS .—Section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel may petition the Board to order corrective action, including fees, costs, or damages reasonably incurred by an employee due to an investigation of the employee by an agency, if the investiga-tion by an agency was commenced, ex-panded, or extended in retaliation for a dis-closure or protected activity described in section 2302(b)(8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of section 2302(b)(9), øeven if no¿ without regard to whether a personnel action, as defined in section 2302(a)(2)(A), is taken øor not taken.¿’’. 
SEC. 5. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (2) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. (b) R
EFERRAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency re-garding the circumstances described in para-graph (2), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indicating that an employee of the agency committed sui-cide. (2) I
NFORMATION .—The circumstances de-scribed in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Before the death of an employee de-scribed in paragraph (1), the employee made a disclosure of information that reasonably evidences— (i) a violation of a law, rule, or regulation; (ii) gross mismanagement; (iii) a gross waste of funds; (iv) an abuse of authority; or (v) a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. (B) After a disclosure described in subpara-graph (A), a personnel action was taken with respect to the employee who made the dis-closure. (c) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— Upon receiving a referral under subsection (b)(1), the Special Counsel shall— (1) examine whether a personnel action was taken with respect to an employee because of a disclosure described in subsection (b)(2)(A); and (2) take any action that the Special Coun-sel determines is appropriate under sub-chapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS AS CRITERIA IN PERFORMANCE AP-PRAISALS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SYSTEMS .—Section 4302 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.055 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4689 August 1, 2017 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) The head of each agency, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Special Counsel, shall develop criteria that— ‘‘(A) the head of the agency shall use as a critical element for establishing the job re-quirements of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(B) promote the protection of whistle-blowers. ‘‘(2) The criteria required under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) principles for the protection of whis-tleblowers, such as the degree to which su-pervisory employees— ‘‘(i) respond constructively when employ-ees of the agency make disclosures described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 2302(b)(8); ‘‘(ii) take responsible actions to resolve the disclosures described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) foster an environment in which em-ployees of the agency feel comfortable mak-ing disclosures described in øsubparagraph (A)¿ clause (i) to supervisory employees or other appropriate authorities; and ‘‘(B) for each supervisory employee— ‘‘(i) whether the agency entered into an agreement with an individual who alleged that the supervisory employee committed a prohibited personnel practice; and ‘‘(ii) if the agency entered into an agree-ment described in clause (i), the number of instances in which the agency entered into such an agreement with respect to the super-visory employee. ‘‘(3) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘agency’ means any entity the employees of which are covered by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b), without regard to whether any other provision of this section is applicable to the entity; ‘‘(B) the term ‘prohibited personnel prac-tice’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(C) the term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee who would be a super-visor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the agency employing the employee was an agency for purposes of chapter 71; and ‘‘(D) the term ‘whistleblower’ means an employee who makes a disclosure described in section 2302(b)(8).’’. (b) C
RITERIA FOR PERFORMANCE APPRAIS -
ALS.—Section 4313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) protecting whistleblowers, as de-scribed in section 4302(b)(2).’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON UNAC-
CEPTABLE PERFORMANCE IN WHISTLEBLOWER  P
ROTECTION .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘whistleblower’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 4302(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (2) R
EPORT .—Each agency shall annually submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdiction over the agency a report that de-tails— (A) the number of performance appraisals, for the year covered by the report, that de-termined that an employee of the agency failed to meet the standards for protecting whistleblowers that were established under section 4302(b) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a); (B) the reasons for the determinations de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and (C) each performance-based or corrective action taken by the agency in response to a determination under subparagraph (A). (d) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 4301 of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘For the purpose of’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, for the purpose of’’. 
SEC. 7. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(C), without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8) or (9) of section 2302(b) against an employee of an agency; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee who would be a supervisor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency in which a supervisor is employed, an admin-istrative law judge, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector Gen-eral of the agency in which a supervisor is employed has determined that the supervisor committed a prohibited personnel action, the head of the agency in which the super-visor is employed, consistent with the proce-dures required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by the supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the super-visor for a period that is not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may propose an additional action de-termined appropriate by the head of the agency, including a reduction in grade or pay; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel action committed by the supervisor, shall propose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under para-graph (1) is entitled to written notice that— ‘‘(i) states the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informs the supervisor about the right of the supervisor to review the material that constitutes the factual support on which the proposed action is based. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who re-ceives notice under subparagraph (A) may, not later than 14 days after receiving the no-tice, submit an answer and furnish evidence in support of that answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE FURNISHED .—If, after the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), a super-visor does not furnish any evidence as de-scribed in that clause, or if the head of the agency in which the supervisor is employed determines that the evidence furnished by the supervisor is insufficient, the head of the agency shall carry out the action proposed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) SCOPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and pro-cedures, including those with respect to an appeal, as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; and ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) N
ON-DELEGATION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for determining wheth-er a supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action for purposes of paragraph (1), the head of the agency may not delegate that responsibility.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 7514 the following: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. 8. TERMINATION OF CERTAIN INVESTIGA-TIONS BY THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL. 
Section 1214(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended [
—] ø(1) in paragraph (1)(D), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘, other than a termi-nation of an investigation described in para-graph (6)(A),’’ after ‘‘investigation of a pro-hibited personnel practice’’; and (2)¿ by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) øNot later¿ Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, not later than 30 days after receiving an allegation of a pro-hibited personnel practice under paragraph (1), the Special Counsel may terminate an in-vestigation of the allegation without further inquiry øor an opportunity for the individual who submitted the allegation to respond ¿if the Special Counsel determines that— ‘‘(i) the same allegation, based on the same set of facts and circumstances had pre-viously been— ‘‘(I)(aa) made by the individual; and ‘‘(bb) investigated by the Special Counsel; or ‘‘(II) filed by the individual with the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(ii) the Special Counsel does not have ju-risdiction to investigate the allegation; or ‘‘(iii) the individual knew or should have known of the alleged prohibited personnel practice on or before the date that is 3 years before the date on which the Special Counsel received the allegation. ‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Special Counsel terminates an investigation under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel shall provide a written noti-fication to the individual who submitted the allegation of a prohibited personnel practice that states the basis of the Special Counsel for terminating the investigation.’’. 
SEC. 9. ALLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING WITHIN THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL. 
Section 1212 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel shall enter into at least one agreement with the Inspector Gen-eral of an agency under which— ‘‘(1) the Inspector General shall— ‘‘(A) receive, review, and investigate alle-gations of prohibited personnel practices or wrongdoing filed by employees of the Office of Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) develop a method for an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to directly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.055 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4690 August 1, 2017 
communicate with the Inspector General; and ‘‘(2) the Special Counsel— ‘‘(A) may not require an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to seek authoriza-tion or approval before directly contacting the Inspector General in accordance with the agreement; and ‘‘(B) may reimburse the Inspector General for services provided under the agreement.’’. 
SEC. 10. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Section 1218 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1218. Annual report ‘‘The Special Counsel shall submit to Con-gress, on an annual basis, a report on the ac-tivities of the Special Counsel, which shall include, for the year preceding the submis-sion of the report— ‘‘(1) the number, types, and disposition of allegations of prohibited personnel practices filed with the Special Counsel and the costs of resolving such allegations; ‘‘(2) the number of investigations con-ducted by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(3) the number of stays and disciplinary actions negotiated with agencies by the Spe-cial Counsel; ‘‘(4) the number of subpoenas issued by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(5) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel reopened an investigation after the Special Counsel had made an initial determination with respect to the investiga-tion; ‘‘(6) the actions that resulted from reopen-ing investigations, as described in paragraph (5); ‘‘(7) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel did not make a determina-tion before the end of the 240-day period de-scribed in section 1214(b)(2)(A)(i) regarding whether there were reasonable grounds to believe that a prohibited personnel practice had occurred, existed, or was to be taken; ‘‘(8) a description of the recommendations and reports made by the Special Counsel to other agencies under this subchapter and the actions taken by the agencies as a result of the recommendations or reports; ‘‘(9) the number of— ‘‘(A) actions initiated before the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, including the num-ber of corrective action petitions and dis-ciplinary action complaints initiated; and ‘‘(B) stays and extensions of stays obtained from the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(10) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that resulted in a favor-able action for the complainant, other than a stay or an extension of a stay, organized by actions in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; and ‘‘(11) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that were resolved by an agreement between an agency and an indi-vidual, organized by agency and agency com-ponents, in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; ‘‘(12) the number of corrective actions that the Special Counsel required an agency to take after a finding by the Special Counsel of a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); and ‘‘(13) the results for the Office of Special Counsel of any employee viewpoint survey conducted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement or any other agency.’’. (b) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 1219(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a list of any noncriminal matters re-ferred to the head of an agency under section 1213(c), together with— ‘‘(A) a copy of the information transmitted to the head of the agency under section 1213(c)(1); ‘‘(B) any report from the agency under sec-tion 1213(c)(1)(B) relating to the matter; ‘‘(C) if appropriate, not otherwise prohib-ited by law, and consented to by the com-plainant, any comments from the complain-ant under section 1213(e)(1) relating to the matter; and ‘‘(D) the comments or recommendations of the Special Counsel under paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1213(e);’’. (c) NOTICE OF COMPLAINT SETTLEMENTS .— Section 1217 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Special Counsel’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Special Counsel’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an allegation sub-mitted to the Special Counsel is resolved by an agreement between an agency and an in-dividual, the Special Counsel shall submit to Congress and each congressional committee with jurisdiction over the agency a report re-garding the agreement. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall identify, with respect to an agreement described in that paragraph— ‘‘(A) the agency that entered into the agreement; ‘‘(B) the position and employment location of the employee who submitted the allega-tion that formed the basis of the agreement; ‘‘(C) the position and employment location of any employee alleged by an employee de-scribed in subparagraph (B) to have com-mitted a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(D) a description of the allegation de-scribed in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) whether the agency that entered into the agreement has agreed to pursue any dis-ciplinary action as a result of the allegation described in subparagraph (B).’’. 
SEC. 11. ESTABLISHMENT OF SURVEY PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Office of Special Counsel shall design and establish a pilot program under which the Office shall con-duct, during the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, a survey of individuals who have filed a complaint or disclosure with the Office. (b) P
URPOSE .—The survey under subsection (a) shall be designed for the purpose of col-lecting information and improving service at various stages of a review or investigation by the Office of Special Counsel. (c) R
ESULTS .—The results of the survey under subsection (a) shall be published in the annual report of the Office of Special Coun-sel. (d) S
USPENSION OF OTHER SURVEYS .—Dur- ing the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2018, section 13 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes’’, approved October 29, 1994 (5 U.S.C. 1212 note), shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 12. REGULATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Special Counsel shall prescribe such regula-tions as may be necessary to perform— (1) the functions of the Special Counsel under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code, including regulations that are necessary to carry out sections 1213, 1214, and 1215 of that title; and (2) any functions of the Special Counsel that are required because of the amendments made by this Act. (b) PUBLICATION .—Any regulations pre-scribed under subsection (a) shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 13. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(a)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2022’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as though enacted on September 30, 2015. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be con-sidered, the Johnson amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the committee-reported amendments, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 746) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To permit an Inspector General to withhold certain material from the Office of Special Counsel if the material is de-rived from, or pertains to, intelligence ac-tivities) On page 3, strike lines 10 through 23 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(ii) An Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if the Inspector General determines that the material contains infor-mation derived from, or pertaining to, intel-ligence activities. ‘‘(iii) The Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I)(aa) disclosing the material could rea-sonably be expected to interfere with a criminal investigation or prosecution that is ongoing as of the date on which the Special Counsel submits a request for the material; or ‘‘(bb) the material— ‘‘(AA) may not be disclosed pursuant to a court order; or ‘‘(BB) has been filed under seal under sec-tion 3730 of title 31; and ‘‘(II) the Attorney General or the Inspector General, as applicable, submits to the Spe-cial Counsel a written report that de-scribes— ‘‘(aa) the material being withheld; and ‘‘(bb) the reason that the material is being withheld. On page 33, after line 8, add the following: 
SEC. 14. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Section 1214(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum.’’ (S. 1083, 115th Congress, 1st Session), is amended by striking ‘‘who was appointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,’’. 
The committee-reported amend-ments, as amended, were agreed to. The bill (S. 582), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 582 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.055 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4691 August 1, 2017 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ADEQUATE ACCESS OF SPECIAL COUNSEL TO INFORMATION. 
Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Special Counsel, in carrying out this subchapter, is authorized to— ‘‘(i) have timely access to all records, data, reports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, recommendations, or other material avail-able to the applicable agency that relate to an investigation, review, or inquiry con-ducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38; ‘‘(ii) request from any agency the informa-tion or assistance that may be necessary for the Special Counsel to carry out the duties and responsibilities of the Special Counsel under this subchapter; and ‘‘(iii) require, during an investigation, re-view, or inquiry of an agency, the agency to provide to the Special Counsel any record or other information that relates to an inves-tigation, review, or inquiry conducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38. ‘‘(B)(i) The authorization of the Special Counsel under subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003), unless the Special Counsel is investigating, or otherwise car-rying out activities relating to the enforce-ment of, an action under subchapter III of chapter 73. ‘‘(ii) An Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if the Inspector General determines that the material contains infor-mation derived from, or pertaining to, intel-ligence activities. ‘‘(iii) The Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I)(aa) disclosing the material could rea-sonably be expected to interfere with a criminal investigation or prosecution that is ongoing as of the date on which the Special Counsel submits a request for the material; or ‘‘(bb) the material— ‘‘(AA) may not be disclosed pursuant to a court order; or ‘‘(BB) has been filed under seal under sec-tion 3730 of title 31; and ‘‘(II) the Attorney General or the Inspector General, as applicable, submits to the Spe-cial Counsel a written report that de-scribes— ‘‘(aa) the material being withheld; and ‘‘(bb) the reason that the material is being withheld. ‘‘(C)(i) A claim of common law privilege by an agency, or an officer or employee of an agency, shall not prevent the Special Coun-sel from obtaining any material described in subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to the agen-cy. ‘‘(ii) The submission of material described in subparagraph (A)(i) by an agency to the Special Counsel may not be deemed to waive any assertion of privilege by the agency against a non-Federal entity or against an individual in any other proceeding. ‘‘(iii) With respect to any record or other information made available to the Special Counsel by an agency under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel may only disclose the record or information for a purpose that is in furtherance of any authority provided to the Special Counsel in this subchapter. ‘‘(6) The Special Counsel shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdic-tion over the applicable agency a report re-garding any case of contumacy or failure to comply with a request submitted by the Spe-cial Counsel under paragraph (5)(A).’’. 
SEC. 3. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-TECTIONS. 
(a) A GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(i) appointed to a position as an employee on or after the date of enactment of the Of-fice of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2017; and ‘‘(ii) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9) of subsection (b). ‘‘(2) The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for— ‘‘(A) preventing prohibited personnel prac-tices; ‘‘(B) complying with and enforcing applica-ble civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other aspects of personnel management; and ‘‘(C) ensuring, in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency, that employees of the agency are informed of the rights and remedies avail-able to the employees under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(i) information with respect to whistle-blower protections available to new employ-ees during a probationary period; ‘‘(ii) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with respect to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(iii) the means by which, with respect to information that is otherwise required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs, an employee may make a lawful disclosure of the information to— ‘‘(I) the Special Counsel; ‘‘(II) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(III) Congress; or ‘‘(IV) another employee of the agency who is designated to receive such a disclosure. ‘‘(3) The head of each agency shall ensure that the information described in paragraph (2) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 180 days after the date on which the new employee is appointed. ‘‘(4) The head of each agency shall make available information regarding whistle-blower protections applicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency and on any online portal that is made available only to employees of the agency, if such portal exists. ‘‘(5) Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for any aspect of personnel management shall, within the lim-its of the scope of the delegation, be respon-sible for the activities described in para-graph (2).’’. (b) T
RAINING FOR SUPERVISORS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (B) the term ‘‘whistleblower protections’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (2) TRAINING REQUIRED .—The head of each agency, in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of that agency (or, in the case of an agency that does not have an Inspector General, the sen-ior ethics official of that agency), shall pro-vide the training described in paragraph (3). (3) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training de-scribed in this paragraph shall— (A) cover the manner in which the agency shall respond to a complaint alleging a viola-tion of whistleblower protections that are available to employees of the agency; and (B) be provided— (i) to each employee of the agency who— (I) is appointed to a supervisory position in the agency; and (II) before the appointment described in subclause (I), had not served in a supervisory position in the agency; and (ii) on an annual basis to all employees of the agency who serve in supervisory posi-tions in the agency. (c) I
NFORMATION ON APPEAL RIGHTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any notice provided to an employee under section 7503(b)(1), section 7513(b)(1), or section 7543(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall include detailed in-formation with respect to— (A) the right of the employee to appeal an action brought under the applicable section; (B) the forums in which the employee may file an appeal described in subparagraph (A); and (C) any limitations on the rights of the em-ployee that would apply because of the forum in which the employee decides to file an appeal. (2) D
EVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION .—The in- formation described in paragraph (1) shall be developed by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Special Counsel, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .— Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(or any other component responsible for internal investigation or review)’’ after ‘‘Inspector General’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, rule, or regulation’’ after ‘‘law’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (13) the following: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) the disclosure was made before the date on which the individual was appointed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.057 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4692 August 1, 2017 
or applied for appointment to a position; or’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) If a disclosure is made during the nor-mal course of duties of an employee, the principal job function of whom is to regu-larly investigate and disclose wrongdoing (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘disclosing employee’), the disclosure shall not be ex-cluded from subsection (b)(8) if the disclosing employee demonstrates that an employee who has the authority to take, direct other individuals to take, recommend, or approve any personnel action with respect to the dis-closing employee took, failed to take, or threatened to take or fail to take a per-sonnel action with respect to the disclosing employee in reprisal for the disclosure made by the disclosing employee.’’. (b) E
XPLANATIONS FOR FAILURE TOTAKE A
CTION .—Section 1213 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Any such report’’ and inserting ‘‘Any report required under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this subsection’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Upon receipt of any report that the head of an agency is required to submit under subsection (c), the Special Counsel shall review the report and determine wheth-er— ‘‘(A) the findings of the head of the agency appear reasonable; and ‘‘(B) if the Special Counsel requires the head of the agency to submit a supplemental report under paragraph (5), the reports sub-mitted by the head of the agency collec-tively contain the information required under subsection (d).’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘agency report received pursuant to subsection (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘report sub-mitted to the Special Counsel by the head of an agency under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this subsection’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) If, after conducting a review of a re-port under paragraph (2), the Special Counsel concludes that the Special Counsel requires additional information or documentation to determine whether the report submitted by the head of an agency is reasonable and suffi-cient, the Special Counsel may request that the head of the agency submit a supple-mental report— ‘‘(A) containing the additional information or documentation identified by the Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) that the head of the agency shall sub-mit to the Special Counsel within a period of time specified by the Special Counsel.’’. (c) T
RANSFER REQUESTS DURING STAYS .— (1) P
RIORITY GRANTED .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Board grants a stay under sub-paragraph (A), the head of the agency em-ploying the employee who is the subject of the action shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (2) P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Board grants a stay under sub-section (c) and the employee who is the sub-ject of the action is in probationary status, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (d) R
ETALIATORY INVESTIGATIONS .—Section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel may petition the Board to order corrective action, including fees, costs, or damages reasonably incurred by an employee due to an investigation of the employee by an agency, if the investiga-tion by an agency was commenced, ex-panded, or extended in retaliation for a dis-closure or protected activity described in section 2302(b)(8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of section 2302(b)(9), without re-gard to whether a personnel action, as de-fined in section 2302(a)(2)(A), is taken.’’. SEC. 5. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (2) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. (b) R
EFERRAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency re-garding the circumstances described in para-graph (2), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indicating that an employee of the agency committed sui-cide. (2) I
NFORMATION .—The circumstances de-scribed in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Before the death of an employee de-scribed in paragraph (1), the employee made a disclosure of information that reasonably evidences— (i) a violation of a law, rule, or regulation; (ii) gross mismanagement; (iii) a gross waste of funds; (iv) an abuse of authority; or (v) a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. (B) After a disclosure described in subpara-graph (A), a personnel action was taken with respect to the employee who made the dis-closure. (c) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— Upon receiving a referral under subsection (b)(1), the Special Counsel shall— (1) examine whether a personnel action was taken with respect to an employee because of a disclosure described in subsection (b)(2)(A); and (2) take any action that the Special Coun-sel determines is appropriate under sub-chapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS AS CRITERIA IN PERFORMANCE AP-PRAISALS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SYSTEMS .—Section 4302 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) The head of each agency, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Special Counsel, shall develop criteria that— ‘‘(A) the head of the agency shall use as a critical element for establishing the job re-quirements of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(B) promote the protection of whistle-blowers. ‘‘(2) The criteria required under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) principles for the protection of whis-tleblowers, such as the degree to which su-pervisory employees— ‘‘(i) respond constructively when employ-ees of the agency make disclosures described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 2302(b)(8); ‘‘(ii) take responsible actions to resolve the disclosures described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) foster an environment in which em-ployees of the agency feel comfortable mak-ing disclosures described in clause (i) to su-pervisory employees or other appropriate au-thorities; and ‘‘(B) for each supervisory employee— ‘‘(i) whether the agency entered into an agreement with an individual who alleged that the supervisory employee committed a prohibited personnel practice; and ‘‘(ii) if the agency entered into an agree-ment described in clause (i), the number of instances in which the agency entered into such an agreement with respect to the super-visory employee. ‘‘(3) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘agency’ means any entity the employees of which are covered by para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b), without regard to whether any other provision of this section is applicable to the entity; ‘‘(B) the term ‘prohibited personnel prac-tice’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(C) the term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee who would be a super-visor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the agency employing the employee was an agency for purposes of chapter 71; and ‘‘(D) the term ‘whistleblower’ means an employee who makes a disclosure described in section 2302(b)(8).’’. (b) CRITERIA FOR PERFORMANCE APPRAIS -
ALS.—Section 4313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) protecting whistleblowers, as de-scribed in section 4302(b)(2).’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON UNAC-
CEPTABLE PERFORMANCE IN WHISTLEBLOWER  P
ROTECTION .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘whistleblower’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 4302(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (2) R
EPORT .—Each agency shall annually submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdiction over the agency a report that de-tails— (A) the number of performance appraisals, for the year covered by the report, that de-termined that an employee of the agency failed to meet the standards for protecting whistleblowers that were established under section 4302(b) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a); (B) the reasons for the determinations de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and (C) each performance-based or corrective action taken by the agency in response to a determination under subparagraph (A). (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 4301 of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘For the purpose of’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, for the purpose of’’. 
SEC. 7. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.057 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4693 August 1, 2017 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(C), without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8) or (9) of section 2302(b) against an employee of an agency; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee who would be a supervisor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency in which a supervisor is employed, an admin-istrative law judge, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector Gen-eral of the agency in which a supervisor is employed has determined that the supervisor committed a prohibited personnel action, the head of the agency in which the super-visor is employed, consistent with the proce-dures required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by the supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the super-visor for a period that is not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may propose an additional action de-termined appropriate by the head of the agency, including a reduction in grade or pay; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel action committed by the supervisor, shall propose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under para-graph (1) is entitled to written notice that— ‘‘(i) states the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informs the supervisor about the right of the supervisor to review the material that constitutes the factual support on which the proposed action is based. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who re-ceives notice under subparagraph (A) may, not later than 14 days after receiving the no-tice, submit an answer and furnish evidence in support of that answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE FURNISHED .—If, after the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), a super-visor does not furnish any evidence as de-scribed in that clause, or if the head of the agency in which the supervisor is employed determines that the evidence furnished by the supervisor is insufficient, the head of the agency shall carry out the action proposed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and pro-cedures, including those with respect to an appeal, as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; and ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) N
ON-DELEGATION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for determining wheth-er a supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action for purposes of paragraph (1), the head of the agency may not delegate that responsibility.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 7514 the following: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. 8. TERMINATION OF CERTAIN INVESTIGA-TIONS BY THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL. 
Section 1214(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section, not later than 30 days after receiving an allegation of a prohibited personnel practice under paragraph (1), the Special Counsel may terminate an investiga-tion of the allegation without further in-quiry if the Special Counsel determines that— ‘‘(i) the same allegation, based on the same set of facts and circumstances had pre-viously been— ‘‘(I)(aa) made by the individual; and ‘‘(bb) investigated by the Special Counsel; or ‘‘(II) filed by the individual with the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(ii) the Special Counsel does not have ju-risdiction to investigate the allegation; or ‘‘(iii) the individual knew or should have known of the alleged prohibited personnel practice on or before the date that is 3 years before the date on which the Special Counsel received the allegation. ‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Special Counsel terminates an investigation under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel shall provide a written noti-fication to the individual who submitted the allegation of a prohibited personnel practice that states the basis of the Special Counsel for terminating the investigation.’’. 
SEC. 9. ALLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING WITHIN THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL. 
Section 1212 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel shall enter into at least one agreement with the Inspector Gen-eral of an agency under which— ‘‘(1) the Inspector General shall— ‘‘(A) receive, review, and investigate alle-gations of prohibited personnel practices or wrongdoing filed by employees of the Office of Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) develop a method for an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to directly communicate with the Inspector General; and ‘‘(2) the Special Counsel— ‘‘(A) may not require an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to seek authoriza-tion or approval before directly contacting the Inspector General in accordance with the agreement; and ‘‘(B) may reimburse the Inspector General for services provided under the agreement.’’. 
SEC. 10. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Section 1218 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1218. Annual report ‘‘The Special Counsel shall submit to Con-gress, on an annual basis, a report on the ac-tivities of the Special Counsel, which shall include, for the year preceding the submis-sion of the report— ‘‘(1) the number, types, and disposition of allegations of prohibited personnel practices filed with the Special Counsel and the costs of resolving such allegations; ‘‘(2) the number of investigations con-ducted by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(3) the number of stays and disciplinary actions negotiated with agencies by the Spe-cial Counsel; ‘‘(4) the number of subpoenas issued by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(5) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel reopened an investigation after the Special Counsel had made an initial determination with respect to the investiga-tion; ‘‘(6) the actions that resulted from reopen-ing investigations, as described in paragraph (5); ‘‘(7) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel did not make a determina-tion before the end of the 240-day period de-scribed in section 1214(b)(2)(A)(i) regarding whether there were reasonable grounds to believe that a prohibited personnel practice had occurred, existed, or was to be taken; ‘‘(8) a description of the recommendations and reports made by the Special Counsel to other agencies under this subchapter and the actions taken by the agencies as a result of the recommendations or reports; ‘‘(9) the number of— ‘‘(A) actions initiated before the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, including the num-ber of corrective action petitions and dis-ciplinary action complaints initiated; and ‘‘(B) stays and extensions of stays obtained from the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(10) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that resulted in a favor-able action for the complainant, other than a stay or an extension of a stay, organized by actions in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; and ‘‘(11) the number of prohibited personnel practice complaints that were resolved by an agreement between an agency and an indi-vidual, organized by agency and agency com-ponents, in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; ‘‘(12) the number of corrective actions that the Special Counsel required an agency to take after a finding by the Special Counsel of a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); and ‘‘(13) the results for the Office of Special Counsel of any employee viewpoint survey conducted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement or any other agency.’’. (b) PUBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 1219(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a list of any noncriminal matters re-ferred to the head of an agency under section 1213(c), together with— ‘‘(A) a copy of the information transmitted to the head of the agency under section 1213(c)(1); ‘‘(B) any report from the agency under sec-tion 1213(c)(1)(B) relating to the matter; ‘‘(C) if appropriate, not otherwise prohib-ited by law, and consented to by the com-plainant, any comments from the complain-ant under section 1213(e)(1) relating to the matter; and ‘‘(D) the comments or recommendations of the Special Counsel under paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1213(e);’’. (c) N
OTICE OF COMPLAINT SETTLEMENTS .— Section 1217 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Special Counsel’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Special Counsel’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an allegation sub-mitted to the Special Counsel is resolved by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.057 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4694 August 1, 2017 
an agreement between an agency and an in-dividual, the Special Counsel shall submit to Congress and each congressional committee with jurisdiction over the agency a report re-garding the agreement. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall identify, with respect to an agreement described in that paragraph— ‘‘(A) the agency that entered into the agreement; ‘‘(B) the position and employment location of the employee who submitted the allega-tion that formed the basis of the agreement; ‘‘(C) the position and employment location of any employee alleged by an employee de-scribed in subparagraph (B) to have com-mitted a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(D) a description of the allegation de-scribed in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) whether the agency that entered into the agreement has agreed to pursue any dis-ciplinary action as a result of the allegation described in subparagraph (B).’’. 
SEC. 11. ESTABLISHMENT OF SURVEY PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Office of Special Counsel shall design and establish a pilot program under which the Office shall con-duct, during the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, a survey of individuals who have filed a complaint or disclosure with the Office. (b) P
URPOSE .—The survey under subsection (a) shall be designed for the purpose of col-lecting information and improving service at various stages of a review or investigation by the Office of Special Counsel. (c) R
ESULTS .—The results of the survey under subsection (a) shall be published in the annual report of the Office of Special Coun-sel. (d) S
USPENSION OF OTHER SURVEYS .—Dur- ing the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2018, section 13 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes’’, approved October 29, 1994 (5 U.S.C. 1212 note), shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 12. REGULATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Special Counsel shall prescribe such regula-tions as may be necessary to perform— (1) the functions of the Special Counsel under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code, including regulations that are necessary to carry out sections 1213, 1214, and 1215 of that title; and (2) any functions of the Special Counsel that are required because of the amendments made by this Act. (b) P
UBLICATION .—Any regulations pre-scribed under subsection (a) shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 13. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(a)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2022’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as though enacted on September 30, 2015. 
SEC. 14. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Section 1214(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum.’’ (S. 1083, 115th Congress, 1st Session), is amended by striking ‘‘who was appointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,’’. PRO BONO WORK TO EMPOWER AND REPRESENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 717 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 717) to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The bill (S. 717) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 717 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘POWER Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Extremely high rates of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking exist at the local, State, and na-tional levels and such violence or behavior harms the most vulnerable members of our society. (2) According to a study commissioned by the Department of Justice, nearly 25 percent of women suffer from domestic violence dur-ing their lifetime. (3) Proactive efforts should be made avail-able in all forums to provide pro bono legal services and eliminate the violence that de-stroys lives and shatters families. (4) A variety of factors cause domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, and a variety of solutions at the local, State, and national levels are nec-essary to combat such violence or behavior. (5) According to the National Network to End Domestic Violence, which conducted a census including almost 1,700 assistance pro-grams, over the course of 1 day in September 2014, more than 10,000 requests for services, including legal representation, were not met. (6) Pro bono assistance can help fill this need by providing not only legal representa-tion, but also access to emergency shelter, transportation, and childcare. (7) Research and studies have dem-onstrated that the provision of legal assist-ance to victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking re-duces the probability of such violence or be-havior reoccurring in the future and can help survivors move forward. (8) Legal representation increases the pos-sibility of successfully obtaining a protec-tive order against an attacker, which pre-vents further mental and physical injury to a victim and his or her family, as dem-onstrated by a study that found that 83 per-cent of victims represented by an attorney were able to obtain a protective order, whereas only 32 percent of victims without an attorney were able to do so. (9) The American Bar Association Model Rules include commentary stating that ‘‘every lawyer, regardless of professional prominence or professional workload, has a responsibility to provide legal services to those unable to pay, and personal involve-ment in the problems of the disadvantaged can be one of the most rewarding experiences in the life of a lawyer’’. (10) As representatives of the Department of Justice, the duty of United States Attor-neys is to present ‘‘equal and impartial jus-tice to all its citizens’’, which should in-clude, especially, survivors of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking who might not otherwise know how to seek advice and protection. (11) As Federal leaders who have knowl-edge of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking in their local-ities, United States Attorneys should en-courage lawyers to provide pro bono re-sources in an effort to help victims of such violence or behavior escape the cycle of abuse. (12) A dedicated army of pro bono attor-neys focused on this mission will inspire oth-ers to devote efforts to this cause and will raise awareness of the scourge of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking throughout the country. (13) Communities, by providing awareness of pro bono legal services and assistance to survivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking, will em-power those survivors to move forward with their lives. SEC. 3. U.S. ATTORNEYS TO PROMOTE EMPOWER-MENT EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less often than once each year there-after, each United States Attorney, or his or her designee, for each judicial district shall lead not less than 1 public event, in partner-ship with a State, local, tribal, or territorial domestic violence service provider or coali-tion and a State or local volunteer lawyer project, promoting pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking and engage citizens in assisting those survivors. (b) D
ISTRICTS CONTAINING INDIAN TRIBES  
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—During each 3- year period, a United States Attorney, or his or her designee, for a judicial district that contains an Indian tribe or tribal organiza-tion (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) shall lead not less than 1 public event promoting pro bono legal services under subsection (a) of this section in partnership with an Indian tribe or tribal organization with the intent of increasing the provision of pro bono legal services for Indian or Alaska Native victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each United States Attorney shall— (1) have discretion as to the design, organi-zation, and implementation of the public events required under subsection (a); and (2) in conducting a public event under sub-section (a), seek to maximize the local im-pact of the event and the provision of access to high-quality pro bono legal services by survivors of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .— Not later than October 30 of each year, each United States Attorney shall submit to the Attorney General a report detailing each public event conducted under section 3 dur-ing the previous fiscal year. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1 of each year, the Attorney General shall sub-mit to Congress a compilation and summary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.057 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4695 August 1, 2017 
of each report received under subsection (a) for the previous fiscal year. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each comprehensive re-port submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude an analysis of how each public event meets the goals set forth in this Act, as well as suggestions on how to improve future pub-lic events. 
SEC. 5. FUNDING. 
The Department of Justice shall use exist-ing funds to carry out the requirements of this Act. f 
RESOLUTIONS DISCHARGED Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the applicable committees be discharged and the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following resolutions, en bloc: S. Res. 203, S. Res. 194, S. Res. 214, S. Res. 215, S. Res. 231, S. Res. 213, S. Res. 233 and S. Res. 221. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 203) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 26, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 194) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 15, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 214) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 29, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 215) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 29, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 231) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 25, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 213) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of June 29, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 233) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 26, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 221) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 19, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following Senate resolutions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 239, S. Res. 240, and S. Res. 241. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 510 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 510) to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 510) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 2017 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Wednesday, August 2; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Kaplan nomination, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:47 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, August 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate August 1, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ELAINE MCCUSKER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A PRINCIPAL DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. ROBERT DAIGLE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF COST ASSESSMENT AND PROGRAM EVALUATION, DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. ROBERT R. HOOD, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE . 
THE JUDICIARY  
KEVIN CHRISTOPHER NEWSOM, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RICHARD V. SPENCER, OF WYOMING, TO BE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
CHRISTOPHER A. WRAY, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION FOR A TERM OF TEN YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RYAN MCCARTHY, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF THE ARMY. LUCIAN NIEMEYER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. MATTHEW P. DONOVAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. ELLEN M. LORD, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LOGISTICS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01AU6.058 S01AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1107 August 1, 2017 
VISIT WITH HIS DIVINE HOLINESS HARIPRASAD SWAMIJI MAHARAJ AT THE JAIN TEMPLE OF CHI-CAGO ON AUGUST 12TH 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor His Divine Holiness Hariprasad Swamiji Maharaj, spiritual leader and founder of the Yogi Divine Society—a Hindu spiritual and humanitarian charitable organization—as he makes a historic visit to Yogi Divine Soci-ety members and devotees across North America. The Yogi Divine Society is a global not for profit organization founded in 1974 that en-courages all races, religions, and genders to lead enriched and harmonious lives. With over 500 educational and cultural centers world-wide, the Yogi Divine Society is devoted to working on issues like the environment, youth development, spiritual education, and health care. His Divine Holiness Hariprasad Swamiji Maharaj has dedicated his life to the principle of Atmiyata (Spiritual Affinity with one and all). He became a Sadhu (religious devotee) in 1965 and was made diksha (being appointed saint) by his spiritual educator Guruhari Yogiji Maharaj. His drive for global harmony led him to found the Yogi Divine Society. Through his work, his Holiness strives to promote human-ity, peace, and understanding amongst the people of the world. Every time I visit the volunteers and mem-bers of the Yogi Divine Society, I am reminded of the incredible virtues that the Society pro-motes not only to Americans but to people around the world. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support their work and their devotion to cre-ating a more welcoming and understanding world. I honor His Divine Holiness Hariprasad Swamiji Maharaj, the spiritual leader and founder of the Yogi Divine Society, as he visits the Jain Temple of Metropolitan Chicago on August 12th. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT ‘‘IAN’’ MALONEY 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight Robert ‘‘Ian’’ Malo-ney, a May 2017 graduate of Georgetown Pre-paratory School and a newly accepted mem-ber of the Brown University class of 2021. Last year, I had the great pleasure of speak-ing at Georgetown Preparatory School about the call to serve and to give back to the com-munity. I accepted the invitation to speak at that school because Ian reached out and asked me to do so. Ian is a remarkable young man whom I have known since his birth. Ian was President of the Black Student Association. He is also a member of the National Honor Soci-ety and a National Hispanic Scholar, and he is passionate about serving others and giving back. He is committed to social justice and drawing attention to the scourge of homeless-ness. Ian asked me to speak at Georgetown Pre-paratory School because he had made a promise to the school’s Headmaster, Mr. Jeff Jones. Mr. Jones was the school’s first Afri-can-American Headmaster and Interim Presi-dent, and a leader who fostered diversity. At the time that Ian requested that I speak, Mr. Jones was awaiting a heart transplant at Ce-dars-Sinai Hospital in my Congressional Dis-trict. Sadly, Mr. Jones would die two months after I spoke. However, several days before he had passed, he called to wish Ian con-tinuing success in his studies and called on him to carry the torch and to continue to serve others. Mr. Speaker, Ian wishes to honor the call and the memory of his Headmaster, Mr. Jeff Jones. Ian is a very special young man, and I wish him success in his academic endeav-ors. I truly believe that he has a very bright fu-ture ahead and that he will continue to give back to his community and make a positive difference in the world. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on July 28, 2017 I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Nos. 436, 437, and 438. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN CHRISTOPHER L
AMONICA 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to commemorate the life of Mr. John Christopher LaMonica. Mr. LaMonica’s career in broadcast jour-nalism is a catalogue of the major events of 20th century history. From Central Asia to the Middle East to Southern Africa; from the se-cret nuclear cities of Siberia to New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina; he used facts to tell stories with moral truths. Originally from Rye, New York, Mr. LaMonica attended Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service. In 1979, he be-came an Adjunct Fellow at the Center for Stra-tegic and International Studies. He cut his teeth as a consultant for Henry Kissinger and became a newsman with Ted Koppel, working for decades as an investigative producer for ABC News Nightline. In 2006 he took the leg-acy of journalism from that program with him to Discovery, where he produced cutting-edge documentaries with Mr. Koppel on subjects ranging from the history of race relations in America to surviving cancer. Mr. LaMonica continued that work as an executive producer at Al Jazeera America. The sum total of years spent away from his family in Russia and Iran and some of the most dangerous places on earth rewarded Mr. LaMonica with numerous National Emmys, several Dupont-Columbia and Peabody awards, the Overseas Press Club Edward R. Murrow Award, and the Global Health Council Excellence in Media Award. In 1987, he earned the Benton Fellowship in broadcast journalism from the University of Chicago. But what meant the world to Mr. LaMonica was that it can be said of him that he was a great father, the best grandfather, and, quite simply, a good man. In addition to his journalistic endeavors, Mr. LaMonica continuously gave back to our com-munity. His philanthropic efforts included his involvement with the Knights of Columbus, HOPE in Northern Virginia and the Zambia Or-phans of AIDS, and the St. Peter Claver Soci-ety. Mr. LaMonica died peacefully in his bed at home in Virginia on March 13, 2016, after bat-tling cancer for nearly a year. He is survived by his wife, Teresa; her son; their three chil-dren; and four grandchildren, who still miss the man they called ‘‘Papa Jay.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to Jay LaMonica. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I had to miss today’s votes on July 28, 2017, because I had a pre-scheduled meeting and briefing at the United States Air Force Acad-emy. Also, I cast the same votes when each of these bills was considered under suspen-sion on 7/24/17. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 437, and YEA on Roll Call No. 438. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01AU8.001 E01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1108 August 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND SACRIFICE OF SERGEANT CHRIS REDMAN 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the service and sacrifice of Sergeant Chris Redman, and to congratulate him for being inducted into the Honorary Rolls of the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, the ‘‘Blackhorse Regiment.’’ I believe that our na-tion’s men and women in uniform are Amer-ica’s greatest assets. They have made incred-ible sacrifices for our country and deserve our utmost support and respect for their service. Sergeant Redman has dedicated his life to protecting all Americans through his service as a sergeant in the United States Army and as a police officer. He received numerous rec-ognitions while in the Army and has continued to serve the Blackhorse Regiment since his retirement. In addition to his selfless service to our country, Sergeant Redman has also been a great leader and supporter of the Blackhorse Regiment in his community, coordinating re-unions and raising money for scholarship funds. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than the one we owe our veterans. They and their families should be commended. On be-half of the 4th Congressional District of Colo-rado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Sergeant Redman. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Sergeant Chris Redman for his commitment to family, community, and the United States of America. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JEFF FORTENBERRY 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, July 27, 2017, I was unavoidably detained and thus missed roll call votes 430 through 435. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY Roll Call No. 430, NAY Roll Call No. 431, NAY Roll Call No. 432, NAY Roll Call No. 433, NAY Roll Call No. 434, and YEA on Roll Call No. 435. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MA-RINE CORPORAL LUKE M
CDERMOTT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the service and sacrifice of Marine Corporal Luke McDermott. Corporal McDermott was serving his second deployment in Afghanistan when on June 9, 2010, an improvised explosive device deto-nated underneath his vehicle during a routine security patrol. The damage caused by this explosion cost Corporal McDermott both of his legs, but it did not take away the fighting spirit which enabled him to persevere through the difficult recovery process. It is a true testament to Corporal McDermott’s character that these injuries have not prevented him from pursuing life to its full-est. In addition to actively training and trav-eling with the U.S. National Sled Hockey team, he has continued his service to the global community by participating in a volun-teer trip to study social development in Mo-rocco. Through the generous work of Homes for our Troops, Corporal McDermott will soon be-come a resident of New York’s 21st District, and we are proud to welcome him. Since 2004, the organization has built 236 adapted homes for veterans, and now Homes for our Troops is providing Corporal McDermott with an accessible residence in Clayton, New York. Here, he can live comfortably and pursue his dreams of working toward a law degree. I would like to thank Corporal McDermott for his service to our county and for the sacrifices he has made for our way of life. He is a de-serving recipient of the incredible opportunity that Homes for our Troops provides. f 
RECOGNIZING HOWARD L. CHAMBERS 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Howard L. Chambers, City Manager for Lakewood, California in my Southern Cali-fornia district who is retiring after over 41 years of public service. Howard is concluding his career as the longest serving city manager with any single city in California, exemplifying his love and dedication towards the City of Lakewood and its people. Howard was born and raised in Lakewood, having attended Lakewood schools and work-ing at the local YMCA and the City of Lake-wood’s recreation program. As his life pro-gressed Howard never strayed too far from his beloved city, attending college at nearby Cali-fornia State University, Long Beach where he received a Bachelor of Science degree. How-ard became Lakewood’s top executive in 1976, after receiving a Master of Arts degree in Planning and Administration from Pepperdine University and serving as Execu-tive Assistant to the Lakewood City Manager. During his tenure with the City of Lakewood, Howard always provided strong leadership and knowledgeable direction for major projects. While his accomplishments are far too numerous to name, I want to highlight the building of the Weingart Senior Center, The Centre at Sycamore Plaza, the S. Mark Taper Foundation Vista Lodge, the West San Gabriel River Parkway Nature Trail, and, most re-cently, the new Pumpkin Playground at San Martin Park. He also oversaw the renovation of the Veterans Memorial Plaza and Douglas jet plane at Del Valle Park. Over the past decades, Howard has worked tirelessly to ensure Lakewood operates on firm financial footing and never outside its fiscal means. During the recent economic downturn, Lakewood was able to maintain funding for all city services and avoid employee layoffs thanks to Howard’s budgetary foresight. Howard has also played an influential role amongst his peers in city management, through his leadership roles in League of Cali-fornia Cities, the California Contract Cities As-sociation, the California Joint Powers Insur-ance Authority, the Gateway Cities Council of Governments, and the International City/Coun-ty Management Association. Howard was re-cently honored by the League of California Cit-ies with the 2017 Wes McClure Award of Dis-tinction for outstanding career service, leader-ship, ethics, expertise and innovation as a city manager. I wish to commend Howard Chambers on his many years of outstanding public service and dedication to the City of Lakewood and its residents. I wish him the very best in retire-ment. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-avoidable conflict, I missed the following votes on July 28. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 437, and YEA on Roll Call No. 438. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the following exchange of letters be included in the R
ECORD on H.R. 2810: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , Washington, DC, June 29, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the bill H.R. 2810, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X ju-risdiction of the Committee on House Ad-ministration. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on House Administra-tion does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2810 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU8.005 E01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1109 August 1, 2017 
worked regarding this matter and others be-tween our respective committees. Sincerely, G
REGG HARPER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. G
REGG HARPER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on House Admin-istration has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on House Administration is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. THORNBERRY : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 2810, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This legislation contains provisions within the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X ju-risdiction. As a result of your having con-sulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with re-spect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Agriculture has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on Agriculture is not waiving its ju-risdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, which the Committee on Armed Services or-dered reported on June 28, 2017. The bill contains provisions that fall with-in the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. In order to expedite House consider-ation of H.R. 2810, the Committee on the Budget will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in H.R. 2810 or similar legislation and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any re-maining issues that fall within its jurisdic-tion. The Committee on the Budget also re-serves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and requests your support of any such request. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your commit-tee’s report on H.R. 2810 and in the Congres-sional Record during its consideration on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. I look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. Sincerely, D
IANE BLACK , C
HAIRMAN , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. D
IANE BLACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MADAM CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on the Budget has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on the Budget is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. f 
H.R. 2810 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 1, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the following exchange of letters be included in the R
ECORD on H.R. 2810: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to con-firm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 2810 on those matters within the Committee’s ju-risdiction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 2810, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 2810 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMADAM CHAIRWOMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018.’’ While the leg-islation does contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee will not request a sequential referral so that it can proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Committee takes this action with the understanding that its jurisdictional inter-ests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as such legislation moves for-ward. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate conference on such legislation and requests your support when such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of let-ters be included in the Congressional Record 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU8.010 E01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1110 August 1, 2017 
during consideration of H.R. 2810 on the House floor. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Energy and Commerce has valid jurisdictional claims to ce1iain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing to you regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. There are certain provisions in the legisla-tion which fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Financial Services. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2810 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others be-tween our respective committees. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Financial Services has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Financial Services is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, which contains substantial matter that falls within the Rule X legisla-tive jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. I appreciate the cooperation that al-lowed us to work out mutually agreeable text on numerous matters prior to your markup. Based on that cooperation and our associ-ated understandings, the Foreign Affairs Committee will not seek a sequential refer-ral or object to floor consideration of the bill text approved at your Committee markup. This decision in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdictional interests of the Foreign Affairs Committee in this bill, any subse-quent amendments, or similar legislation. I request your support for the appointment of House Foreign Affairs conferees during any House-Senate conference on this legislation. Finally, I respectfully request that you in-clude this letter and your response in your committee report on the bill and in the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2810 on the House floor. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01AU8.014 E01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with REMARKS
D869 Tuesday, August 1, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. Senate confirmed the nomination of Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4633–S4695 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and six reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1682–1699, S.J. Res. 48, and S. Res. 237–241.
          Pages S4667–68 
Measures Reported: S. 504, to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Pro-gram. (S. Rept. No. 115–140) S. 81, to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors. (S. Rept. No. 115–141) S. 1311, to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1312, to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S4667 
Measures Passed: Authorizing the Production of Records by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations: Senate agreed to S. Res. 237, to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
                                    Page S4635 
Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthorization Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 860, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S4649–59 
Grassley Amendment No. 741, relative to the re-authorization and improvement of the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974. 
                                                                                            Page S4651 Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act: Senate passed S. 190, to provide for consideration of the ex-tension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy effi-ciency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems.
                           Page S4681 
Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act: Senate passed S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and ex-ploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S4681–84 
Portman (for Grassley) Amendment No. 742, of a perfecting nature.
                                                       Page S4681 
READ Act: Senate passed H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assist-ance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate dupli-cation and waste, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S4684–86 
Portman (for Rubio) Amendment No. 743, to add provisions regarding the promotion of United States values and the reduction of childhood exposure to extremist ideologies.
                                                 Page S4686 
Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act: Committee on Energy and Natural Resources was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S4686–87 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD870 August 1, 2017 
Portman (for Murkowski/Cantwell) Amendment No. 744, to permit the extension of 350 non-immigrant permits for workers in the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
       Page S4686 
Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center: Senate passed H.R. 2210, to des-ignate the community living center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’. 
                                                                                            Page S4687 
Veterans Appeals Improvement and Moderniza-tion Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2288, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S4687 
Portman (for Isakson) Amendment No. 745, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S4687 
Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 582, to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S4687–94 
Portman (for Johnson) Amendment No. 746, to permit an Inspector General to withhold certain ma-terial from the Office of Special Counsel if the mate-rial is derived from, or pertains to, intelligence ac-tivities.
                                                                            Page S4687 
POWER Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 717, to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence, and the bill was then passed.
                              Page S4694 
National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Month and Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 203, designating the month of June 2017, as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2017, as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Aware-ness Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S4695 
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 194, designating June 15, 2017, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S4695 
Juneteenth Independence Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 214, designating June 19, 2017, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.                                        Page S4695 
Collector Car Appreciation Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 215, designating July 14, 2017, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and restoration of historic and classic cars is an important part of preserving the techno-logical achievements and cultural heritage of the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S4695 
National Whistleblower Appreciation Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 231, designating July 30, 2017, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S4695 
Honoring July 2016 Dallas Police Shooting Vic-tims: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 213, honoring the memory of Dallas Police Department Senior Cor-poral Lorne Ahrens, Sergeant Michael Smith, Officer Michael Krol, Officer Patrick Zamarripa, and Dallas Area Rapid Transit Police Officer Brent Thompson, who were killed during the attack in Dallas, Texas, that occurred 1 year ago, on July 7, 2016, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S4695 
National Airborne Day: Committee on the Judi-ciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 233, designating August 16, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Airborne Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S4695 
National Lobster Day: Committee on the Judici-ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 221, designating September 25, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Lobster Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S4695 
Congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins: Senate agreed to S. Res. 239, congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins for winning the 2017 Stanley Cup hockey championship.
                                                             Page S4695 
Congratulating the University of Florida base-ball team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 240, congratu-lating the University of Florida baseball team for winning the 2017 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation College World Series.
                              Page S4695 
National Purple Heart Recognition Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 241, supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day. 
                                                                                            Page S4695 
Rapid DNA Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 510, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D871 August 1, 2017 
to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog, and the bill was then passed.
           Page S4695 
Measures Considered: FDA Reauthorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consider-ation of H.R. 2430, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical de-vices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological prod-ucts.
                                                                          Pages S4663–64 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board.
                       Page S4663 
House Messages: VA Choice and Quality Employment Act: Senate concurred in the amendments of the House to S. 114, to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to improve hiring au-thorities of the Department, to authorize major med-ical facility leases.
                                                      Page S4686 
Washington Metrorail Safety Commission— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the papers with respect to H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission, be re-turned to the House of Representatives at their re-quest.
                                                                               Page S4640 
Kaplan Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, August 2, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
                                                           Page S4695 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 92 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. EX. 181), Chris-topher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for a term of ten years.
                                                                        Pages S4644–49 By 66 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. EX. 182), Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
                                                                                            Page S4649 
Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Robert Daigle, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Department of Defense. Robert R. Hood, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Richard V. Spencer, of Wyoming, to be Secretary of the Navy. Ryan McCarthy, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary of the Army. Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense. Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force. Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.
                                                                        Page S4695 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S4635, S4666 
Executive Communications:                             Page S4666 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S4666–67 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4668–69 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4669–74 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4665–66 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4674–81 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4681 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—182)
                                                                Page S4649 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:47 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, August 2, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4695.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
MAGNUSON-STEVENS FISHERY CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT ACT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine reau-thorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act, focusing on Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Council perspectives, after receiving testimony from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD872 August 1, 2017 
Chris W. Oliver, Assistant Administrator for the National Marine Fisheries Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce; and John M. Quinn, New England Fish-ery Management Council, Dartmouth, Massachusetts. SUPERFUND PROGRAM OVERSIGHT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund program, after receiving testimony from Steven C. Nadeau, Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP, Detroit, Michigan; Jeffery A. Steers, As-sociation of State and Territorial Solid Waste Man-agement Officials, Richmond, Virginia; and Kath-erine N. Probst, McLean, Virginia. AFFORDABLE HOUSING CRISIS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine America’s affordable housing crisis, fo-cusing on challenges and solutions, after receiving testimony from Daniel Garcia-Diaz, Director, Finan-cial Markets and Community Investment, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Grant Whitaker, Utah Housing Corporation, on behalf of the National Council of State Housing Agencies, and Granger MacDonald, National Association of Home Builders, both of Washington, D.C.; Katherine M. O’Regan, New York University Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service Furman Center for Real Es-tate and Urban Policy, New York, New York; and Kirk McClure, University of Kansas School of Public Affairs and Administration Urban Planning Pro-gram, Lawrence. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Stephen B. King, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic, Department of State, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Mental Health and Substance Use, who was introduced by Senator Whitehouse, all of the Department of Health and Human Services, and Je-rome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, who was introduced by Senator Young, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R.3633–3640, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H6584–85 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6585 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Roger Williams (H. Rept. 115–271); and Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Ben Ray Luja´n (H. Rept. 115–272).
                                                                      Page H6584 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Long to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6583 Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Skyline Wesleyan Church, San Diego, CA.
                  Page H6583 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Con-gress—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Ms. Lori Schwartz of Omaha, Nebraska.
                                                     Page H6583 
Election Assistance Commission Board of Advi-sors—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors: Mr. Elliot Berke of Arlington, Virginia.
                                                 Page H6583 
John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Train-ing and Development—Appointment: The Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D873 August 1, 2017 
announced the Speaker’s appointment of the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development for a term of six years: Mrs. Martha Roby of Montgomery, Ala-bama.
                                                                               Page H6583 
Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy—Reappointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Representa-tive Womack.
                                                              Page H6583 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:04 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider the nominations of Rostin Behnam, of New Jersey, Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, and Dawn DeBerry Stump, of Texas, each to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 374, to enable concrete ma-sonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop mar-kets for concrete masonry products, S. 754, to support meeting our Nation’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity education pipeline, S. 1322, to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants, S. 1425, to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S. 1532, to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commer-cial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking, S. 1536, to designate a human traf-ficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safe-ty Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, S. 1586, to require the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere to update periodically the environmental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, S. 1621, to require the Federal Communications Commis-sion to establish a methodology for the collection by the Commission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and the nominations of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, and Brendan Carr, of Vir-ginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Communica-tions Commission, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Sec-retary for Economic Affairs, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Com-mercial Service, all of the Department of Commerce, Ste-ven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Maritime Administration, and Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, all of the Department of Transportation, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine in-creasing water security and drought preparedness through infrastructure, management, and innovation, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation head-quarters consolidation project, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine assessing the Colombia peace process, focusing on the way forward in United States-Co-lombia relations; to be immediately followed by a full committee hearing to examine the nomination of Doug Manchester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Com-monwealth of The Bahamas, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on the Authorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration perspectives, 2 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, and Heather L. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD874 August 1, 2017 MacDougall, of Florida, and James J. Sullivan, Jr., of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, 11 a.m., S–216, Capitol. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business meeting to consider S. 154, to amend the Small Business Act to ensure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eligible for disaster relief, S. 650, to amend the Small Business Act to expand tax credit education and training for small businesses that en-gage in research and development, S. 690, to extend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years, S. 929, to improve the HUBZone pro-gram, S. 1038, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to submit to Congress a report on the utilization of small businesses with respect to cer-tain Federal contracts, and S. 1428, to amend section 21 of the Small Business Act to require cyber certification for small business development center counselors, 11 a.m., S–219, Capitol. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D875 August 1, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 139 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 198 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through July 31, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 117 115 . . Time in session ................................... 744 hrs., 49 ′ 543 hrs., 38′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 4,631 6,582 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,104 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 14 29 43 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 177 432 609 Senate bills .................................. 25 11 . . House bills .................................. 17 281 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 7 5 . . House joint resolutions ............... 14 19 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 5 9 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 105 103 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *179 *268 447 Senate bills .................................. 133 1 . . House bills .................................. 21 195 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 23 67 . . Special reports ..................................... 12 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 162 49 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,976 4,319 6,295 Bills ............................................. 1,671 3,632 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 47 116 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 22 76 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 236 495 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 180 206 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 231 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through July 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 311, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 56 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 227 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 28 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 710, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 698 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 12 Air Force nominations, totaling 3,081, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,074 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 7 Army nominations, totaling 5,429, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,179 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 250 Navy nominations, totaling 2,091, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,671 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 420 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,311, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,310 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,933 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 11,988 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 917 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 28 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD876 August 1, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, August 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will resume consider-ation of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 1 p.m., Friday, August 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 1 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Buck, Ken, Colo., E1108 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1107 Fortenberry, Jeff, Nebr., E1108 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1107 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1107 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1108 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1108 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1108 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1108, E1109 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1107 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1107 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01AU7.REC D01AUPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with DIGEST