Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7893 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 2017 No. 162 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, October 10, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RIAN K. F
ITZPATRICK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
PROTECTING THE PUBLIC HEALTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, going back to the days of Teddy Roosevelt, it has been a bipartisan principle that protecting the public health in Amer-ica’s environment is the sacred obliga-tion of all of us who have the honor to serve this Nation in elective or ap-pointed office. Unfortunately, the Ad-ministrator of the EPA, Mr. Scott Pru-itt, didn’t get that memo. Yesterday, Mr. Pruitt announced that he is precipitously going to strike down the Clean Power Plan rule some-time later today, which will turn the clock back in this country in terms of trying to get our arms around the issue of rising carbon emissions that sci-entists from across all sectors have universally recognized are causing ris-ing sea temperature, rising sea levels, affecting climate, and clearly are linked to manmade carbon emissions that have been tracked for decades going back in time. Mr. Pruitt’s argument is based on the discredited view that carbon pollution does not fall under the Clean Air Act, which is what the last administration was proceeding on when they actually designed the Clean Power Plan rule. The facts are these: In 1963, this Congress passed the Clean Air Act. It was signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson and has been amended a number of times on a bipartisan basis to strengthen and en-hance the protections that were built into that law when it was, again, en-acted many years ago. In fact, in 1990, George Herbert Walker Bush signed the last update and upgrade to the Clean Air Act, which is exactly what the prior administration was proceeding under when they designed the rule. The Supreme Court has weighed in on this question about whether or not greenhouse gases are covered under the Clean Air Act. In 2007, in Massachu-setts v. EPA, a Republican-majority Court ruled in favor of the fact that greenhouse gases are in fact covered under the statutory umbrella of the Clean Air Act. This is what the Court said: 
Because greenhouse gases fit well within the Clean Air Act’s capacious definition of ‘‘air pollutant,’’ we hold that EPA has the statutory authority to regulate the emission of such gases. 
In 2014, the Court reenforced that rul-ing in a decision written by Antonin Scalia, the godfather of conservative lawyers all across this country, which reiterated the fact that greenhouse gases emitted from power plants are, in fact, subject to the scope and authority of the Clean Air Act. Unfortunately, today, the EPA Ad-ministrator is completely striking down that important advance in terms of protecting the public health of this country and putting nothing in place. There is no alternative that Mr. Pruitt is putting out there in terms of trying to get this country to move forward on clean power. It is unfortunate because, as the International Energy Agency an-nounced this morning, for the first time ever, solar energy production now surpasses any other form of power pro-duction in the world. The same thing is happening here in the U.S. because of the renewable energy tax credits. In my State of Connecticut, renew-able energy solar panel jobs far exceed any other power production job in the State. We are seeing an incredible pro-liferation of people installing panels on their homes and businesses. The U.S. Navy in Groton, Con-necticut, now has solar panels on all Navy housing as well as a solar field to power the Nation’s oldest submarine base, which is there. The decision by Mr. Pruitt is not a pro-growth, pro-economic decision. It is simply responding, unfortunately, to political forces that drove this admin-istration to power from the fossil fuel industry. The only saving grace of Mr. Pruitt’s order is that he allows a large and long public comment period for the people of this country who do care about clean air and who do care about our environ-ment to weigh in on this reckless deci-sion that turns the clock back for pub-lic health and safety and for our econ-omy. That is where the growth is going to be, in renewables, and not power production of the past. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10OC7.000 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7894 October 10, 2017 
It is not a war on coal. Coal produc-tion is not singled out in the Clean Power Plan regulations. But what it does say is that any plant, whether it is coal, natural gas, or solar panels, you have got to address the question of carbon emissions. You don’t get to produce that power and then leave a mess behind you. That is a very simple principle that I think every American can understand. Unfortunately, it is about to be torpedoed by the EPA Administrator, who, by the way, was in the courtroom trying to argue against this in the courts back in 2014 and came out on the losing decision. I guess he got his revenge not just on the Court but, un-fortunately, all of us who have to live with this terrible rule. Mr. Speaker, again, let’s reverse that decision. Let’s move toward the future with a type of power that will protect the environment and grow jobs. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TROOPER TIMOTHY O’NEILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a fallen hero. Tragically, Michigan State Trooper Timothy O’Neill made the ultimate sacrifice in an on-duty motorcycle accident. I rise to offer my support and love to Trooper O’Neill’s friends, family, and all who were fortunate enough to know him. As the proud parent of a police of-ficer, I can only imagine the pain you must feel. Words are inadequate at such a time of sorrow, but please know you are in my prayers. Trooper O’Neill was known by his friends, fiancee, and family for his sense of humor, compassion for ani-mals, and deep love for his family. He is also remembered for his commit-ment to bettering our community and our safety. I ask my colleagues and all those watching to join me in a prayer for Trooper O’Neill; his fiancee, Carli Hicks; parents, Kristine and Michael O’Neill; siblings, Sara O’Neill and Brian O’Neill; and his entire family. May God bless them all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF THELONIOUS MONK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of the most innovative jazz musicians of all time, the legendary Thelonious Monk. This legend, Mr. Speaker, was born in my congressional district in the State of North Carolina, and would have turned 100 years old today. Thelonious Sphere Monk was the sec-ond of three children born to Thelonious, Sr., and Barbara Monk on October 10, 1917, in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. Though Monk and his family left Rocky Mount for New York City when Thelonious was a child, scholars and fellow musicians say Monk’s North Carolina roots had an important influence on the man and his music. Writer Sam Stephenson credited Thelonious Monk’s Carolina roots in the ‘‘Oxford American,’’ writing that Rocky Mount’s flourishing tobacco cul-ture and rail yard was one of the larg-est in all of the South the year Monk was born. Stephenson speculated those railways may have inspired Monk’s composition ‘‘Little Rootie Tootie,’’ which features train whistle sounds. Mr. Speaker, incidentally, the city of Rocky Mount, North Carolina, is di-vided between two counties, Nash County and Edgecombe County. The railroad in that community is the di-viding line. Every day, the CSX and Amtrak trains come through that community. They have been doing that for a very long time. Those train tracks were first established in 1855, even before the Civil War. It was established as the Wilmington to Weldon Railroad. It was the longest railroad in the entire world, consisting of more than 160 miles of track. It came through Mr. Monk’s hometown. Thelonious Monk began studying classical piano at the age of 11 and showed an early aptitude for the in-strument. By the time he was 13 years old, he had won the weekly amateur competition at the Apollo Theater so many times that management banned him from reentering the contest there in Harlem. In 1941, Monk began working at Minton’s Playhouse in Harlem, where he joined the house band and helped de-velop the school of jazz known as bebop. Alongside fellow jazz greats Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, Eubie Blake, and Ruble Blakey, Monk honed his fast and often improvised style that would later become synonymous with modern jazz. Thelonious Monk’s first known re-cording was made in 1944, when he worked as a member of the Coleman Hawkins Quartet. Monk did not record under his own name, however, until 1947, when he played as the leader of a sextet session for Blue Note. In 1947, he married Nellie Smith, his longtime sweetheart. Two children were born to the marriage, whom they named after Monk’s parents, Thelonious and Barbara. In 1952, Monk signed a contract with Prestige Records, which produced pieces like ‘‘Smoke Gets in Your Eyes’’ and ‘‘Bags’ Groove,’’ which he recorded with Miles Davis in 1954. In 1956, Mr. Speaker, Monk released his third album, ‘‘Brilliant Corners,’’ which is considered by many to be his first true masterpiece. In 1957, the Thelonious Monk Quar-tet, which included John Coltrane, began performing regularly, with tours across the United States and Europe. By 1964, Monk was popular with the mainstream audience and became one of the four jazz musicians ever to grace the cover of Time magazine. The years that followed included sev-eral overseas tours, but by the early 1970s, Monk was ready to give it up. He was ready to retire from the limelight. After battling illnesses for several years, Monk passed away from a stroke in 1982. Finally, Thelonious Monk, Mr. Speaker, has since been inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame and the Grammy Hall of Fame, added to the Library of Congress’ National Recording Registry, awarded a Pulitzer Prize, and featured on a United States postage stamp. Thelonious Monk left a legacy as one of the originators of modern jazz music. That is why the city of Rocky Mount is so proud of their native son. They celebrated this past weekend in various places throughout the city honoring and celebrating the life of this great musician. I ask my colleagues to join me today in paying tribute to an outstanding artist, Thelonious Monk, as his family; the residents of Rocky Mount, North Carolina; and the country prepare to celebrate his 100th birthday. f 
BEAU BIDEN FOUNDATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the formation of a partnership between the Beau Biden Foundation and Doylestown Health, which will clear the way for ef-forts to prevent, recognize, and react appropriately to child sexual abuse in our community. This critical program will be funded through the generous support of the Cowhey Family ShopRite in War-minster and will train local medical staff in the Darkness to Light’s Stew-ards of Children course utilizing online education tools. There is no doubt that because of the compassionate efforts of these organi-zations, the Beau Biden Foundation, Doylestown Health, and the Cowhey Family ShopRite in Warminster, Bucks County, children will be safer and our community stronger. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong sup-port of this vital new partnership and all efforts to protect our society’s most vulnerable. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTOPHER WARD , SR. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a lifelong Levit-town resident, Christopher Ward, Sr., who passed away suddenly last month. Born in Bristol, Pennsylvania, Chris became an accomplished businessman and a true pillar of our community. With all his success, he strongly sup-ported local small businesses and al-ways rooted for the underdog. People in Levittown will remember Chris as the co-owner of Bailey’s Bar & 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.002 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7895 October 10, 2017 
Grille and Bailey’s Plaza. But to his friends, employees, family, and all those who had the pleasure of truly knowing him, Chris was a humble, kind, selfless man with a loving, caring heart. He loved to make everyone laugh with his unique sense of humor, but what made him the happiest was being ‘‘Chocolate Pop-Pop’’ and spend-ing time with his family. Mr. Speaker, Chris strove to be the very best father, son, grandfather, uncle, and brother. He will be sorely missed by our entire community. b1215 
DYSAUTONOMIA AWARENESS MONTH  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize October as Dysautonomia Awareness Month. ‘‘Dysautonomia’’ is a general term used to address any disease that aggra-vates the autonomic nervous system, adversely affecting the body’s involun-tary functions. There are many types of dysautonomia, which can lead to other devastating illnesses, including Parkinson’s disease and lupus. Dysautonomia afflicts nearly 70 mil-lion people of all ages worldwide, in-cluding constituents in my district like Liz Kennerley. While there is no cure, there are many treatments to improve quality of life, including medications and lifestyle changes. This month, we work to spread awareness of dysautonomia through education, community events, and lob-bying, and we inspire family, friends, and neighbors to get involved and to take action. It is necessary that communities hold events for spreading the word about dysautonomia and for funding research to find a cure. It is on us to educate the public about this illness and to race towards a cure. 
f 
UNFAIRLY WITHHOLDING TEACH-ERS’ SOCIAL SECURITY BENE-FITS EARNED THROUGH SEC-ONDARY EMPLOYMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent thousands of teach-ers across west Texas who have dedi-cated their careers to educating and preparing our children for the future. As a former member of the Midland Independent School Board, I under-stand the impact these selfless individ-uals have on our communities. Unfor-tunately, we honor their service to our communities by unfairly withholding Social Security benefits that they have earned through secondary employment. While this policy, known as the wind-fall elimination provision, was well-in-tended, it has proven to be ill-con-ceived. Many educators have been harmed by the unintended con-sequences that have created uncer-tainty and put a damper on the other-wise joyous occasion of retirement. It is imperative that we solve this issue and give our Texas teachers the ability to collect the Social Security benefits that they deserve. I remain committed to working with my col-leagues in the House to find a fair and equitable resolution to this issue to en-sure that our educators have access to the Social Security benefits and pen-sions they most certainly have earned. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
OHMERT ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. While Members come to the end of a long weekend of constituent visits, bless them and those with whom they consult among those they represent with wisdom, patience, and generosity as they seek law and policy that bene-fits not only local interests but, where possible, the greater common good of our country. We again ask You to impel those who possess power here in the Capitol to be mindful of those Americans who pos-sess little or no power, most especially in these days those recovering in Puer-to Rico. Finally, we are mindful of yet an-other natural disaster unfolding in California, with massive wildfires. We ask You to protect those who combat these fires and comfort those who have or will lose their homes and posses-sions. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BLUMENAUER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 5, 2017. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Upon further discus-sion with my family, I have made the deci-sion to resign my position as Member of the House of Representatives for Pennsylvania’s 18th Congressional District, effective Octo-ber 21, 2017. I am grateful for the opportunity to have served the people of southwestern Pennsyl-vania and to have worked with the talented and dedicated men and women of the United States Congress. Sincerely, T
IMMURPHY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 5, 2017. D
EAR GOVERNOR WOLF: This letter serves to inform you I am resigning my position as Member of the House of Representatives for Pennsylvania’s 18th Congressional District effective October 21, 2017. Sincerely, T
IMMURPHY . f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the many women who have lost their lives to breast cancer and those who have survived. As you know, October is Breast Can-cer Awareness Month. In order to pre-vent additional loss of life, it is essen-tial that women educate themselves on prevention and receive regular screenings. In 2008, I cosponsored legislation sup-porting the observance of Breast Can-cer Awareness Month, in part, to help get the message out that this disease can and does kill men and women of all ages. According to the American Cancer Society, since 2007, death rates in older women with breast cancer are decreas-ing, yet death rates in women under the age of 50 are steady. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all women watching to get screened regularly for this devastating disease. 
f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, domestic violence is a scourge. Its physical and psychological effects have lifelong consequences for survivors, their families, and their children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.004 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7896 October 10, 2017 
I appreciate South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster and Attorney General Alan Wilson, both of whom who are working hard to stop domestic violence in our State, encouraged by Laura Hudson of the Crime Victims’ Council. The Governor issued a statewide proc-lamation that designates October as Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Attorney General Wilson’s 20th an-nual Silent Witness ceremony, which he held last week, honored the past year’s victims of domestic violence at the statehouse. Specifically, the South Carolina Office of the Attorney General works to combat domestic violence through the STOP Violence Against Women program, dedicated to pro-viding representation to victims of do-mestic violence and raising awareness of the issue; also, with the Pro Bono program, dedicated to providing pro bono legal representation in prosecu-tion of domestic violence cases. Eliminating domestic violence should be something we fight for dur-ing the month of October and every day of the year. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, the last time Congress passed funda-mental tax reform, I was 7 years old. It is long past time that our broken Tax Code is fixed and our country gets back on a path to robust and sustained eco-nomic growth. As we consider tax reform legisla-tion, we should look to my home State of Indiana for inspiration. During my time as a State senator, Indiana low-ered business taxes by nearly 50 per-cent, and rates are scheduled to fall even further in the coming years. By 2022, the Hoosier State will have the third lowest corporate tax rate in the Nation. At the same time, Indiana has removed many special interest loopholes and carve-outs to make the system simple and fair for all Hoosier taxpayers. According to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, Indiana has the eighth best business tax climate in the coun-try, a number that will only get better as tax rates continue to go down. The results speak for themselves: In-diana has an unemployment rate below 4 percent, strong economic growth, a AAA credit rating, and a $1.8 billion surplus in the bank. Lower taxes combined with sim-plicity and fairness—this is the model that we need to embrace if our country is going to return to sustained 3 per-cent and greater growth. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS WEEK (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the tre-mendous impact forests have on our rural economies and natural environ-ment nationwide. Next week is Na-tional Forest Products Week. In Arkansas, we know that growing and sustaining jobs in forest commu-nities begins with ensuring that work-ing forests continue to thrive. Most working forests—over 70 percent—are privately owned by families, small and large businesses, and an increasingly broad array of Americans who invest in forest ownership. When forest owners have confidence in their ability to manage and sell their timber productively, they will continue to grow and invest in forests and provide the foundation for the rest of the forest products supply chain. Federal policies have a significant im-pact on the long-term economic and environmental benefits we derive from these working forests and the liveli-hoods of those who own and manage them. The forest products industry rep-resents a key economic driver for rural economies nationwide, totaling nearly $92.8 billion in GDP. In my home State of Arkansas, environmentally friendly forestry-related businesses support more than 62,000 jobs, with more than $2.4 billion in annual payroll. A strong marketplace for forest prod-ucts helps keep rural America em-ployed and U.S. forests robust. These healthy forests, in turn, provide crucial habitat for species, filter America’s drinking water, sequester carbon, and provide outdoor recreation opportuni-ties for the public. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 10, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 10, 2017, at 9:48 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 692. That the Senate passed S. 1103. That the Senate passed S. 1595. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COMER ) at 5 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT RYAN SCOTT OSTROM POST OFFICE Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1858) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4514 Williamson Trail in Lib-erty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1858 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAFF SERGEANT RYAN SCOTT OSTROM POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
OMEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1858 introduced by Congressman M
ARINO from Pennsylvania. The bill names the Liberty, Pennsylvania, Post Office at 4514 Williamson Trail the Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office in honor of Staff Sergeant Ostrom, who, in 2005, was killed in the line of duty in Iraq. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.007 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7897 October 10, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation to rename the Liberty, Pennsylvania, post office after Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom. Ryan was born on September 23, 1979, in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania, where he attended Liberty High School. While in high school, Ryan excelled in soccer, basketball, and baseball—serving as the captain for the soccer and basket-ball teams. After graduating from high school, he attended Mansfield University and pursued a degree in education science. Ryan planned to become a teacher and a coach to help young people become successful students, athletes, and lead-ers within the community. However, just months before Ryan was set to graduate from college, his National Guard unit was deployed to Iraq. While serving his country in Iraq, Ryan made the ultimate sacrifice, as he was killed in action on August 9, 2005. Ryan enlisted in the Pennsylvania Army National Guard in 1997, serving with Company B, First Battalion 109th in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. Ryan was an accomplished soldier with a bevy of previous accomplishments and commendations. During his time enlisted, Ryan earned a Purple Heart, Combat Infor-mation Badge, Gold Star, Armed Serv-ice Ribbon, and numerous other awards that gave Ryan the recognition he de-served for his heroic years of service. Beyond these awards, Ryan also took advantage of what the military had to offer, graduating from the U.S. Army Europe Primary Leadership Develop-ment Course, which furthered his abil-ity to lead both on deployment and in the communities about which he cared so deeply. While Ryan will always be remem-bered for his valor and his years of military service, he will also be re-membered for what he brought to the communities of which he was a part. In his free time, Ryan could be found playing Monday night basketball with his friends at home and was an active member of the Eagle Base basketball team during his deployment. Staff Sergeant Ryan Ostrom prioritized the world around him—his country, his community, his family— all over himself. His years of service and his record speak for themselves, but beyond that, Ryan made a positive impact as a friend and a role model wherever he was. He was a soldier and leader on his de-ployments and an active member of the community back home in Wellsboro. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all Members support this legislation to honor Ryan by renaming the Liberty Post Office as the Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 1858, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office. Born in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania, in 1979, Mr. Ostrom graduated from high school and then joined the Pennsyl-vania Army National Guard while be-ginning his studies at Mansfield Uni-versity. A sports lover, Ryan could fre-quently be found playing and coaching basketball in his free time. In 2002, Ryan joined his father, Scott Ostrom, on a peacekeeping mission in Bosnia, and he later deployed to Iraq with the 109th Infantry Regiment. Staff Sergeant Ryan Ostrom trag-ically made the ultimate sacrifice in August of 2005, when he sustained fatal wounds from enemy small-arms fire in Iraq. He was, as mentioned, awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Good Conduct Medal, and Combat Infantry-man Badge from the Department of the Army, as well as the Pennsylvania Meritorious Service Medal from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize the bravery and selfless-ness of the honorable service of Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 1858, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill in recognition of Staff Sergeant Ostrom’s sacrifice to our Nation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1858. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SPECIALIST JEFFREY L. WHITE, JR. POST OFFICE Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 452) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 452 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIALIST JEFFREY L. WHITE, JR. POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Spe-cialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
OMEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 452 introduced by Congressman L
UETKEMEYER from Missouri. The bill names the Pacific, Missouri, Post Of-fice at 324 West Saint Louis Street the Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office in honor of U.S. Army Specialist White, who, in 2012, was killed in ac-tion in an IED attack in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I now yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 452, legis-lation to designate the United States Postal Service facility located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office. U.S. Army Specialist White grew up in Catawissa, Missouri, with his par-ents, Jeff and Paula White, and his brothers, Michael and Kyle. He grad-uated from Pacific High School in 2008, and enlisted in the Army in October of 2009. Specialist White served our country honorably as a member of the First Battalion, 501st Airborne, Fourth Bri-gade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Divi-sion, Joint Base Elmendorf-Richard-son, Alaska, unit. Specialist White deployed for Af-ghanistan in December 2011, and after serving our country bravely, he gave his life for our country when an IED detonated near his unit on April 3, 2012, roughly one week before he was sched-uled to return to the United States. Specialist White was a highly deco-rated servicemember. His awards and medals include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Bronze Service Star, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.011 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7898 October 10, 2017 
Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Rib-bon, and the NATO Medal, among many others. As an avid sports fan, White shared my love of the St. Louis Cardinals. He witnessed their 2011 World Series Championship win shortly before his deployment and was planning to attend opening day in 2012. Specialist White was honored by the Cardinals, who in-vited his family to raise the 2011 World Championship flag on opening day in his memory. Specialist White was an upstanding citizen and beloved by his family, friends, and community. Hundreds of individuals lined the streets in the pouring rain to honor his final journey home and memorial service. We can never fully express our thanks to our military and their fami-lies. Their service and sacrifice for this country goes beyond a level of bravery most people have never seen. While the naming of this post office is not nearly enough to honor Jeffery White, nor will it heal the pain felt each day and every day by the family he left he behind, it is my sincere hope each time the Whites and folks in the Pacific commu-nity pass by this building they are re-minded of how grateful and how proud we are to call Specialist White one of our own. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Missouri delegation and Pacific community for their support of this designation, and I ask every Member of the House to join us in honoring our hometown hero, Jeffery L. White, Jr. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 452, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office. A native of Missouri, Jeffrey White, Jr. graduated from Pacific High School in 2008, and joined the United States Army. After graduating from basic and advanced training at Fort Benning, Georgia, Specialist White was assigned to the 25th Infantry Division at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. He deployed to Afghanistan in 2011, and tragically lost his life in April of 2012, after insurgents attacked his unit with an improvised explosive device. Specialist White was just 21 years old. Specialist White is remembered for his love of the St. Louis Cardinals, as well as his distinguished service, for which he received many awards, in-cluding a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart. b1715 As an avid Dodgers fan, I think Spe-cialist White would get a kick out of the fact that I am here and that the St. Louis Cardinals are still beating the Dodgers. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the life of Specialist Jeffrey White, Jr., who selflessly sac-rificed his life in defense of his coun-try. I urge the passage of H.R. 452, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill in recognition of Specialist White’s sacrifice to our Nation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 452. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
JANET CAPELLO POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2254) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2254 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JANET CAPELLO POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Of-fice Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
OMEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2254, introduced by Congress-man M
IKETHOMPSON from California. The bill designates the post office lo-cated at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the Janet Capello Post Office Building. Janet Capello was a prominent cit-izen in her Vallejo, California, commu-nity. Born in 1935, she served on the city’s Planning Commission, the Civil Service Commission, and the Charter Review Committee, among others. She loved her community, and she gave back in whatever way she could before passing away in 2012. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 2254, a bill to des-ignate the facility of the United States Post Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the Janet Capello Post Office Building. H.R. 2254 was introduced this year by my colleague and friend from Cali-fornia, Mr. THOMPSON . Unfortunately, Mr. T
HOMPSON is unable to be here today, as he has remained in his dis-trict in California this evening to as-sist in wildfire relief and recovery ef-forts. I am, along with the entire House of Representatives, praying for Mr. T
HOMPSON and our fellow Americans in this time of need. A lifelong resident of Vallejo, Cali-fornia, and granddaughter of Italian immigrants, Janet Capello took great pride in her heritage. Her deepest pas-sion was the Sons of Italy, an organiza-tion where she served as a dedicated member of Lodge Number 1626 for over 63 years. She held two of the organization’s most prestigious posts—vice president of the Grand Lodge of California, and Secretary of the United Lodges—and led efforts to bring the group’s scholar-ship program to Vallejo. In doing so, she helped hundreds of young men and women attend college. Ms. Capello oversaw a number of charity efforts, and helped raise thou-sands of dollars each year for Alz-heimer’s research in conjunction with the University of California-Davis. Ms. Capello’s dedication to these causes earned her the Dr. Vincenzo Sellaro Award, the highest honor granted by the Sons of Italy. In addition to these accomplish-ments, Janet Capello was an active participant in local Vallejo politics, serving on the city’s Planning Commis-sion, the Civil Service Commission, and the Charter Review Committee, and others, and was an active member of the St. Vincent Ferrer Catholic Church until her passing in 2012, at the age of 77. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the life of Janet Capello, and recognize the lasting con-tributions she has made to the Vallejo community. I urge the passage of H.R. 2254, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.013 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7899 October 10, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2254. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JOHN FITZGERALD KENNEDY POST OFFICE Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2464) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2464 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JOHN FITZGERALD KENNEDY POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massa-chusetts, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
OMEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2464, introduced by Congress-man S
TEPHEN LYNCH from Massachu-setts. The bill designates the post of-fice located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office. John F. Kennedy was the 35th Presi-dent of the United States. During his tenure, he is possibly most famous for his handling of the Cuban missile cri-sis, preventing a thermonuclear con-flict with the former Soviet Union. This year marks the 100th anniver-sary of President Kennedy’s birth, and we thank him for his service to our Na-tion. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2464, legislation that I introduced back in May of this year to officially designate the United States Postal Service facility located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office. This bill reflects the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s commemoration of the 100th anniver-sary of the birth of President John F. Kennedy this year, otherwise known as the JFK Centennial. I would like to thank our former chairman, Jason Chaffetz of Utah; our current chairman, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. G
OWDY ); the rank-ing member, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. C
UMMINGS ); the chairman of our Subcommittee on Government Op-erations, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ); our ranking member, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ); and all of the Sub-committee on Government Operations for their efforts to move this legisla-tion forward. I would also like to thank the entire Massachusetts House delegation for their effort in sponsoring this measure. H.R. 2464 honors the life and enduring legacy of our Nation’s 35th President, John F. Kennedy, and his impassioned commitment to public service, equal-ity, peace and diplomacy, and ensuring a better quality of life for every Amer-ican. Our special remembrance of President Kennedy this year also af-fords us a distinct opportunity to re-flect on and appreciate his vision and wisdom in the context of the many challenges we are facing as a nation today both at home and abroad. As we grapple with difficult issues ranging from healthcare to economic reform, let us recall President Ken-nedy’s understanding that: ‘‘For one true measure of a nation is its success in fulfilling the promise of a better life for each of its members.’’ And in contemplating issues per-taining to equality and civil rights, we would be wise to remember President Kennedy’s advancement of the prin-ciple that the rights of every person are diminished when the rights of one person are threatened. As we continue to address matters of contention with adversarial nations, we must bear in mind President Ken-nedy’s admonition and foresight that ‘‘civility is not a sign of weakness, and sincerity is always subject to proof.’’ In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to also thank my colleague and friend, Congressman J
OSEPH KENNEDY from the Fourth District of Massachusetts, for his work on this legislation as well. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 2464. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from California aware that I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill in recognition of President Kennedy’s sacrifice for our Nation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2464. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ENDY NDDIOBONG EKPANYA POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 294) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Build-ing’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 294 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ENDY NDDIOBONG EKPANYA POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
OMEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.017 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7900 October 10, 2017 
b1730 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 294, in-troduced by Congressman P
ETEOLSON  of Texas. The bill names the Pearland, Texas, Post Office, located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard, as the Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Build-ing in honor of the Pearland police offi-cer who fell in the line of duty in 2015. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), the sponsor of the bill, so that he can explain the bill. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank my friend from Montana for bringing this bill forward this after-noon. Mr. Speaker, this is a great day back home in Pearland, Texas, because right now this House is about to honor a fall-en hero from Pearland, Endy Ekpanya. Endy was born in Nigeria in 1985, the same year I graduated from college. When he was 11, his family left Nigeria to come to America to provide a better life for them. They moved to Long Is-land in 1996. He obtained a degree in psychology and sociology from Hofstra University in New York and later earned his MBA and master’s degree in criminal justice from the University of Maryland. The call to serve his country and his community never left Endy, which is why, after moving to Pearland, Texas, he enrolled in the Alvin Community College Police Academy. He graduated with the 105th class in December of 2015, and he was sworn in as a Pearland police officer 6 months later. In less than 6 months after December of 2015, his time with us was cut short just 2 days before his 31st birthday. At approximately 4 a.m. on the morning of June 12, 2016, Endy was hit head-on by a drunk driver while responding to an emergency call. He was the first officer to die in Pearland while on duty in over 40 years. Endy’s life embodies the selfless dedi-cation of our law enforcement officials back in Pearland. His sacrifice will never ever be forgotten. That is why I am proud that today this House will pass a bill to name the post office at 2700 Cullen Boulevard after Endy. It will be a source of great pride for our local community and will ensure that his sacrifice is remembered for genera-tions to come. This small gesture can’t make up for the loss of Endy’s life. The grief his wife, his young son, and his parents have will never go away. The Pearland community has suffered, but this small gesture is a testament to Endy’s com-mitment to protect and serve. It will be an inspiration for future generations to strive to improve their community just like Endy did in his short time with us. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 294, a bill to des-ignate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 2700 Cullen Bou-levard in Pearland, Texas, as the Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office. Endy Ekpanya reflected the best of America. Born in Nigeria in 1985, Endy immigrated to the United States in 1996. Here, he obtained U.S. citizenship, a college education, and two master’s degrees. Endy’s deep love of family and com-munity inspired him to join the police force so he could help those in need. He hoped that his hard work in the class-room and the field would help him be a role model for his young son, Julian. As a rookie member of the Pearland Police Department, Officer Ekpanya took his duty to protect his commu-nity seriously but always found a way to brighten his fellow officers’ days. Tragically, on June 1, 2016, Officer Ekpanya was killed when a drunk driv-er struck his police cruiser as he was responding to a call. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Officer Endy Ekpanya’s dedi-cation to his education, family, and community, and to remember the sac-rifices he made while working to pro-tect those he loved. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 294, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill in recognition of Officer Ekpanya’s sacrifice to our Nation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 294. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JAVIER VEGA, JR. MEMORIAL ACT OF 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1617) to designate the checkpoint of the United States Border Patrol lo-cated on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, as the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Border Patrol Checkpoint’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1617 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Memorial Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) A native of La Feria, Texas, Border Pa-trol Agent Javier Vega, Jr., served his coun-try first a member of the United States Ma-rines Corps and then proudly as a border pa-trol agent in the canine division with his dog, Goldie. (2) Agent Vega was assigned to the Kingsville, Texas, Border Patrol Station as a canine handler and worked primarily at the Sarita Border Patrol Checkpoint. (3) On August 3, 2014, Agent Vega was on a fishing trip with his family near Raymondville, Texas, when 2 criminal aliens attempted to rob and attack them. (4) Agent Vega was shot and killed while attempting to subdue the assailants and pro-tecting his family. (5) Agent Vega is survived by his wife, par-ents, 3 sons, brother, sister-in-law, niece, and dog, Goldie. SEC. 3. DESIGNATION. 
The checkpoint of the United States Bor-der Patrol located on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Bor-der Patrol Checkpoint’’. 
SEC. 4. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the checkpoint described in section 3 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Border Patrol Check-point’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on S. 1617. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Javier Vega, Jr. Memorial Act of 2017 would designate the Border Patrol checkpoint on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, as the Javier Vega, Jr. Border Patrol Checkpoint. After serving his country honorably as a United States Marine, Agent Vega joined the United States Border Patrol in 2008. During his time in the United States Border Patrol, he served as a ca-nine handler and was involved in 42 sei-zures of narcotics and 38 separate cases involving the apprehension of 238 ille-gal immigrants. He was a man of honor and duty, a man who loved his family, and a man who would give his life in service to his country. On August 3, 2014, in Raymondville, Texas, Agent Vega took his wife, three children, and parents out for a day of fishing. While fishing with his family, two illegal immigrants attempted to rob them. These illegal immigrants had been deported multiple times for various crimes. Law enforcement believed they had conducted a string of similar rob-beries at the behest of a Mexican car-tel. Agent Vega sprung into action to de-fend his family. While drawing his fire-arm, Agent Vega was shot in the chest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.021 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7901 October 10, 2017 
His father was also shot and wounded. Though his family did everything pos-sible to help, Agent Vega, tragically, passed away. On September 20, 2016, Border Patrol determined that Agent Vega’s actions were instinctive as a result of his law enforcement training. He did what law enforcement in America does: he put himself in harm’s way. As a result, his death was determined to have been in the line of duty. This bill honors the service of Agent Vega. He made the ultimate sacrifice for his family and his country. Today, the House will name the Border Patrol checkpoint after him where he and his service dog, Goldie, served. Every day, the men and women of the United States Border Patrol put on their uniforms and put their lives on the line to protect America’s borders. Tragically, as we see in the case of Agent Vega, even when spending time with family, they may be called to serve. On Sunday, President Trump un-veiled immigration enforcement poli-cies that will ensure other families will not have to face the devastating loss of a loved one at the hands of an illegal immigrant. I hope Congress can work together to make those proposals a re-ality. I believe it is more than fitting to name this checkpoint after Agent Javier Vega, Jr. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the re-marks of my good friend from Pennsyl-vania, and I, too, rise in support of S. 1617, a bill to designate the checkpoint of the United States Border Patrol lo-cated on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, as the Javier Vega, Jr. Border Patrol Checkpoint. Javier Vega, Jr., was killed in the line of duty on August 3, 2014, while trying to stop a criminal act and try-ing to protect his family in Raymondville, Texas. While fishing with his wife, with his children, and with his parents, two men approached him and tried to rob his family. Agent Vega attempted to stop the robbery by drawing his gun, and we know that Border Patrol agents may carry their guns when they are off duty because they are law enforcement offi-cials. He was shot in the chest. Agent Vega was rushed to the hospital after he was shot but died soon thereafter. It was determined that Agent Vega was aware of a pattern of robberies in the area due to his role as a Border Pa-trol agent and that he identified him-self as an agent before he was fatally shot. The U.S. Border Patrol consid-ered those facts and later determined that Javier Vega, Jr., was murdered in the line of duty, ensuring that Agent Vega’s name was enshrined at the Cus-toms and Border Protection Valor Me-morial. Agent Vega was a U.S. Marine vet-eran and had served with the United States Border Patrol for 6 years before his untimely death. He served his coun-try with honor and distinction. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation honoring the life and death of Javier Vega, Jr., by naming this checkpoint after him. I urge my col-leagues to pass S. 1617, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1617. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 44 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 585, DR. CHRIS KIRKPATRICK WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM OCTOBER 16, 2017, THROUGH OCTOBER 20, 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES MR. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–345) on the resolution (H. Res. 562) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whis-tleblower protections for Federal em-ployees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and in-creased accountability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, and for other purposes; providing for pro-ceedings during the period from Octo-ber 16, 2017, through October 20, 2017; and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 1858, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 2464, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. f 
STAFF SERGEANT RYAN SCOTT OSTROM POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1858) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4514 Williamson Trail in Lib-erty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 397, nays 0, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 558] YEAS—397 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.023 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7902 October 10, 2017 
Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—36 
Beatty Bridenstine Cleaver Davis (CA) Denham DesJarlais Espaillat Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Huffman Johnson (OH) Knight Labrador Long McCarthy Nadler Pingree Quigley Renacci Rohrabacher Rouzer Shimkus Smucker Thompson (CA) Thornberry Titus Tsongas Valadao Visclosky Walden Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1852 Messrs. VARGAS and ELLISON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 558. f 
JOHN FITZGERALD KENNEDY POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2464) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 0, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 559] YEAS—395 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—38 
Beatty Blackburn Bridenstine Butterfield Denham DesJarlais Espaillat Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Huffman Johnson (OH) Knight Labrador Lawrence Long McCarthy Nadler Pingree Quigley Renacci Rohrabacher Rouzer Shimkus Smucker Taylor Thompson (CA) Thornberry Titus Tsongas Valadao Visclosky Walden Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10OC7.009 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7903 October 10, 2017 
b1901 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 559. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, Oc-tober 10, I missed two votes to attend to con-stituent business in my district. Had I been present for the day’s vote series, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 558, the passage of H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’; and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 559, the pas-sage of H.R. 2464, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massa-chusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE MIAMI LIGHT-HOUSE FOR THE BLIND LEARN-ING CENTER AND PRE-K PRO-GRAM (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Miami Light-house for the Blind on its new Light-house Learning Center and Pre-K pro-gram. The Miami Lighthouse has served south Florida since 1931, offering life- changing programs and resources for those who have visual impairments. President Virginia Jacko and her staff are making history once again with the Lighthouse Learning Center. The Miami Lighthouse is partnering with Miami-Dade County Public Schools to provide a comprehensive learning program for pre-K students using an evidence-based curriculum to support and empower visually impaired students to achieve their potential. Children in this program will receive the training they need to perform at the same level as their sighted peers by the time they enroll in school. Mr. Speaker, it fills me with great pride to recognize Virginia Jacko and the entire staff at the Miami Light-house for the Blind for their tireless work in launching this wonderful learning center in the heart of Little Havana, located in my congressional district. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO REAUTHORIZE CHIP FUNDING (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, since 1997, the Children’s Health In-surance Program, or CHIP, has pro-vided low-cost health insurance for millions of children across the United States of America. Unfortunately, in another apparent sabotage to our Nation’s healthcare system, Congress failed to reauthorize CHIP funding before it expired on Sep-tember 30. Without immediate action, States will soon have to curtail care for our neediest children. In my home State of Illinois, alone, over 295,000 children rely on CHIP for everything from routine checkups to immunizations. Congress’ continued failure to reauthorize this critical pro-gram is jeopardizing the well-being of millions of America’s children. Congress will be going into recess again next week without taking any action to reauthorize this bipartisan and essential program for children. Meanwhile, millions of kids could go without care because of our failure to act. We must do better. f 
MICHIGAN’S UPPER PENINSULA CELEBRATES 40 YEARS OF COM-MUNITY REVITALIZATION (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate 40 years of commu-nity revitalization in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. When Kincheloe Air Force Base closed in 1977, a renewal of the Saulte Ste. Marie community began as it transitioned from military to civilian use. These 40 years stand as a testa-ment to the hard work and resilience of the folks of Chippewa County, who have overcome the job loss and revenue loss associated with Kincheloe’s clos-ing. The transition from military to civil-ian is not always an easy one, but I am proud to represent a region that has re-mained focused on investing in the fu-ture of our communities. On this anni-versary, we not only celebrate our cur-rent successes, but we also remember the contributions of our past. Kincheloe Air Force Base played a significant role in shaping our national defense and making our community into what it is today. We are forever grateful to the Chippewa County com-munity for preserving that history throughout these 40 years. 
f 
TRUMP RAMPS UP DEMANDS FOR NEW DACA DEAL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I join with my colleague from Illinois and demand that the Children’s Health Insurance Program that will help mil-lions of children have healthcare be re-authorized now, and certainly it should be done before we leave for the work recess. I also want to hold up the headline of the Houston Chronicle that says: ‘‘Trump Ramps Up Demands for New DACA Deal.’’ Sometimes we think that these are just statements that don’t impact peo-ple’s lives. The name of the young lady on this front page is Karen, who watch-es her parents work 17 hours a day, try-ing to ensure that the children who came here through no fault of their own can be contributing Americans. We stood together yesterday with 122,000 in the State of Texas. We thought we had a reasonable deal to be able to work together to help these young people. But with the ridiculous demands that have been made by this administration—$15 billion border wall, cutting legal immigration, sending out the door unaccompanied children—it is absolutely ludicrous. Does anyone care about human life. Then we stood together with the chief of police, the sheriff, the con-stables, and Moms Demand Action and fought against ridiculous nonregula-tion of guns that can kill people, mili-tary guns. We need gun safety legisla-tion, and we need to do it now. f 
THE VIETNAM WAR MEMORIAL TRAVELING WALL VISITS CEN-TRE COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, I had the opportunity to participate in both the opening and the closing ceremonies for the traveling version of the Viet-nam War Memorial Wall. The traveling wall was in State College last Thurs-day through Sunday, and it was a truly moving experience for all those who visited. The theme for Centre County was ‘‘Welcome Home.’’ We all know that in many instances, our Vietnam veterans did not receive a warm welcome home when they returned from war. This is a scar on our history and one that we are working to heal. The traveling wall serves as a re-minder of the efforts to promote lib-erty and freedom that our Vietnam veterans put forth. It finally recognizes their struggles and thanks them for their service after years of underappre-ciation. Mr. Speaker, the wall tells the story of so many Americans. They were sons and daughters. They were our friends and our neighbors. They are American heroes. It is never too late to honor our vet-erans to ensure that they receive the recognition that they deserve. 
f 
RELIEF EFFORT IN PUERTO RICO AFTER HURRICANE MARIA (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.028 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7904 October 10, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, what a privilege it has been for me to know and do my best to help community leaders in Lorain, Ohio, who have been engaged in the Puerto Rican relief ef-fort following Hurricane Maria. Lorain Councilman Angel Arroyo, along with many of our constituents, have been organizing local shipments to Puerto Rico. Last week, working with celebrities like Bravo TV star Bethenny Frankel, Councilman Arroyo helped arrange seven truckloads of aid that were flown in on a private charter airplane. Human stories from relatives across that vast region focused on the tragic lack of aid, especially within the vast interior parts of that island. Our dis-trict has the largest concentration of Puerto Ricans in Ohio, and families are very worried. FEMA is not doing its job, and the Trump administration should get an F for all of the citizens of this country that are being left behind. Victor Leandry of the Lorain-based nonprofit El Centro noted that his sis-ter and brother-in-law live in a smaller city, Ponce, and, as of this weekend, they still had no power. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from a constituent’s family member detail-ing the dire situation: no water, no electricity, no radio contact, with fam-ilies’ life savings destroyed, their crops and their land as well. We need to address the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. What is hap-pening there is un-American. The Trump administration better wake up and help the citizens of this country. 
Hi My parents live in Lares Puerto Rico in the Barrio called Palmallanos. November will make two years since they moved back ‘‘home’’. They worked since day one to get their land aka finca to what it was when my grandparents owned the home. They did a great job. They had Banana and Avocado trees. Had just planted roughly 200 coffee trees and couldn’t wait to watch them grow. They had planted different herbs as well as squash and beans. All of that was lost on September 20th when Hurricane Maria ripped straight down the island. I could not get in touch with my parents for two long weeks. Finally I received the call I had been wait-ing for. While my parents are safe and their house is intact, they lost everything on their land. They had some flooding in the home and a shed they had their washer and dryer in had its roof ripped off and flooding. The river that runs through their land rose so much that my dad could not sleep concerned that it would rise to their home. Fortunately it did not, however due to the rains and winds the house did get flooded, but they were able to work for hours nonstop to get the water out. After two weeks they are still without run-ning water, electricity and phone service. They drive 30–40 minutes to get cell Service as well as go get water. They have to take whatever containers they have to fill up. They have received no additional assistance. They went to the market and were lucky enough to get a bag of rice and some canned goods. They have enough propane to have one warm meal a day and the rest of the time they eat whatever they have in cans or other non perishable items. They boil water to drink and shower with rain water. As for eating any dairy or meat, well they haven’t in two weeks. They are concerned to eat any meat they could get from the store for fear of getting sick due to no electricity anywhere and the inability to keep anything cold. When getting gas, they waited in line for 2.5 hours and a letter they had mailed me on 9/24 finally arrived on 10/6. They have not re-ceived mail and are not able to get packages. I asked if they wanted to come and stay with me and my family and they said no. Why? Well, they are afraid of leaving their home due to looting. They want to keep what they have left. I know my parents are strong people, but honestly, I don’t know how much longer any-one in their situation can make it. Prayers for Puerto Rico. SENYKERFONTA . f 
NEIL ‘‘SUDS’’ SUTHERLAND, A DEDICATED FIREFIGHTER FOR 53 YEARS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding con-stituent and volunteer firefighter from the 22nd District, Neil Sutherland, oth-erwise known as ‘‘Suds.’’ Neil has been a member of the Stittville Fire Department since 1965 and fire chief since 1998. Throughout his 53 years of dedicated fire service, Chief Sutherland has led the Stittville Fire Department to become one of the most well-respected departments in the State. Stittville Fire Department is also one of the busiest fire departments in our region, handling over 220 calls a month. Incredibly, Chief Suds Suther-land has responded to 90 percent of those calls. Chief Sutherland is also an active player on the Stittville Volunteer soft-ball team, the undefeated league cham-pions for the past 3 years. Recently, Chief Sutherland was diag-nosed with pancreatic cancer. On Sat-urday, I had the honor of joining our community and the Sutherland family at a beautiful ceremony benefiting Chief Sutherland and his dedication and service to our community. Tragically, medical research shows that firefighters have a much greater risk of contracting cancer due to in-creased exposure to smoke and toxins. Chief Sutherland’s enduring spirit and unwavering commitment to com-munity is an inspiration to us all. I ask everyone to join me in sending our thoughts and our prayers to Chief Sutherland, otherwise lovingly known as ‘‘Suds,’’ and his family during his courageous battle to beat cancer. 
f 
b1915 PRESIDENT TRUMP IS PLAYING A DANGEROUS GAME (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, $15 billion for a wall. I thought Mexico was going to pay for it. Mr. Speaker, President Trump is playing a dangerous game with North Korea. He is playing a dan-gerous game with American lives. The President probably thinks he is being clever when he taunts Kim Jong- un and calls him ‘‘little rocket man.’’ The President probably thinks he is a tough guy when he threatens to rain down fire and fury on North Korea. But the President is not clever, and he is not tough. A clever President would know that peace is preferable to war. A tough President would understand that threatening war with a highly armed, petty dictator makes the United States look weak and risks American lives. President Trump’s saber-rattling could draw the country into nuclear war that no one wants. If the United States is drawn into a war for the President’s ego, people will die, Ameri-cans will die, and thousands, if not mil-lions, of North Koreans will die. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ALTO ‘‘BUD’’ ADAMS, JR. (Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Bud Adams, who passed away at his home on Adams Ranch in Fort Pierce, Florida, on September 22. He was 91 years old. Mr. Adams was a larger-than-life cowboy. He was a fixture in Florida’s agriculture community, and the patri-arch of Adams Ranch, a 4-generation family operation that spans 80 years and spreads across 50,000 acres in Flor-ida in four counties. After serving in the Navy in World War II, Bud began managing Adams Ranch with his father and quickly be-came a legend among Florida cattle-men for innovations like the develop-ment of the Braford breed of beef cat-tle, a breed capable of withstanding Florida’s hot and rainy summers. He has also served as the president of the Florida Cattlemen’s Association and is a member of Florida’s Agricul-tural Hall of Fame. He was an avid outdoor photographer and award-winning conservationist. He has shown a generation of farmers and ranchers and admirers like me that it is possible to work the land while still preserving God’s beauty. Bud is survived by his loving wife, Dot, of 67 years, his three sons, his 14 grandchildren, and his nine great- grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, Florida has lost one of its greatest sons, and it was an honor for me to serve him here in the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.031 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7905 October 10, 2017 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION IS CRITICAL (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the 21st Century AIRR Act. This critical FAA reauthorization of-fers the best possible plan to finally modernize our antiquated air traffic control system. I recently traveled to Ottawa, Can-ada, with congressional colleagues to learn firsthand how Canada’s private air navigation service provider has been efficiently and safely moving 12 million aircraft each year since 1996. This model consistently upgrades and improves air traffic control technology and isn’t subject, as it is in the United States, to onerous government pro-curement rules. It is clear that this system works far better than its U.S. counterpart. These reforms would also benefit the environment, as the updated tech-nology allows for more direct routes. For instance, in Canada, over the last 20 years, this has resulted in 1.4 billion fewer gallons of fuel that have been used just in the last 10 years, and twice that amount in the last 20 years. This needed change has widespread bipartisan support, and it would guar-antee consistent funding for modern-izing our air traffic safety system. 
f 
WE CANNOT REST UNTIL CAITLAN COLEMAN AND HER FAMILY ARE FREE (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, 5 years ago today, Caitlan Coleman, an American citizen from York County, Pennsyl-vania, which I am privileged to rep-resent, was taken hostage by the Haqqani Network, an offshoot of the Taliban, while hiking near the Paki-stan and Afghanistan border. Caitlan has given birth to two boys while in captivity, boys whose only life experience has been that of a hostage and surrounded by violence and fear. I speak with Caitlan’s mom and dad reg-ularly. While my heart breaks for them, as fellow Americans, as a father with children of my own, I am crest-fallen and horrified for them. Caitlan and her family are Ameri-cans. We cannot rest until they are re-leased and returned safely to the arms of the United States. I urge my col-leagues to join me in praying for the safe return of Caitlan, her husband, and her two children, but also for her family and loved ones for whom time stopped 5 years ago. I implore the U.S. State Department to use every resource at our disposal to bring our American citizens home. RECENT DISASTERS THAT HAVE BEFALLEN OUR AMERICAN PEO-PLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things that we need to talk about. Important events are spilling upon Americans, just cas-cading upon us. We could spend hours and, indeed, should spend hours talking about North Korea. We should and will spend hours talking about tax reform, or tax reductions, or serious benefits for the superwealthy in America, and we will talk about that. We will debate that. But what is on my mind right now are the disasters that have befallen our American people. We think about what has happened over the last 11 months— floods on the East Coast, people forced out of their homes as the rivers rose in the Carolinas. We think about California, and the massive floods, and the 200,000 people who were evacuated from their homes in my district. We think about the recent hurricanes as they slammed into Houston, Flor-ida, the Keys; and Hurricane Maria, as that hurricane devastated Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. These trau-matic disasters are now in our mem-ory, but they are also our reality. In California today, in my district, and in my colleague M
IKETHOMPSON ’s district, thousands of homes have been burned to the ground and people have died. These disasters are not new to Amer-ica, and, over the years, we have set up a mechanism to deal with them. That mechanism is the firefighters across this Nation who respond, the emer-gency plans that have been put in place. I know during my period as insurance commissioner in California, I would often arrive at these disasters, some of which go back more than 30 or 40 years, and console people who will have lost their home and attempt to deal with their insurance issues. And I would al-ways remind those who were in the path of these flames, or hurricanes, or tornadoes, to be prepared; that Boy Scout motto: Be Prepared. And now, in California, the same message goes out by the first respond-ers and, indeed, by myself here on the floor of the House of Representatives: Be prepared. Be prepared to evacuate. Think about what it is you need to take ahead of time, those important papers, those scrapbooks, those photo albums, the dog, the cat; and when the time to go arrives, when that message arrives on your cell phone, or on the loud speaker from the police car out in front, obey it. Get out. Get out because you have already prepared. Yes, you should have had that insur-ance policy that you forgot, that flood insurance program. Yes, you should have had it. And all too often, we have to rely upon the generosity of char-ities, and, thankfully, they are there. And we also rely upon the Federal, State and county governments. Today, here in the House of Rep-resentatives, and in the Senate, as well as in the administration, we are begin-ning to gear up for yet another emer-gency appropriation to pay for the re-lief efforts that are underway. It is not going to be enough. It may take care of part of what occurred in Houston, or in Florida, or in the Keys. It is certainly not going to be enough to take care of the devastation in Puerto Rico. And I know, as the fires continue to rage in California, the appropriations that are being discussed, the emer-gency money for FEMA, will not be enough. While we are looking at these disas-ters and the billions upon billions of dollars that will be needed to rebuild the infrastructure, to rebuild the schools and hospitals, to pay the bills for the emergency work that is going on, this House of Representatives, this week, is in the process of trying to fig-ure out how to pass a massive tax cut that will take trillions of dollars of revenue away from the Federal Govern-ment. It is estimated anywhere from $2 tril-lion to $5 trillion, depending upon the details, over the next decade, will not be available for the next disaster. Will it be added to the deficit? Pos-sibly. Will those revenue reductions be bal-anced by cuts to Medicare? Yes. It is already being discussed. It is in the Re-publican budget. Will those $2 trillion to $5 trillion re-ductions in revenue be added to the deficit, or will we cut Medicare? They tried to do it in the Affordable Care Act, now they are coming back with a budget bill that would cause it to hap-pen again—more than $1.5 trillion pulled out of the Medicaid program. And so there will be another disaster, a slow-building disaster of millions of Americans who will not be able to get healthcare. So, added on top of the burden of re-building America, the emergency ap-propriations to pay for the ongoing and past disasters, we need to be aware of the inconsistency of thought that is going on here. We are looking at an appropriation bill to pass something in the range of $15 billion, in addition to the previous $12 billion, which we know will not be sufficient to deal with the existing dis-asters; to say nothing of the billions of dollars that are owed to the counties and States for disasters going back, at least in California, 10 years, where the Federal Government has yet to reim-burse the counties and State for the obligations that the Federal Govern-ment accepted, in some cases, a decade ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.034 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7906 October 10, 2017 
b1930 In the face of all of that, we are going to reduce revenues to the Federal Gov-ernment. Who gets the tax breaks? Well, here is a fact that the Vice President—excuse me, Mr. Speaker, if I might—has suggested in California: that it is the poor that will get the tax break. Not so. They will get a little, to be sure. The middle class is likely to get a tax increase. But the real tax break, the top 1 per-cent get 80 percent of those revenue re-ductions. Eighty percent will flow to the top 1 percent of America’s wealthy. So if you are concerned about income inequality, you better be paying atten-tion. One must wonder: What is the logic of what is happening here? What is the logic? In the face of disasters that have oc-curred, historically, but more recently within the last year—floods in Cali-fornia, floods in the Carolinas, hurri-canes, fires, tornados in the Midwest— in the face of all of that, we are going to massively reduce the ability of the Federal Government to respond. It doesn’t make much sense to me, par-ticularly when the beneficiaries of those tax reductions are the super-wealthy. I think it is 2,500 families in America that would benefit from the elimi-nation of the estate tax—2,000-plus families. It is some $6 billion to $9 bil-lion of revenue lost every year so that 2,000 superwealthy families don’t have to pay an estate tax. What is going on here? 600,000 low-income housing vouchers gone so that they can pass on their wealth to the next generation. Income inequality. In the face of the disasters, we need to stop for a moment as we begin the appropriations process for the FEMA emergency appropriations. We need to stop for a moment and consider the way these two things work together. I was in my district, Davis, Cali-fornia, for an event on Sunday, and I had several students—some of whom are my interns—come to me and say: What are you going to do about the student loans? There is a lot of happy talk around here that we are going to make higher education free. It is a great idea. It used to be that way when we were building the economy, when we knew, if we educated people, we would have a strong, growing economy. But tell me, in the face of a $2 trillion to $5 trillion reduction in the revenues to the Fed-eral Government so that the wealthy can get wealthier, how are we going to ever reduce the cost of education to Americans? I don’t know. Maybe somebody has the answer here. It doesn’t seem clear to me that that could be happening. I am going to introduce a bill again this week—one that I introduced in the last session—that is kind of based upon the fact that Americans across this Na-tion are able to refinance their homes at a lower interest rate. It is a great idea. I have done it. I suspect many of the people who are listening, and cer-tainly many of the Members of Con-gress, have refinanced their home to get a lower interest rate. But if you have a student loan that may have been from 5 or 8 years ago, or you are about to sign a document this fall for a Federally financed student loan, you cannot refinance that. Why? The Federal Government—there is $1.3 trillion of student loans out there. Nearly $900 billion of that $1.3 trillion is owed to the Federal Government. Why don’t we refinance those loans? What if we were to do that? What would it mean to the students out there who are paying 5, 6, 7, 8 percent interest to the Federal Government that is able to go out and borrow money for 10 years at 2 percent? That is a pretty good margin. Even the fat cats on Wall Street can’t have a margin that big, but the Federal Government does. So these students are paying these high interest rates so that the Federal Government can literally profit on their backs. That is a fact. Let’s allow those stu-dents to refinance those student loans. Let’s just see what happens. The Federal Government can borrow money at less than right around 2 per-cent—maybe a little less right now; add a percent for management fees, 3 percent; reduce all of the student loans, $800 billion, $900 billion of stu-dent loans. The government would go out and borrow it at 2 percent for 10 years and tell the students and those who are no longer in school: We are going to allow you to refinance. Take an interest rate that may be half of what you are getting now. By the way, why are we charging a fee to these students so that they could borrow money? Don’t we want them to get an education? Don’t we want them to be able to improve themselves? Yet we require a fee. So let’s elimi-nate the origination fees. It is as though the Federal Govern-ment were some sharks out there deal-ing with home mortgages. No. We are dealing with students and their lives. If we can do this, maybe it is a couple of thousand dollars over the life of that loan that that student can then invest in their life and in their family. These are things that are possible. These are things that we ought to be doing. There is just a lot of happy talk around here: Oh, we are going to make education free. It would be good if we could. We could if we don’t cut the Federal reve-nues by $2 trillion to $5 trillion over the next decade. Eliminate origination fees. Save low-income borrowing. It is all possible. The art of the possible ought to be what we are doing, not the art of enhancing those who are so wealthy already. I am going to paraphrase a fellow that is pretty important in American history. FDR said something like this: The measure of our success is not that we do more for those who have much, but, rather, that we do for those who have little. So what of this tax cut that we are going to spend this week and next week, this next month, and, according to our Treasury Secretary, we will be done by the end of the year? So what does it mean? It means maybe a small tax break for the working men and women of Amer-ica. It means a huge tax benefit for those who are already wealthy; the elimination of the estate tax. It has been estimated by The New York Times that based upon our Presi-dent’s tax returns of a decade ago—by the way, he won’t show us his present tax returns—that he could benefit to the tune of $1 billion with his proposed tax program. Not bad if you can have it. But is that good public policy? I don’t think so. I don’t think so; not in the face of the needs of America. We have enormous defense needs. We have been fighting wars in the Middle East for almost three decades now. There are other needs that we have for our military. You only need to listen to the Sec-retary of Defense and others as they talk about the need to rebuild much of the American military. The admiral re-sponsible for the Pacific Theater says that he needs something rather impor-tant: munitions. Munitions. Wow. Yes, we have needs. We have students who are paying interest rates far high-er than is necessary, unable to refi-nance their Federal student loans be-cause the law doesn’t allow it. But it is possible. In fact, it would make a lot of economic sense. These young men and women might actually start a family; might actually be able to buy a home or a car, start a new business, start a small business. There are a lot of possi-bilities. But the superwealthy need another tax break? I don’t think so. I don’t think so at all. And I don’t quite understand the happy talk by our leaders of this ad-ministration who like to say: Not to worry. You are going to get to deduct the first $25,000. Well, yes. And then what? Oh, by the way, there is this 20 per-cent increase in the bottom tax rate, from 10 percent to 12 percent. That is a 20 percent increase. At the top tax rate, it goes from 35, unless you are able to maneuver into their little scheme where you can actually reduce your tax rate to 15 percent by being an LLC—a limited liability corporation— or a subchapter S corporation. Well, if you have the money to hire a good accountant and a lawyer, there are a lot of ways you can scheme and scam. And if you are a corporation, some of our largest corporations are able to hire the lawyers and the ac-countants and duck their taxes en-tirely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.036 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7907 October 10, 2017 
The list is long. The list is actually rather maddening. Apple, GE, AT&T, and others, the big ones, their tax rates are down in the zero or in the less than 10 percent range, and they want more. So Puerto Rico is devastated. My counties in California are facing ram-paging fires, and perhaps as many as 2,000 homes have already burned. There will be another tornado and another hurricane. The question for us is: Will there be the money for the Federal Government to provide the support that we should do to help Americans rebuild? That is a fundamental question. I know that there is a better way. I know that in the proposal that our Re-publicans have put forth there will be less money for infrastructure. I know that if you want good-paying jobs, the construction industry has good-paying jobs. I know that for every dollar we spend on infrastructure, the economy will grow by $2 or more and have a foundation for future economic growth. I know that when we rebuild the in-frastructure of our communities that have been devastated by hurricanes, tornados, floods, and fires, that the communities can come back strong and the economies for those communities can flourish. I know that it takes a strong American Government to make that happen. Mr. Speaker, as we enter this week, my heart and thoughts go out to those millions of Americans who have been devastated by the hurricanes, floods, and fires; those people in my district who have lost their homes, and those who have lost their lives. I come here to the floor to say: Let us think seriously about what our obli-gation is to Americans, to those who have little, to those who have lost ev-erything. What is our obligation to them? FDR was correct: The measure of our success is not that we do more for those who have much, but, rather, that we do for those who have little. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1945 THE RULE OF LAW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to ad-dress you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives and to discuss the topics that are on my mind. Hopefully, you will consider these arguments as well, Mr. Speaker. I know that people across this floor and across the country have a lot of these same considerations in mind. I want to come to the floor and ad-dress the DACA situation and take you through a little bit of the history of the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals which was implemented by Barack Obama in an unconstitutional fashion. He knew it, and all of America knew it. We know that Barack Obama, 22 times, said that he didn’t have the constitutional authority to implement a program that granted the equivalent of amnesty—at least temporary am-nesty—let alone a work permit which he added to the program by executive edict, fiat, or order. Instead, it requires legislation in order to enable such a policy. A President can’t grant amnesty. A President can have prosecutorial dis-cretion. Prosecutorial discretion is a legal term for what the Justice Depart-ment does when they are determining whether the resources they have to prosecute crimes are adequate to en-force against the most serious offend-ers. Barack Obama, President Obama, did implement some of those relatively prudent policies with prosecutorial dis-cretion. He prioritized the most violent and evil criminals that he could iden-tify, at least by policy. He turned a lot of them loose too, by the way, onto the streets of America in the course of all that. So it was a very confusing policy that emerged without consistency under President Obama. However, he exercised a legal prosecutorial discre-tion when they looked at each case on an individual basis. But I recall when his Secretary of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, came before the Judiciary Committee to testify about this program on DACA, the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals—or some might say the deferred action for children of aliens. Her testi-mony and the memos that came down, the Morton memos, set up four dif-ferent categories of people who would be granted a quasi-amnesty underneath the President’s policy. There, Secretary Napolitano testified over and over again, and it reflected the document itself which, seven times, referenced on an individual basis only—on an individual basis only— seven times. I can repeat it for the RECORD , Mr. Speaker, but that is what was going on, which told me, as I lis-tened to her testimony and had read the documents prior to the testimony, that they knew what the law said. They knew it required—that it re-quired—an individual basis only and a prioritization of applying the law to bring about the best effect of the utili-zation of the resources of the Justice Department. Yet Barack Obama, President Obama, around the country multiple times, in the 1
1⁄2or 2 years building up to his implementation of the DACA policy, multiple times he said that he didn’t have the constitutional author-ity to implement the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. Multiple times. It turned out to be at least 22 that we have a videotape on. The most recent that I recall was in a high school just outside of the Cap-itol here in Washington, D.C., where he was speaking to a high school group. He said: You are smart students. You know that there is a separation of pow-ers. I don’t have the authority to grant this legal status to people who are here illegally even if their parents did bring them in or even if they came in on their own under the age of 18. I don’t have the authority to do that. That is Congress that has the authority. I should remind everyone, Mr. Speak-er, that President Obama taught con-stitutional law. He was an adjunct pro-fessor teaching constitutional law at the University of Chicago. The Univer-sity of Chicago has a good reputation for understanding the Constitution, and Barack Obama demonstrated that when he said: You are smart students, and you know that we have three branches of government, a separation of powers. Congress is Article I. They make the laws. He said: I am Article II, the executive branch. My job is to enforce the laws. And Article III is the judicial branch of government. They interpret the laws. So when the courts interpret the laws that Congress writes, the execu-tive’s job is to carry them out. He knew he was violating the separation of powers because he defined that to America multiple times. But he did anyway. I believe that President Obama made a calculation, a political calculation. The political calculation, in my esti-mation, was that he could get away with it. He wanted the policy, but Con-gress wouldn’t pass the policy because we have great respect for the rule of law, and we don’t want to reward lawbreakers. That happened in 1986, and we are paying the price for that amnesty act of 1986. He couldn’t get the DREAMers legislation through Congress, so he calculated that he could get away with implementing that as a policy even though he knew it was unconstitutional. So some of us went to work to ini-tiate lawsuits to have the courts strike down the executive edicts of Barack Obama that was the foundation for DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. As it wandered through the courts. The lead in the primary case was Chris Crane, the president of the ICE, Immi-gration Custom Enforcement, union. His name was on the case first. It was Crane, et al. v. Napolitano, et al. in the beginning. It went through the courts, and by the time you follow it through a circuitous route, you find out that Crane, et al. v. Napolitano, et al. got shifted off to the side. It was declared to be a decision that had to do with the administrative rules that if he had a grievance, he had to take that griev-ance through the administrative rules process rather than through the courts to address the policy itself. So it got parked off on a side rail, so to speak. Then we saw a parallel case come for-ward, the DAPA case, the Deferred Ac-tion on Parents of Americans was how the President described it. I would have said parents of aliens myself. But that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.037 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7908 October 10, 2017 
case was found by Judge Andrew Hanen down in Texas to be unconstitutional. It was a very similar and parallel case. The President couldn’t grant amnesty to parents of children who were here, and the President couldn’t grant am-nesty to children who came here. That same constitutional principle applies to both. We know that Ken Paxton, the attor-ney general of Texas, and others with about 9, 10, or 11 other State attorneys general, had prepared to file a suit to litigate the DACA case in parallel fash-ion that DAPA was litigated success-fully. They set a date of September 5 and said to the President: If you don’t end DACA by September 5, we are fil-ing this case. So that is about the day and probably exactly the day that President Trump came out with his decision on DACA. I moved too fast forward, Mr. Speak-er, and I need to back up to what hap-pened. Barack Obama, President Obama, finished out his term while growing the DACA recipients by hun-dreds of thousands. By the time he fin-ished his term, that number was esti-mated to be over 700,000 recipients who get a little card that says: You get to stay in America for 2 years, and there won’t be any immigration law enforced against you as long as you don’t com-mit any of these serious crimes, felo-nies, or a nasty combination of three different misdemeanors. Then also he created out of thin air a work permit. Now, Congress isn’t going to grant work permits to illegal aliens, but Barack Obama did. Congress isn’t going to grant a ‘‘come out of the shad-ows and stay on the streets of Amer-ica’’ permit for DACA recipients, but President Obama did. He went outside. This Congress should have had its back up. I am frustrated. I am frus-trated with the lack of conviction on the part of the Members of this Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, you stand in here once every 2 years, and you take an oath to support and defend the Con-stitution of the United States. That in-cludes acknowledging that the Con-stitution is the supreme law of the land. It includes the requirement that you understand the difference between Article I, Article II, and Article III. Article I writes the laws—that is all of us here and over in the Senate. We write all of the laws for the United States of America. That is how the Constitution starts out: The legislative powers shall be reserved for we here that are the Representatives in this Republic of the American people. We are as close to the people as any-body who is elected in the Federal Gov-ernment right here in this House of Representatives—435 of us. That is what you take an oath to is that you are going to protect the Constitution of the United States. You should at least be able to defend Article I, the very authority that is the reason that you are here serving in the first place, Mr. Speaker. Then we have an obligation also to look over the shoulder of the executive branch and have oversight over the function of the executive branch and conduct hearings and bring witnesses and dig into the methods and the effec-tiveness of the President of the United States, our Chief Executive Officer, in carrying out the execution of our laws. The President of the United States takes an oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. But also it requires that he takes care that the laws be faithfully executed. Now, that means carry them out, not kill them off. It looks like he was trying to kill off the Constitution rather than carry out the laws that are described by this Article I, Congress. By the way, some of the laws that President Obama defied and gave or-ders to defy and to ignore were signed into law by Bill Clinton. So the legit-imacy of the United States Congress and our effectiveness has been dimin-ished by President Obama who went outside the bounds, the lines that are drawn between legislative authority, executive authority, and judicial au-thority. Now, our Founding Fathers set that up to be a static relationship. They ex-pected and believed that the courts would be the weakest of the three branches of government. They expected also that since you always have ambi-tious people reaching for more power, they wanted to divide that power, and they wanted to restrain the power. That is why we have the system that we have today. That is why we redis-trict every decade. That is why they called for a census so we can count all the people of America and set up con-gressional district so that there is a proportional representation in each of the 435 seats here offset by two Sen-ators from every State so that we have a geographical representation—a small population State with a big voice or maybe a big population State with the same kind of voice—over in the United States Senate. But here in this Congress, in this House, everyone has roughly the pro-portional same number of constituents, and your vote means the same amount here that it does for each one of us, whatever your particular role is. So this was set up to have this bal-ance of power. What our Founding Fa-thers envisioned was each branch of government would jealously protect the power vested in it through the Con-stitution. They didn’t imagine that there would be a Congress that would be in opposite—they actually didn’t imagine the two-party system, as I un-derstand some of the history that I read, but they didn’t envision that there would be a Republican majority in the House, a Republican majority in the Senate, and a Democrat President who clearly, openly, and blatantly de-fined it in advance and then violated the Constitution. Our Founding Fathers never expected that this House of Representatives would sit on its hands and simply let that Constitution be violated for 2 years or longer just on DACA alone. But that happened. I brought amend-ments to the floor time after time after time that cut off the Federal funding that supported the unconstitutional acts of the President of the United States. Those amendments passed off the floor of the House of Representa-tives, and they were killed off over in the Senate. b2000 Our Founding Fathers did not imag-ine that the Constitution could be openly, defiantly, and blatantly vio-lated and not have this Congress hold together and shut off the funding. The power of the purse is the power of bringing that President back in line and making him keep his constitu-tional oath. The will wasn’t there. As I went before a committee to present an amendment to get Rules Committee consent to an amendment, I reminded everybody on that panel: You all took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. If you meant it, if you take your word seriously, if your oath to the Constitution means any-thing, then not only do you have to open the door so that my amendment comes to the floor and we have an op-portunity to debate it and force a vote on the floor of the House of Represent-atives, not only is that the case, if you don’t support this, then your own oath to the Constitution is called into ques-tion. By the way, Mr. Speaker, I just re-mind people that I chair the Constitu-tion and Civil Justice Subcommittee. There are a couple of reasons for that— more than a couple—and I have de-fended this Constitution every day that I have been here in this United States Congress, and I take it seriously. My father used to lecture the Con-stitution to me at the supper table. He would bring out the Constitution, set it down at the table. He would bring the Code of Iowa and set it down at the table. The Bible would be on the end table. The Constitution and the Code of Iowa would be on the kitchen table, and he would open it up and say: Now, we are going to trace back for you how ‘‘pick your law out of this book’’ gets back to the Constitution. Where is the authority for ‘‘pick your law out of this book?’’ He would debate that and discuss it with me. That is where I learned that I shouldn’t ever utter an opinion that hasn’t been thoroughly thought out. He was the most effective critical thinker I ever met in my life. But he steeped me in the great respect for the rule of law and a great respect for the supreme law of the land, our Constitution, and the structure that is guaranteed in the Constitution: a republican form of gov-ernment. That, Mr. Speaker, means a rep-resentative form of government, where the people select their Representatives and send them off to be their voice here in this Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.039 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7909 October 10, 2017 
It was a fantastic piece of wisdom and historical knowledge that put this together in the fashion that it did. Now we have not just the oldest constitu-tion on record, but we have the most successful constitution on record. You can put this altogether. I believe that our Founding Fathers, as they put this together, were inspired by God to write the Declaration, to fight the war, to shape the Constitution. I think that our Founding Fathers were moved around like men on a chessboard to bring about this fantastic country that we have. A big part of this fantastic country is the rule of law. When I write ‘‘rule of law,’’ for years, I capitalized the word ‘‘rule.’’ I capitalized ‘‘rule’’ with an ‘‘R’’ and ‘‘law’’ with an ‘‘L’’ so that it stands out on the page, so that it looks as important as it is when you read the phrase: rule of law. Rule of law is an essential component of American exceptionalism. It is a pil-lar of American exceptionalism. If you think about what went together to make this great country that we have, I would add up a whole series of things. I would trace our American exceptionalism back all the way to Mo-saic Law. The Mosaic Law was bor-rowed by the Greeks. The Greeks kind of teased each other: Well, that isn’t your original law. You borrowed that from Moses. Well, they had great philosophers and they added to the culture, but the law came out of Moses from the Greeks to the Romans. The Romans set up repub-lican forms of government. They also had a very good and healthy rule of law so that, at least in theory, they applied that to everybody. That rule of law spread across West-ern Europe by the Romans all the way to Ireland. When the Dark Ages came— the Visigoths sacked Rome in 410 A.D. When that happened, historians, more or less, called that the signal of the world falling into the Dark Ages. For several hundred years, not much happened that was reported to us. Peo-ple lost the ability to think and reason in the fashion that they had from among the Greeks and among the Ro-mans. Christianity had to get itself spread into all of that and then emerge. It did emerge. It emerged sometime shortly before the end of the first millennium. It became the Age of Enlightenment and the industrial revolution. We know, Mr. Speaker, these courses of history that have followed, but I would just point out what happened in America. In America, we are about ready to celebrate—we did it on Monday, be-cause it was a Federal holiday—Colum-bus Day on October 12, the day after to-morrow. It happens to also be my wife’s birthday, Mr. Speaker. There are a couple of reasons we should celebrate Columbus Day. He discovered the Western Hemi-sphere. He did so because he had a vi-sion that the Earth was round and not flat. He was able to convince Ferdinand and Isabella that they should invest their capital in three ships to send him across the seas in the hopes that they would circle all the way around to India and maybe find a passage to come back. They could trade and be an even richer nation than Spain was. By the way, that was the same year that the Spanish threw the Moors out. That is when the kingdom of Ferdinand and Queen Isabella was established in a more stable fashion than it had been prior to that. They found the money for Chris-topher Columbus. He discovered the hemisphere. After that, we saw a lot of Spaniards emerge. They focused down in the south, in the Central American region, in the Caribbean, and settled in that area going south and north from the isthmus. They brought with them Christianity. They were driven by the idea of spreading Christianity around the world. That went on through the 1500s, where they were settling and devel-oping in that part of the world, and conducting some atrocities as well, Mr. Speaker—just to address what other-wise somebody would ask me to yield and listen to. Yes, they had some atrocities. They began to develop and bring Western civilization, though, to the New World. The other end of this thing, in 1607, the first people who settled and built a permanent settlement in the North American continent were there at Jamestown, just down the road from us a little ways. It was 1607. The Christians who landed there came for religious freedom. They sat across there on the shores of the Atlan-tic Ocean and they knelt at that cross and prayed. The prayer was: Lord, thank You for sending us to this new land. We hear Your call and we call out to You to guide us and bless us. We will listen to the mission that You deliv-ered to us, which is to evangelize all people here and around the world and to settle this continent to please You. That is the summary of the prayer. If you read that prayer, you can see and hear manifest destiny in that prayer. You can see religious emancipation in that prayer as well. They knew why they were here. A country that is formed by people who have powerful faith, as they did, and then you have the pilgrims of Plymouth Rock in 1620, and the rest of America was built out. As the colonists began to throw off the yoke of King George, they still retained essential principles. The essential principles would include those of the Magna Carta: the idea that a man’s home is his castle and that the law has to be applied equally to everyone. King John wasn’t happy to sign that, by the way, but I think it came down to: It is your head or your signature. Why don’t you decide, King John? He decided his signature. It has been a long time ago since the Magna Carta was signed, but it laid a foundation for the pilgrims and the set-tlers who came to America. They came here for religious freedom and to get away from the yoke of the old country, Great Britain. We should remember that the pil-grims who came in on the Mayflower didn’t sail out of jolly, old England. They sailed out of Leiden in the Neth-erlands. Several years before, they sailed the Atlantic Ocean. They pulled out and went to Leiden in the Nether-lands. There, several hundred of them lived around in the area, in a commu-nity, in various different houses and apartment complexes that were there. A lot of them went to church in Pieterskerk, which is the church in the center. They staged themselves until they were ready to go across the Atlan-tic Ocean to settle and land at Plym-outh Rock in 1620. These early settlers were driven by religious freedom. As they began to build their farms, their shops, and trade and build ships along the coast and our harbors, we reach the year of 1776. Then, of course, we know the Dec-laration was on July 4 of that year. But there is another seminal event, Mr. Speaker, and that is Adam Smith pub-lished his treatise on free enterprise capitalism. The name of it is ‘‘The Wealth of Nations.’’ No one has surpassed that document at this point. If you allow people to keep their own goods, earn their own profits, invest that, he explained with utter clarity how it will improve the productivity—they will invest it in ef-ficiency—and how the invisible hand, that is the person who is buying the loaf of bread off the shelf, if that shelf is empty, you put more bread on there and sell more. If you are selling more than you can make, you raise the price a little. If somebody thinks you are making too much money, they start up their bakery. They get their bread on the shelf, and then it competes with each other. The shelf is always full of bread and the consumers get a product that they demand. That is the concept of free enterprise capitalism. I don’t hear anybody talking about that today. We also developed here a meritocracy. If you have freedom, you can be rewarded for merit. We don’t talk about meritocracies anymore. We give out participation trophies for kids. They don’t really want them to be winners or losers, just participants. That is not the American way. The American way is: we get in, we com-pete. There is bound to be a lot of los-ers because there is only one winner at the end, but the losers all learn some-thing and so does the winner. If the winner gets complacent, if the winner gets lazy, then the others who are com-peting are going to pass up that former winner, and he is going to have to get a little sharper in his game. That makes us all better. When I look at my neighborhood, Mr. Speaker, I see that we have got some counties in particular that have excel-lent competition between the public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.041 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7910 October 10, 2017 
schools and parochial schools. They have a number of different churches to choose from. They have a lot of banks that will loan money and compete with each other to invest back in the com-munities so entrepreneurs with ideas or families that need a bridge to the next month or two can have something to bridge them through that. This is the kind of competition that I see. It is not just sports competition, but it is academic competition, it is competing for students, it is competing for tuition dollars, it is competing for the business investment dollars among the banks, it is churches competing for the faith and competition to save the maximum number of souls, and it is a very healthy environment. If you take competition out, this goes flat and the vitality that exists today and just the vibrant humming of the lives that I am thinking of would be gone. It becomes complacent. I fear that is where America is going: if we are afraid to compete, we are afraid to defend our values. Free enterprise capitalism. I think every college campus in the country has some professor who will speak against it. Some of them have many professors who speak against it. They are teaching against free enterprise capitalism. They are teaching social-ism. They are teaching Marxism. They are rejecting conservatism. By the way, I can’t find a school in the country today that has an effective course on Western civilization itself. That doesn’t mean they aren’t out there. This is just me asking questions of people who should know the answer to that. They are saying: I can’t name one, unless it would be Hillsdale Col-lege or maybe Liberty University. I grew up in an era where every school had multiple courses on Western civilization. Because we understand our culture, we respect it. We know that, without Western civilization, the world would be so void of the contribu-tions that came from Western civiliza-tion. Sometime a year ago last summer, I found myself on a panel at MSNBC, Mr. Speaker. One of the panelists said: One could be an optimist and hope that this is the last Republican convention where old White people have anything to say about it. There is no way to let a comment like that pass. So I pointed out: Char-lie, that is getting a little tired, this criticism of old White people. I would challenge you to name another sub-group of people who have contributed more. Then the lady on the panel started fanning herself. She was getting the vapors because I defended Western civ-ilization. The host leaned over, almost with a leer, hoping that I would take the bait, and she said: More than White people. And I said: More than Western civili-zation itself. Western civilization is everywhere that Christianity has laid the founda-tion for civilization itself; where Chris-tianity has been the footprint that has laid down the foundation of Western civilization itself. b2015 And you don’t have western civiliza-tion without Christianity; you don’t have a successful history without Christianity; and you don’t have people that abide by the moral laws so we don’t have to have a lot of legal laws. You can’t not manage a people of 300 million people and think you are going to get that done effectively if they fail to be a moral people, a people that reach over and pay forward and take care of their families and their friends and their neighbors. I see it all over this country, Mr. Speaker. I have been to all 50 States in this country, met people in all 50 States. I have gotten behind the steer-ing wheel in 48 of the 50, and I see good people, great people day after day after day that get out of bed, and all they want to do is help somebody. And they don’t care about credit; they don’t care if anybody ever notices it or sees it; they just want to help somebody. That is what makes this country turn and work the way it does. If we wonder, we should take a look at the hurricanes that we have suffered in the South and all across, from Texas, Louisiana, and now Mississippi the other day, and Florida—Irma. American people, some people fled out of the hurricane and some people come to help, and I imagine there is a traffic jam there from time to time. But I am so grateful that we have the American character that it is. American character is a can-do spir-it, people that—I know that I had a banker visit me one day, and he showed me a picture. Actually, I met him at the airport. He showed me a picture of their bank, and the water was ready to run in the door of their bank. They had a flood that flooded the whole down-town. He said: Don’t send us anything. We can handle this. It is only a flood. I have been back to that community, and he was right. I am glad we have people like that, these spirited Ameri-cans who are part of a culture that is a can-do culture. And I don’t want to lose it, Mr. Speaker. I don’t want to lose it by devaluing any of the pillars of American exceptionalism. Now, I will just list a few others. Aside from the rule of law, there is freedom of speech, religion, assembly, the press. There are all of those to-gether in the First Amendment, and they are put up there in the First Amendment because, without them, without an open dialogue, without ideas having to compete in the public square, then we don’t test those ideas, and our Founding Fathers understood that. They wanted debate to take place here on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. They wanted debate to take place in the Senate. They wanted these ideas to be tested. For me, I have long believed that I should engage in debate; and if I can’t sustain my position in debate, I only have two choices: I can either adopt the other guy’s position, or I can go back and do my homework and get that research done, up my game, so to speak, and be prepared to defend my-self for the next round. That is usually what happens if I am not able to defend myself. But over the years, I pay a lit-tle more attention to preparation than I used to when I was younger, and so that is how it is, and the best ideas can be sorted forward. Sitting in a meeting here, we can be discussing these ideas; somebody brings up an idea, might get knocked down like that. I don’t think the public gets to see how many ideas are not suc-cessful in competing with other ideas, but sometimes there is a power struc-ture, too, that is involved. What trou-bles me is when good ideas can’t have a fair hearing because others want their idea to come through to have their name on it. That is a bit of a side issue, but I point that out. So freedom of speech, religion, press, the right to peaceably assemble and pe-tition the government for redress of grievances, First Amendment, all pil-lars of American exceptionalism. Second, the right to keep and bear arms. We have had a lot of discussion about the right to keep and bear arms, but our Founding Fathers put that pro-vision in the Bill of Rights, not so that we could hunt or collect or target shoot or even defend ourselves. The Second Amendment is in our Constitu-tion so that we can defend ourselves from tyranny, from a future tyrant who would come in; and if they con-fiscated our weapons, then they can force anything upon the people of this country. History has proven that over and over again. The first thing a tyrant does is go after your guns. The second thing they do is they go after all the other rights, and pretty soon you are a subservient people. Imagine North Korea or Cuba to get a model or an ex-ample of that. And you can go on up the line: the protection against unrea-sonable search and seizure, constitu-tional right. I am naming pillars of American exceptionalism. Without them, we would not be an exceptional nation. There is no pillar that we can pull out that the edifice wouldn’t tumble if we lost our First Amendment or Second Amendment or Fourth Amendment. Our Fifth Amendment, we have lost a part of it already with the Kelo deci-sion, Mr. Speaker. The Fifth Amend-ment says, ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation.’’ In the Kelo decision, the Supreme Court ruled—I believe it was a 5–4 decision. And I know that Justice Scalia dissented, as did Justice O’Connor in one of her last major dis-sents that she had written, but the Su-preme Court essentially struck out—I will say, de facto struck out—the terms ‘‘for public use’’ from the Fifth Amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.042 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7911 October 10, 2017 
They ruled that a locality could con-demn private property and hand it over to another private interest, provided they had a government interest and the private interest being successful. And so they could take, let’s say, a senior lady’s home, a whole tract of land, and force that into the—and con-fiscate that and put it into the hands of a private investor. That decision is a horrible decision that weakens American exceptionalism, weakens our property rights in America. I had a private conversation with Justice Scalia, and he told me that he expected the Kelo decision to be re-versed one day. But to amend the Fifth Amendment, effectively, by a decision in the Supreme Court, ‘‘nor shall pri-vate property be taken for public use without just compensation,’’ this pri-vate property was taken not even for public use, but for private use. Now, they didn’t write in there ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for pri-vate use’’ because that was a given that that would not be the case. It is absolutely implied in the Fifth Amend-ment itself, but the Supreme Court ruled the way they wanted to rule, and they have weakened a pillar of Amer-ican exceptionalism. Trial by jury, no double jeopardy, you can go up the line. The powers that are not enumerated in the Constitution are reserved, respectively, for the States or the people. All of these are pillars of American exceptionalism. Free enterprise capitalism, another pillar of American exceptionalism. And, by the way, if you take the nat-uralization test, there is a series of flashcards, laminated flashcards, and these flashcards, you can hold them up and you can ask these aspiring citizens some questions. And part of some of the questions are this: ‘‘Who is the fa-ther of our country?’’ And then you flip that card over and it says: ‘‘George Washington.’’ ‘‘Who emancipated the slaves?’’ ‘‘Abraham Lincoln.’’ ‘‘What is the economic system of the United States of America?’’ It is on a flashcard: ‘‘Free enterprise cap-italism.’’ That is under assault. Our religious values are under assault. Our family values are under assault. The very defi-nition of the Constitution itself is under assault, and Barack Obama land-ed some heavy blows to it while he was President of the United States. So as we began bringing forward a nominee who could compete effectively and hopefully be elected to the Oval Of-fice as President of the United States, 17 Presidential candidates came through my State. Many of them I knew before they announced, and I think I can say that all of them I knew by the time they got through with their campaigns. Out of that all, hard fought, there was a platform that was hammered out, and Donald Trump earned the nomination. His platform is awfully close to the platform of T EDCRUZ, who was the second to the last man stand-ing, and that platform is a platform that I appreciate, I respect, and I worked for, Mr. Speaker. I have watched as Presidential can-didates can see themselves as President of the United States. They may not have all of their positions hammered out when they present themselves as candidates—in fact, I don’t know if any of them ever actually did have all their positions hammered out when they pre-sented themselves as candidates—but they give their speeches. There is a crowd reaction. There is some polling information that is there. They have a team, a team of advisers. We all talk to them and we try to convince them of the priorities that they should be bringing forward. In the end, throughout all of this, by the time you get through the national convention and confer the nomination on your Presidential candidate, there is a platform to run on from June or July on through, all the way to Novem-ber 8 it turned out to be last year. Don-ald Trump’s platform was clear. He said to me, one day, about the events that he has done for me—and I am very much appreciative of Presi-dent Trump and the times that he has come in to help me politically, Mr. Speaker. He made that reference in a discussion among several of my col-leagues, and I said: Yes, you helped me, and I appreciate it, Mr. President, but I market-tested your immigration pol-icy for 14 years, and you knew how Iowans were going to respond and how most people across the country were going to respond because I market- tested it. And he did a great job with it, and he gave it more clarity than I have given. But throughout all of that, it was: build the wall and secure our borders and enforce domestic immigration law and reinforce ICE and reinforce Border Patrol and CBP, put that all together, and the birthright citizenship. Support English as the official language. These are just some of the pieces along the way, and we have refined some of this since then. And also, it was the New IDEA Act, the act that denies deductibility for wages and benefits paid to illegals, and let’s see IRS come in and do the en-forcement through the normal audit process. So if the IRS came in under the New IDEA Act and did a normal audit, they would run the Social Secu-rity numbers and other pertinent infor-mation of employees through E-Verify. If E-Verify confirmed that these em-ployees could legally work in the United States, the employer will get safe harbor for having hired them; if they couldn’t verify it, the employer gets 72 hours to cure, we see, 72 hours to correct the record. But, if he is hiring illegals, then the IRS would say: All right. But you can’t deduct this $10,000, $20,000, $100,000 that you paid this illegal, and so we are going to have to charge taxes on that because that deduction is not a busi-ness expense; it is actually income in-stead. So the tax that would be applied to that $100,000, so to speak, plus interest, plus penalty, and it would turn your $10-an-hour illegal into about a $16-an- hour illegal. That is the essence of it. And we require, also, that the IRS and the Social Security Administra-tion that is collecting Social Security deposits from workers all across this country, sometimes multiple sources on the same Social Security number— I mean, scores and scores of people on the same Social Security number. Social Security stopped sending out no-match letters some years ago under the Obama administration. We put that all back together, and we require the IRS communicate with and trade infor-mation with the Social Security Ad-ministration to target and flag those false Social Security numbers. And then also bring the Department of Homeland Security to the table so that the IRS, Social Security Administra-tion, and the Department of Homeland Security are all working together to cooperate to enforce immigration law and denying, then, the deductibility of the employer. The employer will have all kinds of incentives to clean up his workforce. In fact, we have a 6-year statute of limita-tions that compiles or accrues over the years. And so if you are sitting there with a 6-year potential liability, you are going to want to be with a clean workforce. That is another piece that is a policy that the President has been for, at least in the past. Now, things move on, but we are—we have an immigration policy that became part of the plat-form for the President of the United States, and in that policy and through-out, there are multiple times in speeches he announced that he is going to end DACA. He is going to end DACA, and we all expected that that would happen at noon January 20 of this year when the President was inaugurated out here on the west portico of the Capitol not very far from where I stand right now. That would have been con-sistent with his campaign promise: build the wall, and the unconstitu-tional DACA. And so while he was signing execu-tive orders—and I give him credit. He went to the Oval Office, and at least he had a formal signing of multiple execu-tive orders that day, launched his Pres-idency with work right on the spot in-stead of—he shortened up the parade for himself and went to work for Amer-ica. Hats off to President Trump for that, and I support his entire agenda, and I am going to do my best to help him keep his word on that entire agen-da. But we found out weeks later that DACA permits were still being issued, and they were still being extended, and those permits also included work per-mits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.044 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7912 October 10, 2017 
b2030 So President Obama’s unconstitu-tional DACA—deferred action for chil-dren of aliens—program was continued, and it continues actually to this day under the Trump administration, com-pletely in contradiction with the cam-paign promises he made. I would say many more times than Barack Obama made the statement that he didn’t have the constitutional authority. Barack Obama violated the Constitu-tion. President Trump has continued that violation. And I am calling upon him to keep his campaign promise, re-store the respect for the rule of law; and DACA, by the executive action, just sign it off and end it. If we fail to do that—and I have worked for 31 years to restore the re-spect for the rule of law with regard to immigration. In 1986, Ronald Reagan signed the Amnesty Act. At least he was honest about it. He called it the Amnesty Act. I listened to what I could on the de-bate from the House and the Senate. And I didn’t believe it would pass ei-ther Chamber, but it passed both Chambers, and it was messaged to President Reagan’s desk. I read the material and I thought that through. I thought: I don’t have to worry about this. Ronald Reagan will know that, if he signs the Amnesty Act, it does great damage to the rule of law and it will take years to restore it. Now, the deal was to be that if you sign the Amnesty Act, we will give you the reinforcement and will enforce the law from this point forward, and illegal immigration will no longer be a prob-lem in America. That is what the deal was. They promised us that this Am-nesty Act in 1986 would be the last one ever, that they were going to then set about establishing respect for the law. Well, it seems to me that most every-body in this Congress has lost any memory they may have had about what was going on in 1986. Things haven’t changed. There is nothing real-ly new under the Sun. Human nature is human nature. It is what it has been for 2,000 or more years. But when there is a promise made that is ‘‘first you give us this, and then we will see to it that you get that,’’ let me see, we had Ronald Reagan’s suc-cessor, Bush 41—George Herbert Walk-er Bush, a great American as well—who took the promise and said: ‘‘Read my lips: No new taxes.’’ He said that more than 22 times, too. But when it got to the point where he was wanting to get some spending cuts, the Democrats went to him and said: Do you know what? We have to raise taxes if you are going to get spending cuts. We will follow through on our part of the deal if you just sign the tax increases that they pass. So Bush 41, dealing honestly and straight up in believing that the people he was dealing with had the level of in-tegrity that he had, signed the tax in-crease in exchange for the promise of the spending cuts. And we all know the answer to that, Mr. Speaker. We know the story. When you make a deal like that and you don’t have the things on the table that you are supposed to get for that deal, never comes first. You don’t see them. So George H. W. Bush 41 signed the tax increase. He violated his pledge of: ‘‘Read my lips: No new taxes.’’ Not only did he sign that and not get the spending cuts, but they beat him over the head with that at his reelection. He lost his reelection because of it, and we ended up with Bill Clinton. I think that lesson should be enough to make us all smart enough to know not to make a deal like that. Ronald Reagan recanted and regretted that he signed the Amnesty Act because of the damage he did to the rule of law when he signed that. There were to be 1 mil-lion who would be recipients of the Amnesty Act of 1986. It turned out to be 3 million because, let’s say, the esti-mates were wrong, but there was a lot of fraud and corruption, and people slipped through because we didn’t have tight enough security on it. So 3 million people got amnesty in 1986, and that was a path to citizen-ship—a fairly short path to citizen-ship—as well. I have talked to some of them, and they say: It was great for me. And some of them think that am-nesty for another group of people is all right. But if the law means nothing to someone and they violate the law, or it is an obstruction and they slip around that law, or, as we have today, some number that is 750,000 to 800,000 DACA recipients, they are demanding that we grant them amnesty. Illegal aliens came here to the Capitol, right out here on the grass, 2 weeks ago, on a Monday, gathering around, demanding that Congress grant them amnesty. Now, how do you go to a foreign country and be unlawfully present in that country and you go protest to the government that they should ignore their own laws because you have some-thing that you want that you slipped across the border to have access to? And I do not buy the idea that most of these DACA recipients are kids. The average age is 23. Some of them go all the way up to 37. Some of them are bald. Many of them have gray in their beard. Some have a build like mine. I don’t think of them as kids when I look at them. Yet there are some who came across the Rio Grande River on their mother’s arm. And, no, they didn’t know and they didn’t form intent. But there are a whole lot of them who would qualify under this, who did have intent and did know. And we know there are a whole lot of them also—and I have witnessed this with my eyes and helped to collar some of them as this goes on, and I have walked through the desert and seen the burlap backpacks that they haul mari-juana in into the United States. And it is not only marijuana. But some of these will qualify under DACA. Drug smugglers will qualify. And they say: We will do background checks. Well, how do you do a background check on somebody who doesn’t have a legal existence in their home country? If there is no record of them existing there, then they will say: Well, we didn’t find anything negative. Of course not. The person didn’t exist. I know I had an individual I wanted on my Hispanic Advisory Committee. A smart, personable, young businessman. I said: I would like to have you sit down and I would like to hear your ad-vice. I would like to have your finger on the pulse because I want to know what is going on in the minority com-munities, and I want to make sure that I am doing a good job of representing them, too. And he said: That is fine. I am inter-ested. And I said: But before I put you on this committee, I have to make sure. So I want to see—and he said he was born in America—no. Excuse me. He said he was born in Mexico, but he is a naturalized citizen. And I said: Well, I would like to see your birth certificate. And he said: Okay. I can get it for you. And I said: How long will that take you? And he said: Well, it will only take me a few days. What do you want the birth certificate to say? Now, that is a legal document, and you don’t get to ask that question if you have respect for the rule of law. I just dropped him as a potential can-didate on my advisory committee. And a year or two later, I found out that ICE had come in, picked him up, and deported him. I didn’t know that he was illegal, even at that time. I just didn’t trust him any longer when he asked me that question. So that is an-other individual that could have been, and may still be, qualified to be a re-cipient. Those that come across the border, I have gone down and looked into the jail cells of the Border Patrol, and there were hundreds there at the times that I have been there—hundreds of them. They are sorted between chil-dren, women, men. And the men far outweigh the numbers of women or children. Some of the numbers we looked at were 80 percent men. Some of these men will present themselves as under 18—many of them will. And I have seen the cell with those minor males that are in there. And some of those, supposedly, minor males have gray in their beard. They would also qualify, or at least apply for. And if we didn’t have a way to do a back-ground check on them—and many cases we don’t—and they give you a false name, what do you do after that if they had never been printed? They would qualify. And MS–13. We know that there have been a significant number of MS–13 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.047 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7913 October 10, 2017 
gang members, who also are DACA re-cipients. That has been published mul-tiple times throughout the last couple of years. So many people that we would want to get out of this country would be granted a path of citizenship to stay in this country. That is why it is so wrong. And it disrespects natural-born American citizens. It even more dis-respects naturalized American citizens, who came here the right way, applied the right way, and spent maybe 7 years to get in a position where they could take the naturalization test and then the oath; which is a grand day, by the way, Mr. Speaker. I look forward to every opportunity I have to speak to the naturalization services that take place in the Federal building in Sioux City, Iowa. And I al-ways tell them: Remember this date that you became an American citizen, and I want you to memorize it. I hand them a Constitution with the date on it and my signature on it. Hopefully, they will have the reverence for the Constitution that I and many have developed as well. But we have a vigor that comes into America. These are self-selected peo-ple. If you have ten kids growing up in a family in Bangladesh or Ireland or Italy, or wherever it might be, and one of them has the inspiration to come to America, you are going to get the one who had the greatest aspirations, the one with the strongest ambition, the one with the deepest convictions in themselves. The most can-do sibling out of 1, 5, 6, or 10 is the one that has the dream to come to America. So they line up and come here legally. And they built this country for over 200 years. We need to respect the rule of law that they came here to embrace. We have people who are leaving coun-tries that don’t have the rule of law, that are corrupt. And when I go to Mexico, I see the problems down there. Any country that I go to, I can put to-gether a formula to put that country into the First World from the Third World, except for corruption. How do you address the corruption? Law doesn’t mean law in Mexico and points south the way it does in this country. If you get pulled over by the police, they might pull you over be-cause they might need an extra tip that week. You may not be speeding, you might not have run a stop sign, they might just pull you over, and you have to pay the ‘‘bribe,’’ ‘‘mordida.’’ That is corruption itself. That doesn’t happen in this country hardly ever be-cause we get their badge number and they are out of a job. No country is free of corruption, but we have a healthy country with a rule of law. It is a pillar of American exceptionalism. We cannot, Mr. Speak-er—and my message is to the Presi-dent—we cannot reward lawbreakers. It destroys the rule of law. Our hearts cannot be leading ahead of our heads. There is a DACA recipient that I would like to adopt, if that is what it takes to keep that individual in Amer-ica. I think that much of that indi-vidual. I like this individual a lot and respect this individual a lot, but I love the rule of law. I love the rule of law because, without it, we descend into the Third World. So this debate about, ‘‘don’t you have a heart, don’t you know that these are just 800,000 kids, and can’t we just give them the confidence of having a legal status in America,’’ I say, no, not if you love the country, you can’t do that. And it is not our doing. They either came here of their own volition, formed the intent, or their parents did. The law is the law. We don’t tell the judge: Don’t be putting this criminal in prison because he has kids at home. We don’t worry about the separation of families when it comes to enforcing the law against American citizens, but we worry about enforcing the law against people who have intentional and willfully divided themselves. Now, what happens if we should grant amnesty to DACA recipients and then deport their parents? That splits up the family. I say: Get right with the law, go to your home country and apply to come in the legal way. By the way, when you arrive in your home country, if you truly are characterized for DACA, you will have a free American education that the American taxpayers pay for. You will be bilingual. You will have fa-milial connections in your community. You will have a skill set that is there, a good educational set. You will know what it looks like to live in a country where things work generally right. And if you think of the 7,000 Peace Corps workers that are working in about 130 countries in the world and how much good they do, they go to countries without speaking the lan-guage, they don’t know where they are going to land, they find a way to help out and contribute. People going home is not being condemned to hell. People going home is like sending out 750,000 or 800,000 fresh Peace Corps workers back to their home countries. What could be a greater economic de-velopment plan for Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, and Nicaragua than for their best and brightest to go home and build their countries while they apply to come back to the United States? That is the best solution we can have, Mr. Speaker. And we don’t even have a serious debate on that in here unless I bring it up. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives this evening. I am hopeful that we made a little bit of progress. I will continue to defend the rule of law and the Con-stitution. I challenge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. WORLDWIDE REFUGEE CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as with any moment in the history of our Nation, in the world, there are tragedies and disasters which sear the conscience and call us to action not only because we are American, but be-cause we are human. Some of these tragedies are man- made, others are the work of nature. Some hit close to home, such as the hurricanes that devastated Texas—my home State—Florida, and Puerto Rico, taking many lives and inflicting bil-lions of dollars in damage. Some are the work of one man, like the shooter in Las Vegas, who took 58 lives. b2045 Like many in this Chamber, I have spoken up on these tragedies close to home. Tonight, I would like to speak to a humanitarian crisis far away from us; that is, the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya Muslims in Burma. Since late August, 500,000 Rohingya have been forced out of their nation. The Rohingya, after being driven out of Burma, have sought refuge in Ban-gladesh, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, and India. Some have even come as far as the United States of America. These victims had been driven out of the country their ancestors have called home for hundreds of years through a systematic campaign of murder and rape and the destruction of entire vil-lages and communities. It can be challenging for host govern-ments to care for these displaced popu-lations, which can lead to additional instability, especially in countries with low incomes or with governments al-ready under stress to provide services to their citizens. We see this pattern worldwide. The refugees from the war in Syria have fled to Lebanon and Turkey, to Iraq, and across the Mediterranean to Europe. Over a million Syrian refugees are in Lebanon, which is over one-sixth of that nation’s population. Over 3.2 million refugees have found their way to Turkey, and 600,000 in Jordan. Al-most 1 million have sought refuge in Europe. There are similar crises in the Cen-tral African Republic, Iraq, South Sudan, and Yemen. Millions of people have fled conflicts and instabilities in these regions, usually finding refuge in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.048 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7914 October 10, 2017 
neighboring countries vulnerable to in-stability. The United States, our own country, has already been affected by insta-bility. In recent years, gang-related vi-olence in Central America has driven hundreds of thousands of people both to the north and to the south. We re-member the tens of thousands of pri-marily women and children who made their way to the United States and were able to find refuge here. Tens of thousands more, though, remained in Mexico, where the resources to care for these children are scarce. These crises have global con-sequences, and failure to address them early will eventually affect the United States. The United States cannot af-ford to treat these crises as events ‘‘over there’’ or just far away. This af-fects us in a very real way. These events highlight how impor-tant the concept of democracy and in-clusive governance are. Democratic countries with inclusive governments respect the rights of citizens and ad-dress the concerns of even the most vulnerable and least empowered. This is why U.S. foreign assistance matters so much. We invest in the rest of the world and build the capacity of states and societies to govern in a more democratic and inclusive manner. We also empower regional diplomacy through our engagement, allowing re-gions to address any such instability in a single country collectively. Like many others in the global com-munity, I welcomed Aung San Suu Kyi’s rise to power in Burma a few years ago in 2015. Her election ended decades of military rule when the Bur-mese military government held elec-tions and promised civilian rule. This kind of democratization, en-abled by the persistent diplomacy of President Obama and Secretary Clin-ton, is a precious and rare event in the world and occurs only now and then. Last year, after the Burmese mili-tary drove tens of thousands of Rohingya out of the country, Aung San Suu Kyi moved to establish the Rakhine Advisory Commission under former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan. This was an important step towards addressing the concerns of the Rohingya, which includes disenfran-chisement, statelessness, and wide-spread discrimination. The situation today looks far dif-ferent and far less flattering to Coun-selor Suu Kyi. This year, the crisis is much more devastating, with hundreds of thousands displaced. I wanted to be able to show you some of these images of the catastrophe the Rohingya face. These are, of course, just a few, but as I said, they sear the conscience and call us to action. This year, the crisis, as I mentioned, is much more devastating, with hun-dreds of thousands displaced. Like many others in Congress, I have been disappointed in the lack of moral lead-ership Aung San Suu Kyi has dem-onstrated. When hundreds of thousands of peo-ple are driven out of the country, their villages burned, people slaughtered, women and children raped, I would ex-pect a Nobel Peace Prize-winning lead-er of a country to take action. Coun-selor Suu Kyi rose to power because her moral leadership and her persist-ence in the face of adversity inspired millions. It is deeply saddening and dis-appointing to witness her lack of ac-tion today. Mr. Speaker, I would like to yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), my colleague. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding and for bringing up this very important issue. I just want to make a few comments, and I just want to say, what makes the United States exceptional among all nations is the moral courage and lead-ership we have displayed throughout our history. So many times, in the face of great terror and significant moral crisis, the United States has acted as a force for good. We have supported our allies to restore order where there was once chaos. Where people have been suf-fering famine and drought, we have stepped up to provide food and water. Time and again, the world has faced crises, and the United States has stepped up to defend the moral good. The crisis in Myanmar presents yet another challenge for the global com-munity, but in this moral crisis is yet another opportunity for our Nation to once again lead. As we speak, the Rohingya people are suffering undue hardship and violence under a government that has failed to uphold the values inherent to a vibrant democracy. It has been reported that an average of 2,000 Rohingya are fleeing the coun-try each day. Denied basic rights for decades, the Rohingya people have been subject to systematic discrimina-tion as a religious minority in a pre-dominantly Buddhist country. The state has gone so far as to completely deny citizenship to the Rohingya peo-ple since 1982. Serious accusations of ethnic cleans-ing and genocide have been leveled against the government, which has failed to respond appropriately to the calls for calm and peace. While the government has the right to defend itself against any form of in-surgency, common, agreed-upon rules of warfare dictate that all civilians be protected. This rule is sacred and must not be broken. Despite this, reports of abuse against civilians are running rampant in Myanmar. More than 200 villages have been de-stroyed, many burned to the ground by government forces. Communities are being wiped away as hundreds, possibly even thousands, of civilians are slaugh-tered. The crisis demands our imme-diate attention. Just recently, the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee held a hearing, and Chairman ROYCE stated plainly: ‘‘This is ethnic cleansing.’’ Mr. Speaker, I must agree. Every conflict is complex, and this one is no different, but it must be made clear that under no conditions should the rights of innocent civilians be abridged. To the Government of Myanmar, we must make it equally as clear that their behavior will not be tolerated. I recently met with constituents from Myanmar in my district office. Utica, the largest city in New York’s 22nd Congressional District, is home to a vibrant refugee community. We are home to the largest Bosnian refugee population in the Nation, a population that was also fleeing ethnic cleansing in their own home country of the former Yugoslavia. My constituents shared with me their personal stories and deep despair over the violence in their home coun-try. They asked that I do all I can to make their voices heard, and tonight I am proud to speak on their behalf. They shared with me horrific pic-tures of violence and death, of torture of children, of young people, of women, of men, of families. It was simply just appalling. Mr. Speaker, when our Nation faces moral challenges, it is in our nature not to back down. I must insist that this time be no different. I call on my colleagues to stand up and speak out and to act on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas and my colleague for high-lighting this very important issue. I urge all of my colleagues to understand this is a tragedy of major proportions that is happening in our world today. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas again for bringing this issue to the floor. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative T
ENNEY for join-ing me at this late hour to speak on this issue. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, this is so important. I really am grateful to my friend from Texas for doing this. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for her comments. This humanitarian crisis in Burma, or Myanmar, requires international at-tention and action, as Representative T
ENNEY said. The actions of the Bur-mese State in ethnically cleansing hundreds of thousands of Rohingya demonstrate this need for inter-national action. The most immediate need is to facili-tate access by NGOs and international organizations in the Rakhine State. There are tens of thousands of Rohingya internally displaced within the Rakhine State. Violence against Rohingya, including the burning of villages, continues de-spite international condemnation. Just yesterday, a full month and a half after the beginning of this crisis, 11,000 Rohingya reportedly crossed over into Bangladesh. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.050 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7915 October 10, 2017 
Access by international groups would allow the rest of the world to deliver assistance to the Rohingya still within Rakhine and to help prevent further vi-olence. The United States, in partnership with our allies around the world, must also assist Bangladesh in providing for the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya they lost. This includes food, water, shelter, and medicine. We cannot allow this humanitarian catastrophe to esca-late further. We know a political settlement to re-patriation is possible. Bangladesh and Burma have arrived at such agree-ments in the past. The United States and our allies must support the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees and the Bangladeshi Government’s effort to identify all Rohingya who have ar-rived. Given the Burmese Government’s re-luctance to acknowledge Rohingya as Burmese citizens, leaving them state-less, identification by the United States would assist in repatriation by defining who originates from Rakhine State. The Rohingya have suffered violence and forced displacement for decades. Hundreds of Rohingya villages have been burned to the ground, and they can no longer return to their homes, because in many cases, those homes no longer exist. The full extent of the catastrophe is not yet known, as thousands of Rohingya remain unaccounted for. More Rohingya have fled Myanmar in the past 2 months than remain in Rakhine State. Would the Rohingya want to return if given a chance? What would need to be done to create the conditions required for such a return? Tackling the underlying issues that led to the violent displacement of the Rohingya will take decades to resolve, the most important of which will be a military that lacks transparency or oversight; that is, the Burmese mili-tary. Burma’s Government and military currently face a dozen separate insurgencies against forces claiming to represent minority communities. While the Burmese Government has taken steps to reach a cease-fire and political agreements with a number of these groups, continued fighting in various parts of the country undoubtedly con-tributes to the military’s independence and free rein. Allowing the Rohingya to be com-fortable in Burma will require assur-ances by the Burmese Government to respect the rights of Rohingya to live on the land they have lived on for hun-dreds of years. This can only come with citizenship for the Rohingya, and greater democracy, where the govern-ment is responsive to the needs of the population and respects the human rights and civil liberties of ethnic and religious minorities. Developing a political settlement to-wards greater accountability in the Burmese Government and citizenship for the Rohingya will be difficult and may take years. Important actions the United States can take include limiting our support for the Burmese military, given their complicity in these crimes. For exam-ple, Congress considered expanding support for the Burmese military this year. That will not occur, given the ac-tions of the Burmese military. I also believe sanctions on individ-uals found to be complicit in ethnic cleansing, including local military commanders, are warranted. Designating military commanders in Rakhine State as Specially Designated Nationals, SDNs, would send a power-ful message that these crimes will not be tolerated anywhere in the world, in-cluding in Burma. On the other hand, I would like to recognize the immense generosity the people and Government of Bangladesh have shown during this crisis. Over 500,000 people, most of whom are women, children, and the elderly, have fled to Bangladesh since August 25. The Government of Bangladesh has accept-ed these people and worked to provide for them within the limits of their abilities, while supporting inter-national efforts to address the root causes of the crisis. b2100 Bangladesh, a country not much larger than Iowa, with a population of more than 150 million, faces significant challenges in taking care of this ref-ugee population. The 500,000 Rohingya join hundreds of thousands who have arrived in Bangladesh during previous such forced migrations. Bangladesh has done an admirable job, but the limits on the Bangladeshi Government to provide for these ref-ugee populations are real, and the na-tion requires international assistance. This includes assistance from the United States, the United Nations, Eu-rope, and Japan. Countries in the re-gion must also step up and provide sup-port for the refugee populations in Bangladesh, especially China and India, which maintain close relationships with both Bangladesh and Burma. As I mentioned previously, we are in an age of accelerated news, and with social media, we are in an age of know-ing. Things that were once far away that were hardly seen or known di-rectly or firsthand can now be seen over the internet, on Facebook, on Twitter, on other social media. The pace at which news comes at us now can give us a case of whiplash, and gov-erning in this body and trying to deal with even the things that just affect the United States of America, such as the hurricanes that have hit Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico, can some-times feel overwhelming. There can be a temptation to hunker down, to look no further than our own borders, to try to solve the problems that confront us not only as Americans but as fellow human beings. These days, with everything going on in our own Nation, sometimes it doesn’t seem like there is a time to take our focus off of our challenges and speak about other things, some of them far away. But it is important that we think about, that we remember, that we reflect, and that we try to solve the problems and challenges of other peo-ples. It is often said that the United States can’t be the policeman of the world, and I believe that is true. But there are things that call our con-science that do move us to action where I believe that we do have a re-sponsibility to act as the leader among nations in the world. The crisis in Burma, the ethnic cleansing that has victimized the Rohingya people, is one of those in-stances, and I wanted to speak about it today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I join my col-leagues tonight in calling the attention of Con-gress to the horrific ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya people that is underway in Burma. On August 25th of this year, an illegal armed militant group known as the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army attacked police out-posts in Rakhine state, Burma, killing twelve people. I condemn this attack in the strongest possible terms. Forty-five years ago, Pope Paul VI said ‘‘If you want peace, work for justice.’’ Especially in today’s world, I do not believe that armed insurgency is the best path to justice, nor to peace. But let me be clear: the Burmese govern-ment’s response to the August 25th attack over the last several weeks has been so dis-proportionate that one is at a loss to describe it. The military has carried out a massive scorched earth campaign in which hundreds of Rohingya villages and tens of thousands of homes have been burned and destroyed. There are many highly credible reports of peo-ple, including children, being shot in the back as they ran, and of rapes, torture and ill-treat-ment. As many as half a million Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh and at least another 27,000 are displaced within Burma. That is on top of the tens of thousands of Rohingya who fled after a previous armed mili-tant attack a year ago. Most of the Rohingya population of Rakhine has now been forced out of the state. 120,000 of those who remain live in IDP camps. Stunningly disproportionate? Unimaginably, brutally, barbarically disproportionate? Fla-grantly, in-your-face, try-to-stop-me dispropor-tionate? I am left without words. Do I regret the killing of 12 policemen on August 25th? Absolutely. Do more than half a million people deserve to be punished for it? Absolutely not. And please do not talk to me about a ‘‘grow-ing terrorist threat’’ in Burma. The Rohingya in Burma are stateless and subject to the most profound discrimination. They are poverty-stricken, denied access to education and work, and their movements within the country are restricted—and all of this was true before the militant attacks. The Burmese government has allowed the conditions for radicalization and extremism to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10OC7.051 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7916 October 10, 2017 
fester within their country. The current military campaign is only making things worse. What should we be doing? First, all available leverage should be brought to bear on the Burmese military to end its violent campaign against the Rohingya people. Its actions to date are entirely re-moved from any concept of rule of law and make a mockery of the government’s obliga-tion to protect its people. Second, the government must ensure full and unfettered humanitarian access to Rakhine state. Given the dimensions of the crisis, this means letting in experienced aid or-ganizations in addition to the Red Cross. It also means ending the threats, allegations and misinformation against humanitarian staff that have sparked fear among humanitarian workers, especially national staff, and contrib-uted to an environment in which targeted at-tacks against humanitarian staff have taken place. Enough already. Third, the Burmese government must grant access to the fact-finding mission authorized by the UN Human Rights Council last March, after last ‘‘clearance operation’’ the military conducted from October 2016 to February of this year. Now more than ever, we need an objective international presence on the ground. Fourth, a roadmap to ending this crisis al-ready exists. It’s found in the Final Report of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State led by former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan. International actors, including this Congress, must do all we can to make sure that the Bur-mese government implements the rec-ommendations included in that report—espe-cially the ones that have to do with ending statelessness and poverty. Otherwise, we should not be surprised if the situation in Burma just gets worse and worse. Finally, we need to be clear-eyed about the nature of the Burmese government. I have been among those in Congress who have welcomed the political transition in Burma that began with the 2015 elections. But the events of the last few weeks raise very se-rious questions about the extent to which that transition is real. As events have unfolded in Burma in recent weeks, a lot of criticism has been focused on Aung San Suu Kyi, the Nobel Laureate and de facto leader of the civilian government. Her defenders have responded that the military still has a lot of power, and that she has to walk a very fine line. But if that is true, what kind of ‘‘democratic’’ government are we talking about? If the military is still in charge—if the civilian government is powerless to stop ethnic cleansing—then we need to recognize that. If not, then let’s be clear about the require-ments of moral leadership. Standing by in si-lence—even worse, downplaying the serious-ness of what is happening to the Rohingya people because of political convenience—is not the leadership we expect from Aung San Suu Kyi. Those who want to claim the mantle of human rights leader must defend the human rights of all people. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 692. An act to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green in-frastructure, and to require the revision of financial capability guidance; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture; in addition, to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on October 6, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 1117. To require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to applicants and grant-ees during the response to an emergency or disaster. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, October 11, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2804. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tolfenpyrad; Pesticide Tol-erances for Emergency Exemptions [EPA- HQ-OPP-2017-0309; FRL-9967-72] received Oc-tober 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2805. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s no-tification of its 2017 compensation program adjustments, including the Agency’s current salary range structure and the performance- based merit pay matrix, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1833b(a); Public Law 101-73, Sec. 1206(a); (103 Stat. 523); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2806. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Missouri Air Quality Implementation Plans; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2010 Ni-trogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Qual-ity Standard [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0268; FRL- 9969-10-Region 7] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2807. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tall oil fatty acids; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0012; FRL-9965-58] re-ceived October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2808. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Nutri-tional Yeast Manufacturing Residual Risk and Technology Review [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015- 0730; FRL-9969-08-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS93) re-ceived October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2809. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Chem-ical Recovery Combustion Sources at Kraft, Soda, Sulfite, and Stand-Alone Semichemical Pulp Mills [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2014-0741; FRL-9969-06-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS46) received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2810. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Florpyrauxifen-benzyl; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0560; FRL-9963-66] received October 5, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2811. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Missouri Air Quality Implementation Plans; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2012 An-nual Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA- R07-OAR-2017-0513; FRL-9969-12-Region 7] re-ceived October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2812. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion; State of Utah; Salt Lake County and Utah County Nonattainment Area Coarse Particulate Matter State Implementation Plan Revisions to Control Measures for Point Sources [EPA-R08-OAR-2017-0298; FRL- 9969-01-Region 8] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2813. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Oregon: Permit-ting and General Rule Revisions [EPA-R10- OAR-2015-0333; FRL-9968-98-Region 10] re-ceived October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2814. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10OC7.019 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7917 October 10, 2017 
of Air Quality State Implementation Plans; California; Ambient Ozone Monitoring Re-quirements [EPA-R09-OAR-2017-0265; FRL- 9969-18-Region 9] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2815. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of South Carolina; Regional Haze State Im-plementation Plan [EPA-R04-OAR-2013-0389; FRL-9969-23-Region 4] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2816. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ala-bama; Regional Haze Plan and Prong 4 (Visi-bility) for the 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2017- 0104; FRL-9969-21-Region 4] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2817. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; KY; Mis-cellaneous Source Specific Revisions for Jef-ferson County [EPA-R04-OAR-2017-0356; FRL- 9969-19-Region 4] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2818. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Quality Implementation Plan; Iowa; Amend-ment to the Administrative Consent Order, Grain Processing Corporation, Muscatine, Iowa [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0143; FRL-9969-14- Region 7] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2819. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Colo-rado; Revisions to Regulation Number 3 [EPA-R08-OAR-2017-0446; FRL-9969-46-Region 8] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2820. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Balancing Authority Control, Inadvertent Interchange, and Facility Interconnection Reliability Standards [Docket No.: RM16-13- 000; Order No.: 836] received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2821. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Extension of Impor-tant Restrictions Imposed on Archaeological and Ethnological Materials From the Repub-lic of Mali [CBP Dec. 17-12] (RIN: 1515-AE32) received October 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 378. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to en-hance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–341). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2196. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients (Rept. 115–342). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3031. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–343). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3243. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to elimi-nate the sunset of certain provisions relating to information technology, to amend the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initia-tive, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–344). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 562. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistleblower protections for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and in-creased accountability and required dis-cipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, and for other pur-poses; providing for proceedings during the period from October 16, 2017, through October 20, 2017; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–345). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CNERNEY (for himself and Mr. K
INZINGER ): H.R. 3995. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on promoting broadband internet access service for veterans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself and Mr. N
AD-
LER): H.R. 3996. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to trans-fer certain cases to United States Tax Court; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 3997. A bill to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 3998. A bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of ex-plosives licenses to known or suspected ter-rorists, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. L ANCE , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D ENT, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 3999. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the manufacture, possession, or transfer of any part or com-bination of parts that is designed and func-tions to increase the rate of fire of a semi-automatic rifle but does not convert the semiautomatic rifle into a machinegun, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4000. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a mechanism to allow borrowers of Federal student loans to refinance their loans, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer- provided educational assistance to employer payment of interest on certain refinanced student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. K
USTER of New Hamp-shire, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. P
INGREE ): H.R. 4001. A bill to provide for the refi-nancing and recalculation of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4002. A bill to amend chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that in the case of an agency that appeals the ruling of a court under that chapter, and does not pre-vail on appeal, the court shall award the pre-vailing party reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4003. A bill to require that in a notice of proposed rule making for a new rule, the notice shall identify two rules which the agency intends to repeal; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4004. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to require employees of the White House to enroll in Obamacare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4005. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for medical as-sistance under Medicaid for inmates during the 30-day period preceding release from a public institution; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10OC7.000 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7918 October 10, 2017 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C RIST, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. H ILL, Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mrs. D
EMINGS ): H. Res. 563. A resolution honoring the ac-complishments of the 9 historically Black colleges and universities that celebrated their sesquicentennial the week of Sep-tember 24, 2017; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. B
UDD): H. Res. 564. A resolution affirming the con-stitutional power of Congress over the Na-tion’s debts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. J OR-
DAN, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. B ASS, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. M
OORE ): H. Res. 565. A resolution expressing support for the recognition of October 9, 2017, as ‘‘World Post Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. L
IPIN-
SKI, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): H. Res. 566. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of October 4, 2017, through October 10, 2017, as World Space Week and for the designation of the week of October 8, 2017, through October 14, 2017, as Earth Science Week; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
129. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 7, urging state and federal departments and agencies responsible for stewardship of pub-lic resources, as specified, to make collabo-rative, statewide salmon fishery restoration an urgent and high priority; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 130. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Resolution 2010, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 131. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Resolution 2013, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 132. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, urging the Congress of the United States to pass a law to resched-ule marijuana or cannabis and its derivatives from a Schedule I drug to an alternative schedule; jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and the Judiciary. 133. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 8, requesting the Gov-ernor to request the President of the United States, Members of Congress, and the Fed-eral Highway Administration to dedicate in-creased funding to California to accelerate and support the planning and development of the plan and to accelerate the completion of existing nonmotorized recreational trails; jointly to the Committees on Natural Re-sources and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CNERNEY: H.R. 3995. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 3996 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 3997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. To borrow Money on the credit of the United States. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 3998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 3999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (Power to lay and collect Taxes); Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (Commerce Clause); and the Six-teenth Amendment to the Constitution. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 4001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 62: Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 490: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 535: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 586: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 592: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. G ALLA -
GHER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah. H.R. 613: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 620: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. T
IBERI , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 638: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. H UNTER , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. T
AKANO , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 669: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 685: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 772: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 807: Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 820: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 848: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 866: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 959: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1017: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1038: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 1046: Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10OC7.100 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7919 October 10, 2017 
H.R. 1111: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1150: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1179: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1225: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 1243: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1251: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1267: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 1270: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 1276: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1279: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1298: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1300: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1358: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 1360: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1406: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1470: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1478: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1669: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1670: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1676: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1772: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1861: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 1896: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1928: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 1960: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 1982: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2034: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2063: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2095: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2101: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 2121: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2228: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2242: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2259: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2318: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2319: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 2345: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2401: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2545: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2633: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2651: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2670: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2740: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. L
OVE, Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 2790: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2856: Mr. G
OMEZ and Mr. F RANCIS ROO-
NEYof Florida. H.R. 2871: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 2906: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2933: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 2938: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 3031: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3034: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3042: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 3107: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3108: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3122: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3148: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3303: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 3314: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3324: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 3329: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. C ARTER  of Texas, and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 3380: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3415: Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3441: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. C OMER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H
OLDING , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. L
ATTA , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3452: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 3459: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3530: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3666: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 3711: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3716: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3741: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 3749: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3757: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3759: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 3761: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3766: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 3789: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3798: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. W OODALL . H.R. 3806: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 3808: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 3814: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3832: Mr. F
ASO, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 3852: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 3853: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3860: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3862: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3875: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3881: Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 3889: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana and Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3923: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3938: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3940: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3947: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3987: Ms. M
ENG. H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Geor- gia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 52: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H. Con. Res. 81: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. R USH. H. Res. 220: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 257: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 367: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mrs. D IN-
GELL . H. Res. 401: Mr. L
YNCH . H. Res. 529: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H. Res. 555: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. K IHUEN . H. Res. 556: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 557: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 560: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 561: Mr. G
OSAR . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOWDY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform in S. 585 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. ROE OF TENNESSEE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in S. 585 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10OC7.022 H10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6379 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 2017 No. 162 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:52 and 47 seconds a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
OYBLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The assistant bill clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 10, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OYBLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. BLUNT thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 2017, AT 8:30 A.M. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until Friday, October 13, 2017, at 8:30 a.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 9:53 and 25 seconds a.m., adjourned until Friday, October 13, 2017, at 8:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10OC6.000 S10OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1347 October 10, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO CURT HAENSEL 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, according to their website, ‘‘The Office of the Legislative Counsel provides legislative drafting services to the Committees and Members of the House of Representatives on a non-partisan, impar-tial, and confidential basis. Our goal is to work with Committees and Members to understand their policy preferences in order to implement those preferences through clear, concise, and legally effective legislative language.’’ For the last 30 years, no one has performed all of the above more professionally and more success-fully than Curt Haensel. Curt has specialized in transportation law his entire career. His sharp mind and relent-less pursuit of perfection (sometimes in spite of staff and Member interference) ensured that bills considered by the Committee and the House were clear and coherent expressions of legislative intent. I and my predecessors have relied on Curt’s expertise and creativity to draft legislative solutions to many complex issues. Even under immense pressure, Curt’s guid-ance was always calm, balanced, and fair. I don’t know how many bills or amendments Curt has drafted (it must be in the thousands), but I can tell you that a great many of our Na-tion’s most profound laws bear his fingerprints. Curt not only cared about the work product, but more importantly, he cared about the peo-ple he was working with. He has infinite pa-tience, is humble, and is kind. He served as a mentor and tremendous professional exam-ple to many young legislative counsels and Committee staff over the last 30 years. On behalf of myself, the staff of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the entire House of Representatives, I want to express my sincere gratitude to Curt for his years of service. His contributions to this institution have been invaluable and the impact of his guidance will be felt for many, many years to come. I wish him, his wife Meg, and his two children well. I wish him good luck with his future endeavors. He will be missed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CURT HAENSEL 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Curt Haensel, Senior Counsel of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the U.S. House of Representatives. For the past 30 years, Curt has served as Legislative Counsel to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In that time, Curt has worked to assist the Committee under eight different Committee Chairmen, half a dozen Ranking Members, and hundreds of our Committee colleagues. He formally began working with the Committee in 1989 and one of the first bills he worked on was H.R. 598, which banned smoking on commer-cial airlines. At the Committee markup, Curt drafted dozens of amendments as the smok-ers and their advocates worked to fill the amendment tree, as they tried to kill the bill by endless amendment. The back row of the dais filled with cigarette smoke as the Committee slowly worked its will and ultimately banned smoking on airlines. After this baptism by fire, Curt went on to work on every single surface transportation, aviation, water resources, and environmental law that this Committee has enacted. He took our ideas, and working with our staffs, used his gifted legislative craftsmanship to shape our transportation future. ISTEA, TEA 21, SAFETEA–LU, and the FAST Act; Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Acts; WRDA after WRDA; and dozens of other Acts all bear his stamp. One of Curt’s great achievements was his work, in the wake of the September 11 ter-rorist attacks, on the Aviation and Transpor-tation Security Act (ATSA), which enhanced aviation and surface transportation security and created the Transportation Security Ad-ministration (TSA). After months of negotiation and as the Thanksgiving break approached, House and Senate Committee staffs and House Legislative Counsel spent 20-hour days drafting the agreement. The Committee Chair-men and Ranking Members finally resolved the remaining critical issues on a Thursday afternoon. House and Senate Leaders wanted the agreement passed the following day, Fri-day, before the House and Senate adjourned for Thanksgiving. As Committee staffs and Legislative Counsels Curt Haensel and Dave Mendelsohn finished drafting the conference agreement around 4:30 a.m., the Office of Legislative Counsel computers failed and the computer files of the agreement were com-pletely lost. The Committees faced the pros-pect that Congress may not be able to pass the legislation before the Thanksgiving break There was a genuine fear that, over the break, the hard-fought agreement could fall apart. In-stead, Curt and his colleagues, after a walk around the block to clear their heads, recre-ated the text from memory and, later that day, both the House and Senate passed the agree-ment. Two days later, President George W. Bush signed the bill into law and the U.S. De-partment of Transportation began immediately implementing it to make our country safer. This little-known story is but one example of Curt’s contributions to the House of Rep-resentatives and the American people. Curt will continue to serve in his new role. He is joining the Office of Legislative Counsel of the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD), where he will help develop DOD’s request for the National Defense Authorization Act each year. I am hopeful that this new opportunity provides Curt more time to spend with his wife, Meg, and their two kids, Ada and Peter, and hopefully watching his beloved Wisconsin Badgers and spending longer vacations on Lake Michigan’s shores. The Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure will truly miss his expertise, wise counsel, and friendship. I join all of my col-leagues on the Committee in wishing Curt all the best in his new endeavor. f 
106TH NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA (TAIWAN) 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 106th National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan). I would like to wish the people of Taiwan and Taiwanese Americans a very Happy Double Ten Day. Taiwan is an extraordinary friend of the United States and continuing this strong rela-tionship is important. Taiwanese companies employ more than 12,000 workers in the United States with a total worker compensa-tion of almost a billion dollars. Taiwan also serves as a strong example of democracy in Asia, and provides the U.S. with an ally to fur-ther promote peace and stability in the region. The state of California has deep and grow-ing ties with Taiwan. More than 800 Tai-wanese companies have offices or invest-ments in the state. California exports $7.46 bil-lion worth of goods to Taiwan, serving as its 7th largest export market in the world. The majority of the Taiwanese-American commu-nity is concentrated in Los Angeles County, and many have gone on to settle in the San Gabriel Valley providing our local communities with new traditions, employment opportunities and economic growth. With continued commitment to this important relationship, I would like to again wish Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF FATHER CAPODANNO’S PASSING 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 50th anniversary of the passing of Father Vincent Capodanno. Fr. Capodanno was born on February 13, 1929, in Mariners Harbor on Staten Island. Growing up, he attended P.S. 44 and Curtis High School, after which he attended Fordham University for one year. A proud lifelong Stat-en Islander, he loved volunteering in the Stat-en Island community. Perhaps this dedication to serving others led him to find his true call-ing from God. Vincent Capodanno made a decision to de-vote his life to God and joined the Maryknoll 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.001 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1348 October 10, 2017 
Missionary Seminary in Ossining, New York. He was ordained as a priest in June 1957 and spent the rest of his life serving all of God’s children. After his ordination, Fr. Capodanno traveled to Taiwan as a missionary and then ventured to Hong Kong to teach disadvan-taged children. As America’s involvement in Vietnam increased, he decided to join the Army as a chaplain. It was in the jungles of Vietnam where Fr. Capodanno sacrificed his life protecting others. On September 4, 1967, as American troops were taking fire, Fr. Capodanno moved from soldier to soldier administering Last Rites. By then, the enemy had shot him over 20 times. Despite it all, he carried on and with his dying breath, he used his body to protect his fellow Americans from the gunfire. At just 38 years old, Fr. Vincent Capodanno died as a man of peace during a war of destruction. His heroic actions earned him the Purple Heart, Bronze Star, Silver Star, and the Medal of Honor. Mr. Speaker, Fr. Vincent Capodanno em-bodied the virtues of courage, altruism, and piety. While many know him as the namesake of one of Staten Island’s thoroughfares, we must never forget the sacrifices he made. He was a true American hero, and with the recent anniversary of his death, I rise to salute him and everything he did for his community, country, and faith. 
f 
CHRIS PENDLETON 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chris Pen-dleton, President & CEO of the Edison & Ford Winter Estates, who has announced her retire-ment at the end of the year. For the past 16 years, Chris has been a cornerstone of our community and is leaving the Estates well po-sitioned for the future. More than 250,000 people each year visit the Edison & Ford Winter Estates. In fact, the annual Holiday Nights event was named by USA Today as one of the ‘10 Best Historic Homes for the Holidays.’ While the Estates and our entire community are still recovering from Hurricane Irma and the damage left be-hind, the Estates are open for visitors. I thank Chris for her years of service to Southwest Florida. Her actions to preserve the history and honor of Thomas Edison and Henry Ford for future generations are invalu-able. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF KEYS FOR KIDS MIN-ISTRIES 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Keys for Kids Ministries on the celebration of its 75th anniversary. Keys for Kids Ministries, formerly known as the Chil-dren’s Bible Hour, will be celebrating this mo-mentous occasion on October 12. Inspired by a group of West Michigan pas-tors, Children’s Bible Hour first aired as radio programming in 1942. It utilized kid’s choir, solos, and radio drama to help children learn about God and inspire a relationship with Jesus. Wildly successful, the Children’s Bible Hour grew to television and—by the end of the decade—was filling churches and auditoriums across the country. In 1982, the Keys for Kids devotional was introduced, followed by the Keys for Kids radio broadcast in 1989. Both continue to reach thousands of children each month. Always striving to reach more individuals with the story of Jesus, Keys for Kids recently launched the Creature Feature Storytellers. This marked the beginning of Keys for Kids International and plans to translate the Keys for Kids devotional into 100 different lan-guages. While its name has changed, its organiza-tion expanded, and ministries diversified, Keys for Kids remains true to the mission estab-lished by Rev. Gil Cosselman, Dr. David Otis Fuller, Rev. Malcom Cronk and Rev. Donald Hescott. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing the work of Keys for Kids Ministries, the millions who have been impacted, and the mil-lions yet to be reached. May we celebrate the 75 years of inspired work and look forward to the years ahead. f 
HONORING BAHA´’I FAITH 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Baha´’i Faith to recognize the two- hundredth year anniversary of the birth of Baha´’u’lla´h. Baha´’u’lla´h, born in 1817, is the founder of the Baha´’i Faith which is currently practiced by people across the world. Its teachings promote oneness and human unity between all people regardless of race, religion, or class. Baha´’u’lla´h’s teachings have proven to be timeless as followers continue to study and practice his teachings two centuries after his birth. As many as five million people make up the Baha´’i Faith in virtually every country. This includes Minneapolis and its surrounding areas where members of the faith continue to promote unity and serve their community. The Baha´’i Faith has shown a continued commitment to peace and community globally as well as in Minnesota. I am proud to rep-resent members of their community as they celebrate the two-hundredth year anniversary of Baha´’u’lla´h. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF BUDDY RICH 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th Birthday of Buddy Rich, and to celebrate his status as the world’s greatest drummer, along with his patriotism and love of country. Born in Brooklyn, New York, Buddy Rich was known for his virtuoso technique, power, and speed. His legacy to the genre of jazz will live on forever. f 
HONORING DR. EDWIN M. QUEZADA 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as a former edu-cator in the public school system, I know just how hard the administrators and faculty work to help our kids achieve academic excellence. Today I honor one of those fine educators, Dr. Edwin M. Quezada, the Superintendent of Yonkers Public Schools, who is being recog-nized by the Nepperhan Community Center in Yonkers for all he has done for our students in the community. As Yonkers Superintendent, Dr. Quezada moves the agenda of public education in Yon-kers, New York, the fourth largest school dis-trict in the state serving almost 28,000 stu-dents and employing 3,600 staff. The Trustees of the Yonkers Board of Education appointed Dr. Quezada Superintendent of Schools on March 16, 2016 after serving as Deputy Su-perintendent for two years. Dr. Quezada su-pervises all functions of the school district’s 39 schools and central administration—teaching and learning, budgetary, human resources, fa-cilities, communications, technology and works with city, state and federal officials. Under Dr. Quezada’s tutelage Yonkers boasts the high-est on-time graduation rate, 82 percent, of New York State’s Big 5 city school districts. In 2016, My Brother’s Keeper Challenge was launched in the City of Yonkers, initiated by Dr. Quezada and flourishing through a coali-tion with Mayor Mike Spano and Nepperhan Community Center Executive Director Rev. Dr. Jim Bostic. An immigrant from the Dominican Republic, Dr. Quezada came to the Bronx, New York in September 1983 at age 16. Completing most of his early education in the Dominican Re-public, he graduated from James Monroe High School in 1985 and immediately began his college career at Herbert H. Lehman College, my alma mater. In January of 1998, Dr. Quezada joined the Yonkers Public Schools as a Human Relations Facilitator. Recognized as a mover and shaker, he was encouraged to obtain a degree in school administration. He was appointed assistant principal at Gorton High School in 2000, Principal of Emerson Middle in 2003, and Principal of Lincoln High School in 2004. During his tenure as principal, Lincoln High School received state and local accolades for improving student achievement. After ten years as a principal, Dr. Quezada was promoted to Assistant Superintendent for Secondary Administration and Supervision, before finally rising to Superintendent. When not shaping young minds, Dr. Quezada enjoys spending time with his fam-ily—his wife, Gladys, a Yonkers teacher and their two children, Edwin Joseph and Alyssa Marie. They are his pride and joy. Dr. Quezada has been an exemplary public servant and is most deserving of this recogni-tion. Congratulations to him on the occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10OC8.002 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1349 October 10, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF EMERICK EL-EMENTARY SCHOOL BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the entire Tenth Congressional District of Virginia, I would like to honor Emerick Ele-mentary School in Purcellville, Virginia for being named a 2017 Exemplary High Per-forming National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Now in its 35th year, the National Blue Rib-bon Schools Program has bestowed recogni-tion on more than 8,500 private and public schools across the United States. This cov-eted award affirms the hard work of educators, families and communities of Emerick Elemen-tary School, in creating a safe and welcoming environment where students can cultivate and master challenging and engaging curriculum in all subjects. Based on their vision, ‘‘Today’s Learners . . . Tomorrow’s Leaders,’’ Emerick Elementary School nurtures a strong aca-demic foundation, incorporating library and computer lab visits, as well as a wideset num-ber of opportunities from sports to crafting to computer coding, robotics, art nights, math club, Odyssey of the Mind and environmental classes. The 2017 National Blue Ribbon School Honor, recognizes Emerick Elementary School as an Exemplary High Performing School because of their graduation rates, as well as their exemplary performance amongst Virginia’s schools measured by state assess-ments and national tests. In addition to the recognition from the Na-tional Blue Ribbon School, for the past three years, Emerick Elementary has placed 90 per-cent or higher for each core subject tested in the Virginia Standards of Learning, and in 2016, emerged with scores of 97% percent or higher in all subjects tested. These results are remarkable and based on these recent suc-cesses, it is clear that Emerick is committed to developing productive problem solvers in the 21st century, who will become the future lead-ers of the Commonwealth. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Principal Dawn Williams, Loudoun County Superintendent, Dr. Eric Wil-liams and the entire Emerick Elementary School community on this achievement in being named a 2017 Exemplary High Per-forming National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. I can say in great confidence that this elementary school has been an irreplaceable part of this district and has had an exceptional impact on culti-vating America’s youth. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT E. DOYLE UPON HIS 40TH ANNIVERSARY WITH THE EAST BAY REGIONAL PARK DISTRICT 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Robert E. Doyle for serving 40 years with the East Bay Regional Park District (EBRPD), the largest local park agency in the United States. Mr. Doyle began his career as a park rang-er, serving at various parks within EBRPD. Throughout his tenure he moved to the Plan-ning & Design Department, then working to develop a first of its kind Regional Trails Mas-ter Plan. He later became a Chief, then Assist-ant General Manager for Land and Planning in 1990, where he served for 21 years—leading the greatest expansion of parks and trails in the Park District’s 80 year history. He now serves as General Manager. In 1971, Mr. Doyle was a founding board member of Save Mount Diablo, a nonprofit land trust and conservation organization that serves to protect, restore, and add acreage to Mount Diablo State Park, one of the ecological treasures of the San Francisco Bay Area. He served on the board for 25 years, including several years as Board president. Mr. Doyle was also a founding board member of the East Bay Conservation Corps and the Bay Area Ridge Trail Council, and served as a board member of the Bay Area Open Space Council. As part of his responsibility to advance the mission and vision of the East Bay Parks, Mr. Doyle works tirelessly to advance urban parks and recreation, garnering support nationally and internationally. He has presented twice re-garding the Park District’s Healthy Parks Healthy People initiatives at International Union for Conservation of Nature World Parks conferences, as well as at national park and open space conferences on a variety of impactful issues. I congratulate Mr. Doyle on this milestone achievement, thank him for all he has done for EBRPD and the community, and wish him best of luck in the future. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 555 on agreeing to the McClintock Substitute Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. 
f 
HONORING MR. ED M CMILLAN, 2018 RECIPIENT OF THE ORDER OF LINCOLN 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for a very special purpose, to recognize Mr. Ed McMillan of Greenville, IL, as a 2018 recipient of the Order of Lincoln. Established in 1964, the Order of Lincoln is the state’s highest award and each honoree receives a warrant signed by the Governor and bearing the Great Seal of the State of Illi-nois, certifying his or her investiture as a Lau-reate of the Order of Lincoln. The purpose of the award is to ‘‘honor indi-viduals whose outstanding contributions to the betterment of mankind have been accom-plished in or on behalf of the State of Illinois.’’ Mr. McMillan is a worthy recipient of this award. He grew up in McDonough County on a family farm, graduated from the University of Illinois at Champaign, and is currently the President & CEO of Purina Mills. He has served on many industry boards of directors plus extensive civic and philanthropic organi-zations, including Chairman, Board of Trust-ees, University of Illinois System. Mr. McMillan’s selection by the Academy is in recognition of his leadership in state and national agribusiness. His investiture will occur during the Lincoln Academy’s annual convoca-tion next year, when he will join a cohort of 340 distinguished Illinois citizens who have been honored over the past 54 years. Mr. Speaker, I wish to extend to Mr. McMil-lan, as well as the other Order of Lincoln re-cipients, my sincerest congratulations and very best wishes. f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 4, 2017 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following letter to the Honorable P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, October 4, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : We write to request that, as the Congress considers the Fiscal Year 2018 budget resolution and any legisla-tion written to comply with its reconcili-ation instructions, we continue to follow the long-standing practice of evaluating the fis-cal effects of legislation relative to the base-line developed by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO). Using the CBO baseline will allow us to provide the American people the most accurate forecast of how proposed fis-cal policies will affect our ballooning federal deficit. CBO’s baseline conforms to the principles that Congress has defined in law. For dec-ades we have consistently used the CBO baseline to accurately calculate the fiscal and distributional impacts of tax reform pol-icy. The CBO baseline is the best mechanism to measure how we are affecting our nation’s balance sheets because it reflects the clear-est intent of Congress, accurately accounts for the costs of extending specific program provisions scheduled to expire, and keeps legislation in line with fiscal requirements set forth in reconciliation instructions with-in the budget resolution. Our constituents are calling on us to enact sound fiscal policy, and many have answered that call with promises to get our financial house in order. Unfortunately, according to recent news reports, some members of the House of Representatives may break that promise by opting instead to change the baseline we traditionally use to determine how new tax policy proposals will affect the deficit. Instead, some lawmakers are pushing you to use a ‘‘current-policy’’ baseline that would, among other things, obscure the true cost of extending deficit-increasing tax cuts by ignoring their expiration dates written into the tax code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.004 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1350 October 10, 2017 
Changing the baseline could cause Con-gress to inaccurately calculate the detri-mental impact of tax cuts and therefore allow lawmakers to disregard important rules such as those that guide the use of rec-onciliation in order to limit long-term def-icit increases. As you know, the Byrd Rule prevents reconciliation procedures from being used in the Senate to pass legislation that increases the deficit beyond the budget window. Adopting a current-policy baseline would effectively hide the $400 billion cost of extending expiring tax cuts, and pretend that they are revenue neutral in order to meet the Senate’s reconciliation require-ments. Such a change will have costly con-sequences. Every dollar of lost revenue hid-den by a misleading or inaccurate current- policy baseline is a dollar added to our def-icit that will in turn make it harder to ade-quately fund important priorities, such as national security, infrastructure, disaster re-lief, health care and the safety net for our most vulnerable citizens. Resorting to gimmicks such as the ‘‘cur-rent-policy baseline’’ and creating unreal-istic assumptions about economic growth rates obscures the full cost of tax cuts and severely undermines our ability to put the federal budget on a sustainable fiscal path. Whether these gimmicks serve a procedural or rhetorical role, the end result is the same: fiscally irresponsible policies, larger deficits, and erosion of the American people’s con-fidence in our fiscal stewardship. As you know, our annual deficits are pro-jected to swell to over $1 trillion by the end of the decade. Equally troublesome, the na-tional debt is on an unsustainable trajec-tory. If we willfully choose to inaccurately account for taxing and spending legislation, then we will place our economic wellbeing in jeopardy and saddle future generations with the burden of shouldering today’s fiscal wrongs. Instead, we must be open and honest with the American people. The traditional CBO baseline best accomplishes that by pro-viding the most transparent and precise measure of the impacts of our fiscal policies. Accordingly, we urge you to resist calls to abandon the CBO baseline in the budget reso-lution so that the American people are fully apprised of how we are affecting the nation’s financial future. Sincerely, H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , Co-Chair, House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee. J
OSEPH CROWLEY , Chairman, House Democratic Caucus. S
TENY H. H OYER , House Democratic Whip. J
OHNYARMUTH , Ranking Member, House Committee on the Budget. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. DENNIS PRESLEY 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Dennis Presley of Buncombe County, North Carolina. On behalf of the peo-ple of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Mr. Presley for over 35 years of service to our communities and congratulate him on his recent retirement. Dennis Presley began his career with Skyland Fire and Rescue in 1978. From here, Chief Presley worked his way up from Fire-fighter to Chief of Skyland Fire and Rescue. While working in Skyland, Chief Presley also served Asheville Fire and Rescue as both a Captain and District Commander. During his time in Asheville, Chief Presley’s team was the first to save a life using an automatic defibrillator, and he received an award from the Asheville City Manager for his heroism during a swift water rescue. All told, Chief Presley has earned over 10 awards for his leadership, heroism, and devotion to his com-munity. Outside of the fire station, Chief Presley continues his dedication to the firefighters of Western North Carolina by serving as an in-surance agent for over thirty fire departments and as the first Chairman of the Buncombe County Fire Chiefs Association. In addition to this work in Buncombe County, Chief Presley actively serves in the Western North Carolina Association of Firefighters, the Buncombe County Firefighters Association, and as a Stat-istician with the North Carolina State Fire-fighters Association. While he has gone above and beyond the call of duty for his fellow fire-men, Chief Presley has also found time to lead his family, serve his church, and invest in many friendships. Chief Presley has earned the respect and friendship of the people of Buncombe County through his hard work and wide-ranging in-volvement in his community. For his service to Western North Carolina. I am honored to ex-press to Chief Presley the gratitude and best wishes of the people of North Carolina on his retirement. f 
HONORING GERTIE SOLE ARCHER 
HON. DAVID B. McKINLEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of Gertie Sole Archer, who passed away in August, for her service and contributions to her community. Mrs. Archer was born in Muddy Creek, West Virginia and lived in Middlebourne, WV for most of her life. Mrs. Archer contributed to her community as a County Clerk in Tyler County, as an active member in the Muddy Creek Church of Christ, the Tyler County High School Athletic and Band Boosters, and offered her time to many other community organizations. As a long-standing and active member of the Tyler County Republican Women’s Club, she enthusiastically volunteered to support the election of Republican candidates. As the first Republican Congressman from the 1st District in 42 years, I benefited from her work and friendship. She also worked tirelessly to im-prove the streetscape, parks and recreational facilities in Middlebourne, her hometown for 50 years. Today, we honor Mrs. Archer and her con-tributions to her community. We join her friends and family in mourning the loss of a stalwart in her community. MR. TOM CAMP’S 55 YEARS OF SAFE DRIVING FOR UPS HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate Livonia, Michigan resident, Tom Camp on achieving 55 years of safe driving for the United Parcel Service (UPS). Tom Camp is the first driver ever in UPS history to achieve 55 years of safe driving with no Department of Transportation reportable accidents during this period. Having driven over a million miles and transported over 5 million packages, 77-year- old Marine Corps veteran Tom Camp is al-ways on the lookout. He attributes his safe driving record to his keen sense of caution and awareness of the other drivers on the road. We should all take note from Mr. Camp’s advice, ‘‘You just have to pay attention out there. You can’t get distracted. Safety is No. 1.’’ His dedication to safety is perhaps only ri-valed by his passion for customer service. ‘‘Anyone can deliver a package,’’ he says. ‘‘It’s the person delivering the package that makes all the difference,’’ and, since 1962, Mr. Camp has taken this to heart, brightening the days of so many of his neighbors. I congratulate Mr. Camp on this record- breaking achievement and applaud him for serving as a role model of conscientious driv-ing and safety. Here’s to many more years of safe driving. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF INTER-NATIONAL PLASMA AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, on October 8 to 14, 2017, across the United States and throughout the world, patients, plasma donors and plasma collection centers will join together to observe International Plasma Awareness Week. There will be events to raise global awareness of the crucial need for plasma to create lifesaving therapies, recognize that plasma donors contribute greatly in saving and improving lives, and increase understanding of the many rare diseases and plasma protein therapies that help to treat them. Plasma-derived therapies and recombinant blood clotting factors, collectively known as plasma protein therapies, are unique, biologic medicines that are either infused or injected to treat a variety of rare, life-threatening, chronic, and genetic diseases including bleeding dis-orders, hereditary angioedema, immune defi-ciencies, pulmonary disorders, neurological disorders, shock and trauma, liver cirrhosis, and infectious diseases such as tetanus, hep-atitis, and rabies. Plasma-derived therapies save and improve lives of individuals throughout the world, in-cluding in emergency and surgical medicine. Plasma protein therapies have significantly im-proved the quality of life, markedly improved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.008 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1351 October 10, 2017 
patient outcomes, and extended the life ex-pectancy of individuals with rare, chronic dis-eases and conditions. Healthy, committed donors provide the plas-ma essential to manufacture these lifesaving therapies; and there are more than 575 plas-ma collection centers in the U.S. that have demonstrated their commitment to plasma donor and patient safety and quality by earn-ing International Quality Plasma Program (IQPP) certification. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me and rise in com-memoration of International Plasma Aware-ness Week, honoring those committed donors and collection centers who make and collect needed and lifesaving contributions. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COM-MANDER JONATHAN SCHAFLER 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing United States Coast Guard Community Affairs Officer Jonathan Schafler for his years of service as liaison to the Dis-trict of Columbia. Prior to his service as a Community Affairs Officer, Lieutenant Commander Schafler served as a drilling reservist. He was deployed overseas several times, including for one year in Iraq with Patrol Forces Southwest Asia as the Liaison to the Iraqi Coastal Boarder Guard, and in Spain with Port Security Unit 305. Since Lt. Cmdr. Schafler began his position as a Community Affairs Officer for the District of Columbia, he and his coworkers have con-tributed more than 55,000 volunteer hours to the District; delivered over 200,000 pounds of food to pantries in the Ward 8 community as part of the ‘‘Feds Feed Families’’ outreach program; loaned over 2,300 tents to various community outreach events; and implemented a successful ‘‘Partnerships in Education and Services’’ program at six D.C.-area schools. In addition to his work as a Community Af-fairs Officer, Lt. Cmdr. Schafler served as the Coast Guard liaison to the Anacostia Coordi-nating Council (ACC), a group that has been dedicated to the Ward 8 community since 1983. Lt. Cmdr. Schafler was designated as the liaison when he approached Vice Admiral Manson Brown at an ACC meeting. Lt. Cmdr. Schafler also worked at the United States Department of the Interior for 25 years as a National Park Service Ranger, Federal Game Warden and Wildlife Refuge Manager at nine locations, from Alaska to Puerto Rico. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing Lt. Cmdr. Jona-than Schafler for his years of service to the U.S. government and the District of Columbia. HONORING NEPPERHAN COMMU-NITY CENTER 75TH ANNIVER-SARY HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, in my district there are several community focused organi-zations that do amazing work on behalf of my constituents. The Nepperhan Community Cen-ter in Yonkers is one of those standout organi-zations, and this year it celebrates its incred-ible 75th anniversary. Nepperhan Community Center (NCC) was founded by a group of concerned neighbors in the Nepperhan section of Yonkers (now Run-yon Heights) in the late 1930s. This group wanted a meeting place that could also ac-commodate recreational activities and classes for the youth. In 1942, NCC became officially incorporated, and with the help of United Way, purchased a building at 117 Palisades Ave-nue. The activities offered at this location ex-panded to include cooking, basketball, sewing and occasional social dances. Scholarships were also offered to deserving students for up-state campsites. Through the years, the pro-grams and services offered by NCC increased by more than twenty-fold. Even though the de-mand for services was increasing, NCC was still functioning on a part-time basis. In the late 1960s, NCC relocated to 302 Warburton Ave-nue, where it undertook new programming, along with Yonkers YCAP, in the field of edu-cation, tutoring, remedial reading and math. NCC also started its first parental involvement program. NCC initiated a Black Studies and Cultural Enrichment program, which for the first time, afforded many young individuals in the com-munity the experience of going to black the-ater, plays, and seeing ballets. Today, NCC still carries on that tradition, in addition to pre-senting our own theatrical productions. During this time, NCC became aware of the many so-cial ills that were affecting our community in the areas of employment, housing, education, high youth crime, etc. NCC addressed these issues by setting up an Ex-Offender Program and a few years later a Youthful Offender pro-gram, with built-in help that offered assistance with employment, housing, life coping skills and education. Other programs included: wel-fare rights, veterans services, pre-trial inter-vention, drug programs, social and rec-reational programs. NCC has grown from a part-time social agency, serving a few people yearly, to now providing direct services, referral and sup-portive services on a full-time basis. The addi-tion of these capabilities has enabled NCC to assist thousands of children and their families. Today under strong leadership from Dr. Jim Bostic and his team, it continues to offer in-valuable service to the Yonkers community and beyond. I want to congratulate them on 75 terrific years and say here’s to 75 more. WELCOMING NEW CITIZENS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on Friday, Octo-ber 13, 2017. This memorable occasion will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On October 13, 2017, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Christopher Richard Sweet, Hikmat Mahmood Jbara, Abimbola Harninat Elenitoba-Johnson, Inessa Sergeyevna Bodrova, Radoslaw Jan Nabrzyski, Bhavik Kapilbhai Pathak, Zivojin Gino Djuric, Petrica Murariu Botez, Corina Gabriela Murariu-Botez, Obiefuna Foster Eze, Ai-Anh Thi Truong, Pavel Veljanoski, Caterina Susana Bosio Ruiz, Kan-Wei Coduti, Alejandra Diaz, Bijan Farajzadeh, Angela Izchel Fonseca, Adrian Fuentes, Gabriela Her-rera, Jean Yves Jean Mardy, Petra Pacheco Dorado, Maria Guadalupe Perretta, Patricia Reid-Sinclair, Liliana Romo, Samantha Wenz, Jade Yu Rui Yang, Radomir Cvetkovski, Lan Phuoc Mai, Gilles Jean Claude Charriere and Heidy Lobo Gibson. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘ . . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on October 13, 2017. They, too, will be Amer-ican citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, con-gratulate them and welcome them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.012 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1352 October 10, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN GABRIEL SMITH 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Mr. John Gabriel Smith, a constituent in St. Mary’s County, Maryland, whose courage broke barriers and advanced the cause of in-tegration and equality in our country. This Sat-urday, he will be honored at the homecoming game at Gonzaga College High School in Washington, DC, where he made history in 1954 as its first African-American graduate. Along with his two sisters, Gabe—as he is known to his family, friends, and neighbors in St. Mary’s County—learned hard work and dili-gence from his parents amid the turbulent times of Jim Crow as he grew up in the 1940’s. He found comfort and calm in the teachings of his Catholic faith and in fellow-ship at St. Peter Claver Church in Ridge, Maryland. There, he served as an altar boy and met the Jesuit priest who would become his mentor, Father Horace McKenna. Under the guidance of Father McKenna, Gabe devel-oped a deep desire to find God and pursue the priesthood. Asking his spiritual guide what he would need to do, he learned that he would first have to study Latin. However, none of the segregated schools in Southern Maryland of-fered Latin courses. From Father McKenna, though, Gabe also learned that Gonzaga College High offered Latin and all the other subjects prerequisite to prepare for the priesthood—and then-Arch-bishop Patrick O’Boyle had ordered the de-segregation of the schools within the Arch-diocese of Washington in 1948. Thus, in 1951, Gabe walked into Gonzaga College High as its first African-American student, bravely breaking the color barrier and preparing the way for the more than 1,100 African-American Gonzaga College High students who have fol-lowed him. At Gonzaga College High, Gabe witnessed less of the abusive conditions of segregation that he had encountered in Southern Mary-land, and many of his classmates stood with him in solidarity against bigotry outside the school walls. But as a member of the school’s Purple Eagle football team, he had to face op-posing teams from still-segregated schools whose players and fans directed their igno-rance and hatred in his direction. His coach, Joe Kozik, stood by him throughout and pre-sided over a team that rallied around Gabe. He would never forget the support he found among his peers and from Coach Kozik, who became as much a mentor to him as Father McKenna had been. When Gabe became the first African-Amer-ican student to graduate Gonzaga College High in 1954, the Supreme Court reached its historic decision in Brown v. Board of Edu-cation and required the complete integration of America’s public schools. Gabe and others who had already been trailblazers inspired other young African-American students around the country to be the first in their communities to desegregate their local schools as our na-tion struggled to achieve full enforcement of the Brown decision in the years that followed. While Gabe never ended up becoming a priest, he nonetheless rooted his life strongly in faith and built a career as a pharmacist upon the foundation in Latin and the sciences that he studied first at Gonzaga College High and then later at Howard University. He worked in the field for more than four dec-ades, retiring this past spring. For many years now, Gabe has been an active member of the Mt. Ennon Baptist Church’s Men’s Ministry, helping to inspire others to achieve and pur-sue their own dreams as he did his. I hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating Gabe on his retirement after a long and productive career serving the community in St. Mary’s County and on being honored this weekend at his alma mater. I wish him and his wife of fifty years—Mrs. Jeanette Graves Smith—and their entire family well on this happy occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE QUINCY AIR EVAC LIFETEAM’S 20TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I recog-nize the Quincy Air Evac Lifeteam for their commitment to our community as they cele-brate their 20th anniversary. For twenty years, the Quincy Air Evac Lifeteam provided lifesaving access to crucial medical services for those who need it most. By providing air ambulance support, the Quin-cy Air Evac Lifeteam provided safe and rapid emergency transportation to the most vulner-able in the Quincy community. The Quincy Air Evac Lifeteam is essential to the safety of citi-zens in the rural communities of Illinois’ 18th Congressional District. The Quincy Air Evac Lifeteam sets the gold standard for care among Air Evac Lifeteams around the country. In 2017, the National Paramedic of the year for Air Evac Lifeteam was awarded to a member of Quincy’s team. I am grateful to the Quincy Air Evac Lifeteam for their service to our community and the lives they have saved. I extend my sincere congratulations to the Quincy Air Evac Lifeteam on twenty years of service and I wish for their continued safety as they continue to protect the Quincy commu-nity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM MURPHY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, owing to a leave of absence for personal rea-sons, I was unable to cast votes on October 4th and 5th. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On Roll Call No. 553, the Rep. Grijalva Pro-gressive Caucus Substitute Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 (the FY’ 2018 Budget Resolu-tion), I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ On Roll Call No. 554, the Rep. Scott Con-gressional Black Caucus Substitute Amend-ment to H. Con. Res. 71 (the FY’ 2018 Budget Resolution), I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ On Roll Call No. 555, the Rep. McClintock Republican Study Committee Substitute Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 (the FY’ 2018 Budget Resolution), I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ On Roll Call No. 556, Rep. Yarmuth Demo-cratic Caucus Substitute Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 (the FY’ 2018 Budget Resolu-tion), I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ On Roll Call No. 557, Adoption of H. Con. Res. 71 (the FY’ 2018 Budget Resolution), I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 558, Approval of the Jour-nal, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PATRICIA YATES 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Patricia Yates, who passed away on October 2, 2017, after a lifetime of public service to her community. Born in San Fran-cisco on February 18, 1921, Mrs. Yates was raised in a family with a well-regarded history of public service at both the state and local level. This environment helped mold in her a passion for service. She graduated from U.C. Berkeley in 1941 before immediately going to work for the federal government. During World War II, Mrs. Yates worked as an economist for the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, and traveled across the country to inspect stores and track the prices of vital goods. This exposure to people from all walks of life and their diverse lifestyles, contextualized her dedication to public service. By 1952, Mrs. Yates moved with her hus-band to Marin County, where she would reside for the rest of her life. She attained a Masters of Arts in teaching from Dominican University in 1967, and became a teacher at San Domenico High School in San Anselmo. There, she endeavored to instill her passion for civic engagement into her students, even-tually becoming the chair of the school’s social studies department. After 8 years of teaching, Mrs. Yates retired in order to pursue her grow-ing passion for land and resource conserva-tion in Marin County. Following years of volunteer work with Marin Conservation League, Mrs. Yates became one of the first women to be elected to the Board of the Marin Municipal Water District in 1982. She occupied this role for six years over the course of two terms, serving as the Board President for two of those years. Even after retiring from the Board in 1991, she continued to volunteer her time teaching students and the public about ecology and the importance of the natural environment. Mr. Speaker, the depth of Mrs. Yates’ serv-ice to her community has left a lasting legacy in Marin County, and she will be dearly missed. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and honor her many con-tributions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.016 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1353 October 10, 2017 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DIANE GLASSER 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is with tre-mendous sadness that I rise today to honor the life and contributions of Diane Glasser. Diane was a former Vice Mayor of the City of Tamarac, a dear personal friend, a con-stituent, and an activist who contributed great-ly to the growth of Democratic politics in Broward County and Florida. She passed away on October 10, 2017 at the age of 89, and is survived by her son Craig Glasser of Sunrise, Florida. Originally from Mill Basin in Brooklyn, New York, Diane and her husband moved to the City of Tamarac in 1973. She worked in the construction industry for twelve years. In 2004, Diane was appointed First Vice Chairwoman of the Florida Democratic Party. She was then elected to the Tamarac City Commission in 2008, where she served until her retirement in 2016. She also served on various Boards in Broward County, including the Broward School Board Senior Advisory Task Force and the Broward Human Rights Board. Diane was an Elected Florida Delegate in the last six Democratic National Conventions, and cast her vote in the Electoral College for the State of Florida in 1996 for Former Presi-dent Bill Clinton and in 2000 for Former Vice President Al Gore. Mr. Speaker, Diane was a very special woman who profoundly impacted our commu-nity. Her spirit and loving memory will always live on. She will be dearly missed. 
f 
HONORING THOMAS MACAULAY’S 50 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE MASSENA VOLUNTEER FIRE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Macaulay for his 50 years of service in the Massena Volunteer Fire Depart-ment. Since joining the department in 1967, Mr. Macaulay has proven to be an effective lead-er, advancing through the ranks of Lieutenant, Captain, and Assistant Chief of the depart-ment. As a testament to his distinguished service, he was chosen by his peers as Fire-man of the Year in 1998. A decade later, Mr. Macaulay was elected to serve as Chief of the department until 2010. Currently serving as Treasurer, he continues to be a valuable asset to the Massena community. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to thank Mr. Macaulay for the sac-rifices he has made in protecting the residents of Massena for over half a century. We ap-plaud Mr. Macaulay for his selfless service, and for acting as an example for future gen-erations of firefighters. HONORING THE WORK OF REG-ISTERED NURSES IN AFTER-MATH OF NATURAL DISASTERS HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor registered nurses across our nation who have urgently worked on the front lines after the deadly hurricanes this past season. In particular, Dotty Nygard and Rhonda Risner, who are a part of a large network of volunteers that are deployed after natural disasters to help take care of patients. Three weeks after Hurricane Harvey hit south Texas, registered nurses were deployed for weeks at a time. There these nurses gave dedicated care to their patients to ensure that the viruses had not spread to anyone and that they received the specific attention they need-ed. Their work was integral to the safety of victims after natural disasters. Viruses and dis-eases can spread quickly after natural disas-ters due to the number of different people in confined places. It is the nurses who spot the signs of these viruses as soon as they can, and it is the nurses who become the first de-fense against the spreading of flus and other life-threatening viruses. While serving the victims of the hurricane, nurses encountered a multitude of chronic issues, including heart attacks, strokes, and hypertensive crises from patients who have ei-ther never had access to health care or lost their medications in the floods. It is because of nurses’ insight, diligent observation, and quick response that these people are still alive today. Nurses across the nation have created a network of 20,000 volunteers who have trav-eled the world, helping victims of natural dis-asters. The nurses have gone to the Phil-ippines after a tsunami, Haiti following the earthquake, and worked with the U.S. Navy in Central and South America. Many of the pa-tients they face have no access to their medi-cations after a disaster or their access to med-ical care is severely limited or non-existent. These nurses are at the front lines saving lives in disasters all over the world, and their work cannot be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, across the nation registered nurses’ dedication and benevolence in their care for victims of natural disasters all over the world are integral to patients’ safety and well-being and the eventual recovery of any area. We must always remember to honor and thank those first responders in their work around the world, especially those nurses who give up their time in hospitals and health cen-ters to care for victims after a natural disaster. 
f 
HONORING DR. DEIRDRE J. LOUGHLIN 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Dr. Deirdre J. Loughlin. Deirdre’s work as a teacher has touched the lives of so many students and families. As Manager of Staff Development, she poured her time and talent into creating an atmosphere of excel-lence throughout Worcester Public Schools, leaving a legacy of progress that will benefit our students for years to come. But Mr. Speaker, her lessons extended far beyond the classroom. In fact, if you spent the day with her, you would think she taught the entire city of Worcester. Seldom does a day pass by that she doesn’t run into a former stu-dent. Deirdre is the kind of teacher that be-comes a friend for life: staying in touch as stu-dents grow and continue on to that next chap-ter, always remembering a name, a memory— and yes, even that homework assignment you missed in Chemistry class. In the years I have known her, I have been personally inspired by her drive to make things better for every single young person in Worcester, no matter who they are or where they’re from. She’s worked with the School Committee to set strategic goals and measure success by the best benchmarks available. She’s gotten creative, partnering with outside organizations to improve each school’s cur-riculum and expand students’ horizons. She’s created a solid foundation which our schools will build upon for generations. And she’s never lost sight of what it’s all about at the end of the day: ensuring that each student has the support and opportunities he or she needs to thrive. It is with warm wishes and a deep apprecia-tion for her lifetime of public service that I send my congratulations on behalf of the peo-ple of Worcester and the United States Con-gress as together we celebrate ‘‘Dr. Deirdre J. Loughlin Day’’ on October fifteenth, two thou-sand seventeen. f 
IN HONOR OF SHERANDO HIGH SCHOOL’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate an excellent high school in the 10th Congressional District of Virginia, Frederick County’s Sherando High School, while the school community is cele-brating its 25th Anniversary. The school’s slogan, ‘‘where one person can make a difference,’’ summarizes the car-ing, respectful culture that has been created at Sherando High School during those 25 years. Central to this special culture are the guiding words of the Mission for the staff, wherein they accept responsibility for providing ‘‘a safe and supportive environment that encourages intellectual, emotional, physical and social growth’’ and ‘‘a positive educational atmos-phere which will encourage students to maxi-mize their learning opportunities.’’ The Sherando community is proud of the fact that the entire community supports students with learning differences and that these students are encouraged to be an important part of the school and to benefit from the daily edu-cational and social activities of the school. This caring attitude also extends to other stu-dents, including those struggling with severe depression. Hundreds of members of the Sherando community have participated in Out of the Darkness walks, raising funds for sui-cide prevention programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.020 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1354 October 10, 2017 
Another important aspect of Sherando High School’s culture is summed up in the third sentence of the staff mission statement: ‘‘We will promote the active participation of parents and the community in the educational proc-ess.’’ This welcoming attitude of the school has provided the community the opportunity to cheer on Sherando students in a variety of pursuits, including dramatic productions, D.E.C.A and FFA activities, choir concerts, The Widget Cup, a design/build interscholastic competition that shows off the talents of Ca-reer and Technical Education students, and the marching band, which recently took first place in General Effect, Drum Major, and Color Guard disciplines at the Hylton High School Marching Band Competition. The motto of the school, ‘‘Once a warrior, always a warrior’’ certainly rings true in the area of athletics, where community residents and alumni get caught up with Sherando foot-ball and other athletics, and even travel long distances to see their athletes compete at regionals and at state championships. And at the very event that took place on October 7, 2017, several athletes from the past are going to be recognized as the first inductees into the Sherando Athletic Hall of Fame. Congratula-tions to Tyler Gaines, Kelley Washington, Emily Budnyk-Putt, Robyn Ritter-Browne, Zach Franz, Pepper Martin, and Jason Barbe for this special recognition. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me and our colleagues in congratulating Principal John Nelson, his dedicated staff and the entire Sherando High School community, on 25 years of extraordinary success and in wishing them a continuation of this success in the years to come. 
f 
YONKERS GUARDIANS ASSOCIATION 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Yonkers Guardians Association, an organization in the Yonkers community dedi-cated to promoting equal opportunities within the Yonkers Police Department. The Yonkers Guardians Association, incor-porated in 1988 under the leadership of first president, Lieutenant Lorenzo Paul, is a fra-ternal organization comprised of African Amer-ican Police and Detention Officers. Dedicated to promoting equal opportunities of appoint-ment, assignment and promotion for members of the Yonkers Police Department, and to de-vising and executing plans to assist its mem-bers morally, financially, educationally and cul-turally. The association’s mission is to encour-age community members to be conscience of the criminal justice system and to enhance the quality of life in the African American commu-nity. Moreover, the Organization’s goal is to foster an indispensable alliance with the com-munity by creating partnerships, programs and building relationships with community based organizations that share the ideals and com-mon principles of the Guardians Association. In addition to working to increase the num-ber of African American Police Officers the Guardians have honored outstanding women in our community through its ‘‘Mother’s Day Award Dinner’’. Using the motto ‘‘Protecting our Future today’’ the Guardians have also made a commitment to programs that help our local youth partnering with the My Brother’s Keeper initiative to mentor our local youth. The Guardians had also formed alliances with the National Association of Black Law En-forcement (NABLEO), the Westchester/Rock-land Guardians Association, the Nepperhan Community Center, Compact for Learning in the 21st Century, the Cluster Westchester Me-diation Center, the Yonkers Department of Parks and Recreation, the Yonkers Drug Court, the Westchester Coalition Against Big-otry, the Yonkers NAACP, the Yonkers Public Schools, the Municipal Housing Authority and the Salvation Army. Under the leadership of past presidents Lieutenant Lorenzo Paul, De-tective Charles Morton, Detective Donald Wil-son, Detective Stuart Barksdale, Police Officer Joseph Lecoq, Detective Vincent Tilson and current President Sergeant Charles Walker the Guardians seek to bridge relationships be-tween Law Enforcement and the Minority Community, to be a voice against injustice and work to create opportunities for the members of the community which we are a part of. They have done a tremendous job with that, and I congratulate them on all they’ve accom-plished. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10OC8.024 E10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1065 Tuesday, October 10, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 9:52:47 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 9:53:25 a.m. until 8:30 a.m., on Friday, October 13, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3995–4005; and H. Res. 563–566 were introduced.
                                                Pages H7917–18 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7918–19 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 378, to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agen-cies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–341); H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients (H. Rept. 115–342); H.R. 3031, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–343); H.R. 3243, to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to information technology, to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–344); and H. Res. 562, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistleblower protec-tions for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and increased ac-countability and required discipline for Federal su-pervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from October 16, 2017, through October 20, 2017; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 115–345).   Page H7917 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fitzpatrick to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H7893 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:18 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H7895 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Murphy, wherein he resigned as Rep-resentative for the Eighteenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, effective October 21, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page H7895 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 5 p.m.
                                                          Page H7896 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’: H.R. 1858, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Penn-sylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 397 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 558; 
                                                                Pages H7896–97, H7901–02 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Of-fice Building’’: H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10OC7.REC D10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1066 October 10, 2017 
Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’;
                   Pages H7898–99 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitz-gerald Kennedy Post Office’’; H.R. 2464, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 395 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 559; 
                                                                      Pages H7899, H7902–03 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Ekpanya Post Of-fice Building’’: H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Ekpanya Post Office Building’’; and 
                                                                             Pages H7899–H7900 
Javier Vega, Jr. Memorial Act of 2017: S. 1617, to designate the checkpoint of the United States Border Patrol located on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, as the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Bor-der Patrol Checkpoint’’.
                                 Pages H7900–01 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:44 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H7901 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jef-frey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’: H.R. 452, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’.
                                                                   Pages H7897–98 
Senate Referrals: S. 692 was referred to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 1103 was held at the desk. S. 1595 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H7916 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H7896. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7901–02 and H7902–03. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:03 p.m. Committee Meetings 
DR. CHRIS KIRKPATRICK WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 585, the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a closed rule for S. 585. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from October 16, 2017, through October 20, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the pre-vious day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of October 12, 2017, or October 13, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain mo-tions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Mi-nority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Testimony was heard from Representatives Mitchell, Cummings, and Kuster of New Hampshire. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the 2017 Agenda for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining How Covered Entities Utilize the 340B Drug Pric-ing Program’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jan 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\D10OC7.REC D10OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1067 October 10, 2017 Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to reauthorize appropriations for the Federal Com-munications Commission, to provide for certain proce-dural changes to the rules of the Commission to maxi-mize opportunities for public participation and efficient decision making, and for other purposes, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, begin markup on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Ac-quisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1116, the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1585, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain quali-fications of individuals as accredited investors for purposes of the securities laws; H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innova-tion Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2121, the ‘‘Pension, Endowment, and Mutual Fund Access to Bank-ing Act’’; H.R. 2148, the ‘‘Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans’’; H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Har-bor Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act’’; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 3072, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Ex-amination and Reporting Threshold Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3758, the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3857, the ‘‘Protecting Advice for Small Savers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3898, the ‘‘Impeding North Korea’s Access to Finance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3903, the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3911, the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examination Act’’; H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3972, the ‘‘Family Office Technical Cor-rection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3973, the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting the Full Range of Iranian Threats’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Lebanon’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The State Department and USAID FY 2018 Africa Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming GPO for the 21st Cen-tury and Beyond: Part 4’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 219, the ‘‘Swan Lake Hydro-electric Project Boundary Correction Act’’; H.R. 2630, the ‘‘La Paz County Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 3373, to amend the District of Columbia Stadium Act of 1957 to extend for an additional 50 years the lease under which the government of the District of Columbia uses the ground under and the parking facilities associated with Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium; and H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on legislation to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to distribute revenues from oil and gas leasing on the outer Continental Shelf to certain coastal States, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3990, the ‘‘National Monument Creation and Protection Act’’; H. Res. 555, of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Sec-retary of the Interior to transmit, respectively, certain documents and other information to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to the executive order on the review of designations under the Antiquities Act, 4 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Re-view of the U.S. Government’s Role in Protecting Inter-national Religious Freedom’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘Security Clearance Investigation Challenges and Reforms’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘NIST’s Physical Security Vulnerabilities: A GAO Undercover Review’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Paperwork Reduction Act Part II: Are Burdens Being Reduced?’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Highways and Transit, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Highways and Transit Stakeholders’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing on ‘‘H.R. 815, to amend title 38, United States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 3018, the ‘‘Veterans’ Entry to Apprenticeship Act’’; H.R. 3634, the ‘‘SERVE Act of 2017’’; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the ap-plicability of certain provisions of the Administrative Pro-cedure Act to housing and business loan programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements to the use of educational assistance provided by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for flight training programs; legislation to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligible organizations for the provision of transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces recently separated from active duty service; and legisla-tion to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approving agencies for multi- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10OC7.REC D10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1068 October 10, 2017 State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the edu-cational assistance programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities to Expand U.S. Trade Relationships in the Asia-Pacific Region’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of October 11 through October 13, 2017 Senate Chamber Senate will meet in a pro forma session on Friday, October 13, 2017. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. House Committees 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, October 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Mis-sions and Management Priorities’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. October 12, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Trade Barriers: Protectionist Cross Border Data Flow Policies Impact on U.S. Jobs’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, October 12, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. October 12, Full Committee, continue markup on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1116, the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Op-eration Risk Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1585, to amend the Se-curities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of in-dividuals as accredited investors for purposes of the secu-rities laws; H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufac-tured Housing Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2121, the ‘‘Pension, Endowment, and Mutual Fund Access to Banking Act’’; H.R. 2148, the ‘‘Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans’’; H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act’’; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 3072, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Ex-amination and Reporting Threshold Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3758, the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3857, the ‘‘Protecting Advice for Small Savers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3898, the ‘‘Impeding North Korea’s Access to Finance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3903, the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3911, the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examination Act’’; H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3972, the ‘‘Family Office Technical Cor-rection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3973, the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’, 1 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. October 13, Full Committee, continue markup on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1116, the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Op-eration Risk Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1585, to amend the Se-curities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of in-dividuals as accredited investors for purposes of the secu-rities laws; H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufac-tured Housing Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2121, the ‘‘Pension, Endowment, and Mutual Fund Access to Banking Act’’; H.R. 2148, the ‘‘Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans’’; H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act’’; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 3072, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Ex-amination and Reporting Threshold Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3758, the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3857, the ‘‘Protecting Advice for Small Savers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3898, the ‘‘Impeding North Korea’s Access to Finance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3903, the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3911, the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examination Act’’; H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3972, the ‘‘Family Office Technical Cor-rection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3973, the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’. Time and location to be an-nounced. Committee on Foreign Affairs, October 12, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 535, the ‘‘Taiwan Travel Act’’; and H.R. 1698, the ‘‘Iran Ballistic Missiles and Inter-national Sanctions Enforcement Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, October 12, Sub-committee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing First Re-sponder Communications’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. October 12, Subcommittee on Oversight and Manage-ment Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Empty Threat or Seri-ous Danger: Assessing North Korea’s Risk to the Home-land’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, October 12, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017; H.R. 2228, the ‘‘Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; and legislation on the Protecting Access to the Courts for Taxpayers Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, October 12, Sub-committee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10OC7.REC D10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1069 October 10, 2017 River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3916, the ‘‘FISH Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. October 13, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, legislation to achieve domestic energy independ-ence by empowering States to manage the development and production of oil and gas on available Federal land, and for other purposes, 9 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, October 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing on the 2020 Census’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, October 12, Subcommittee on Health and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Fostering Women’s Entrepreneurial Success’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. October 12, Subcommittee on Investigations, Over-sight, and Regulations; and Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Improvements Needed: SBA OIG’s Review of the Microloan Program’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, October 12, Full Com-mittee, markup, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. October 12, Full Committee, hearing on legislation on the Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017; and H.R. 2773, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing Hall, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10OC7.REC D10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1070 October 10, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Friday, October 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, October 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of S. 585—Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under sus-pension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1349, E1353 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1347 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1349 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1347 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1348 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1348, E1351, E1354 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1349 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1353 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1352 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1352 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1348 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E1349 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1353 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1352 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1350 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1353 McKinley, David B., W.Va., E1350 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1350 Murphy, Tim, Pa., E1352 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E1347 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1351 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1348 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1349 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1347 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1353 Trott, David A., Mich., E1350 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1351 Williams, Roger, Tex., E1348 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10OC7.REC D10OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST