Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7977 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2017 No. 164 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, October 13, 2017, at 8:30 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
THURSDAY , OCTOBER 12, 2017 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, October 12, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RADLEY  B
YRNE to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Dana Milbank had an interesting col-umn in the morning Post about the feckless congressional response to the opioid crisis. Both the administration and Congress have been good at hyping the crisis, but when it comes time to actually taking action, almost nothing happens. The failure to protect our citizens is appalling, especially since most of the opioid crisis is a result of failed public policies. We have spent over $1 trillion on a failed war on drugs that con-centrates on prohibition and punish-ment instead of treatment, which would help people break the cycle of addiction. The challenges that drove people to abuse opioids in the first place, like chronic pain, depression, and lax poli-cies prescribing vast quantities of ever- more powerful opioids, should never have been allowed to happen in the first place. It was a public policy fail-ure of government, the industry, and, sadly, some unscrupulous practitioners that allowed the addiction genie out of the bottle. When denied access to opioids, peo-ple, understandably, turn to heroin and other damaging and addictive drugs be-cause they were trapped by these pow-erful forces. Few people willingly dam-age their bodies and destroy their fami-lies and careers, if not for powerful forces beyond their control. As appalling as this failure is, what is even worse is that we fail to take reasonable, commonsense steps to stop it. The easiest solution is to provide more access to medical marijuana, al-ready available in 28 States. This avail-ability, by the way, has been driven as a result of citizen action and not politi-cians, who have too often been afraid to touch it. The evidence is powerful and over-whelming. Where there is access to medical marijuana to treat the prob-lems that drove people on the path to addiction in the first place, there are fewer pills prescribed and overdose deaths drop. It is clear that using medical mari-juana is as effective, or perhaps even more effective, than opioids to treat pain. They cause less damage to peo-ple’s health and are far less costly than pharmaceuticals. I provided the sub-committee taking testimony with the facts and citations that would justify digging deep into this potential solu-tion. Cannabis reduces overdose deaths, re-duces opioid consumption, and it can prevent dose escalation and the devel-opment of opioid tolerance, which leads to that cycle, and too often, trag-ically, opioid deaths: 175 people a day. As my friend, GREGWALDEN , pointed out in the subcommittee hearing yes-terday, more people die in Oregon from opioid overdose than traffic accidents. More benefits, fewer side effects, lower costs. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the evidence I gave to the Sub-committee on Health yesterday. 
PHYSICIAN GUIDE TO CANNABIS -ASSISTED  O
PIOID REDUCTION  (Prepared by Adrianne Wilson-Poe, Ph.D.) Cannabis reduces opioid overdose mor-tality. In states with medicinal cannabis laws, opioid overdoses drop by an average of 25%. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.000 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7978 October 12, 2017 
This effect gets bigger the longer the law has been in place. For instance, there is a 33% drop in mortality in California, where com-passionate use has been in place since 1996. This finding was replicated by Columbia’s school of public health, using a completely different analysis strategy. Cannabis reduces opioid consumption. Cannabis is opioid-sparing in chronic pain patients. When patients are given access to cannabis, they drop their opioid use by roughly 50%. This finding has been rep-licated several times from Ann Arbor to Je-rusalem. This opioid sparing effect is accompanied by an enhancement of cognitive function once patients begin cannabis therapy: this effect is most likely due to the fact that pa-tients reduce their opioid use. Cannabis use is associated with a reduction in not only opioid consumption, but also many other drugs including benzodiazepines, which also have a high incidence of fatal overdose. In states with medicinal cannabis laws, the number of prescriptions for analge-sic and anxiolytic drugs (among others) are substantially reduced. Medicare and Med-icaid prescription costs are substantially lower in states with cannabis laws. Cannabis can prevent dose escalation and the development of opioid tolerance. Cannabinoids and opioids have acute an-algesic synergy. When opioids and cannabinoids are coadministered, they produce greater than additive analgesia. This suggests that analgesic dose of opioids is substantially lower for patients using can-nabis therapy. In chronic pain patients on opioid therapy, cannabis does not affect pharmacokinetics of opioids, yet it still enhances analgesia. This finding further supports a synergistic mecha-nism of action. Pre-clinical models indicate that cannabinoids attenuate the development of opioid tolerance. Cannabis, alone or in combination with opioids, could be a viable first-line analgesic. The CDC has updated its recommendations in the spring of 2016, stating that most cases of chronic pain should be treated with non- opioids. The National Academies of Science and Medicine recently conducted an exhaustive review of 10,000+ human studies published since 1999, definitively concluding that can-nabis itself (not a specific cannabinoid or cannabis-derived molecule) is safe and effec-tive for the treatment of chronic pain. When 3,000 chronic pain patients were sur-veyed, they overwhelmingly preferred can-nabis as an opioid alternative. 97% ‘‘strongly agreed/agreed’’ that they could decrease their opioid use when using cannabis. 92% ‘‘strongly agreed/agreed’’ that they prefer cannabis to treat their medical condi-tion. 81% ‘‘strongly agreed/ agreed’’ that can-nabis by itself was more effective than tak-ing opioids. Cannabis may be a viable tool in medica-tion-assisted relapse prevention. CBD is non-intoxicating, and is the 2nd most abundant cannabinoid found in can-nabis. CBD alleviates the anxiety that leads to drug craving. In human pilot studies, CBD administration is sufficient to prevent her-oin craving for at least 7 days. Cannabis users are more likely to adhere to naltrexone maintenance for opioid de-pendence. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. There is a rea-son that up to 90 percent of the Amer-ican public favors greater access to medical marijuana. Last year, voters in Florida approved their program by over 70 percent. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Govern-ment continues to interfere, threat-ening medical marijuana programs, which requires Congress to step in to shield it, as we have done last year and for the previous 2 years. Unfortunately, the Rules Committee denied us a chance to vote on it. Last Congress, both Houses approved measures for VA doctors to be able to consult with veterans who have a seri-ous overdose problem. Despite passing both Chambers, it was stripped out and the Rules Committee failed to allow us to vote on this as well. Most tragically, Congress continues to allow the Federal Government to have a stranglehold on research to be conducted to be able to definitely an-swer these questions. I strongly urge my colleagues to join my friend, Dr. ANDYHARRIS , and me on our research bill, H.R. 3391. There is no reason that the Federal Government denies research to be able to defini-tively answer these questions. I am tired of looking at the opioid damage in my State and around the country, and have Congress propose Band-aids when there is a simple, com-monsense, widely accepted, and pop-ular approach: allow people access to medical marijuana. The time to do it is now. Lives are being lost as we dither. 
f 
NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS AWARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of The Academy of Our Lady of Peace in New Provi-dence, New Jersey, and the Woodland School in Warren, New Jersey, for being named Blue Ribbon Schools by the United States Department of Edu-cation. New Providence is in Union County, and Warren is in Somerset County, New Jersey, both in the district I have the honor of representing. The National Blue Ribbon Schools award honors public and private ele-mentary, middle, and high schools where students perform at very high levels or where significant improve-ments are being made in levels of achievement. The Academy of Our Lady of Peace and the Woodland School were cited as exemplary high-performing schools, as measured by State assessments and na-tional tests. This recognition is a testament to the outstanding work and dedication of the faculty and staff in creating schools where students master chal-lenging content. These are among our youngest students, infectious in their enthusiasm because of the excellent schools they attend. I commend Joel Castillo, principal of the Academy of Our Lady of Peace; and Jeffrey Heaney, principal of the Wood-land School, for all of their hard work. I also commend the faculty, parents, and the communities in general. This prestigious award is noted throughout the country, and certainly the United States Department of Edu-cation is to be commended for pre-senting these awards. The Academy of Our Lady of Peace and the Woodland School are proud ex-amples of academic excellence and wor-thy of this national distinction. f 
ASSISTANCE FOR PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, a lit-tle over a month ago, Hurricane Irma struck the Caribbean island of St. Maarten very hard. Within a couple of days, I got a call from loved ones of a couple of constitu-ents. They had family members trapped at a hotel in St. Maarten with dozens of other Americans. The power was out, they were running out of food and water, and incidents of looting were reported. So they called me, their Congressman, and I called the State Department to see what could be done. Within 36 hours of my call, our U.S. citizens—nearly 150 of them—were evacuated from an island, in the ocean, surrounded by water. Do you know where they were taken to for safety? Puerto Rico. Yes, Puerto Rico, where it has now been 3 weeks since Hurri-cane Maria and most people do not have power or clean drinking water, and where the deterioration of the healthcare system is leaving people without critical treatments and caus-ing the death toll to go up. Now, in St. Maarten, this is what the State Department said, according to NBC News: ‘‘Evacuation efforts will prioritize U.S. citizens needing urgent medical care.’’ Within a few days, they had evacu-ated 1,200 Americans. So, right now, if a thousand U.S. citi-zens are facing danger in Japan, Ethi-opia, or Finland, our State Department would arrange to save them. But we have millions of Americans facing dan-ger in Puerto Rico and we can’t get the same help, not from the military, not from FEMA, and not from the State Department, because they don’t assist U.S. citizens who are on U.S. soil, even if that soil is a colony in the ocean sur-rounded by water, as our President re-minds us. It took 36 hours to get evacuated from St. Maarten. Three weeks in Puerto Rico and still no plan for evacu-ation. This morning, the President is tweeting that he wants to pull FEMA and the military out of Puerto Rico. How long do we have to stay in Puer-to Rico, Mr. President? Until every Puerto Rican’s name is taken off the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial Wall or erased from the records of the Korean war, Afghanistan, and Iraq. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.004 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7979 October 12, 2017 
As long as it takes. They gave their lives and died. Yesterday, a lot of us received mili-tary briefings from FEMA, the mili-tary, and Homeland Security. I wanted to know whether FEMA and the mili-tary are prepared to take people off the island, as we normally do in emergency situations. We did it in Houston, in Jacksonville, and New Orleans. No, the Governor has not asked for help in evacuating people, they told me. I asked: How many bridges, even temporary ones, have been constructed in Puerto Rico to replace those de-stroyed by the hurricane to allow for the transportation of supplies and the evacuation of people? They said: None, Congressman. Zero. We have not erected any bridges. Again, because the Governor of Puerto Rico hasn’t asked us to. When I was there, I flew over the town of Maricao in the mountains, well known for coffee. There are six ways in and out of the town, and five of those bridges are gone. Three weeks after D-day in 1944, the allies liberated the deepwater port of Cherbourg, one of the most important objectives in France. It took 20 days and we built bridges and communica-tion lines along the way. We made better progress in the 3 weeks after D-day than we are making on Puerto Rico. And in Puerto Rico, to the best of my knowledge, there are no Germans shooting at us. Now, when I asked the officials about evacuating people from the island, they had no real answer. But if I remember correctly, FEMA and the military come to us to fund their budget every year. They are accountable to this Con-gress. We are accountable to our constitu-ents. Constituents are coming to me, as they did in St. Maarten, and are say-ing: Help us get our families out of danger’s way. Mr. Speaker, when will we be able to give these constituents an answer as to why their family members and loved ones aren’t being allowed to leave the island and evacuated from danger? This weekend, Members of Congress are going to Puerto Rico. I spoke with a few of them and said: Hey, at night, you should go to this place where it is really bad. One stopped me, cut me off, and said: Congressman, we are not staying over-night. So, on an island where 95 percent of the power is out, our Members of Con-gress are only going to see things dur-ing the day, not during the pitch-black darkness, which is what Puerto Ricans are living with every single night for the last 3 weeks. Regardless of what my colleagues see during the day or what the President tweets in the morning, my friends stand in line for hours for food, if they can find it; my constituents are wor-ried about their family members; and 5 million Puerto Ricans in the diaspora have run out of patience. We want our people free to live in the United States of America wherever they can. Mr. Speaker, my constituents want the government to help get their fami-lies out of danger’s way. 
f 
HONORING THE MANY ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF STUART EPPERSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize North Carolina Fifth Dis-trict constituent, Mr. Stuart Epperson, whose work has positively affected so many in North Carolina and so many across this great Nation. Stuart, or ‘‘Stu,’’ as his friends know him, is living proof that not only is the American Dream possible, it is achiev-able if you are simply willing to work hard for it. Stu’s story is a model one for all. b1015 Growing up on a small tobacco farm in Virginia, Stu learned hard work and perseverance. In the 1980s, Stu and his brother-in-law started the Salem Media Group to minister to and report positive news to families across the country. Under his leadership, Salem Media Group and Salem Radio now host 120 radio stations, 67 of which are in the top 25 markets, and operate 2,400 affili-ates. Mr. Speaker, at a time when many Americans opt to turn off the news due to the negative content, Mr. Epperson’s audience is tuning in to be inspired and to be informed. The content put forth by the Salem Media Group serves as a beacon of hope to the many families seeking positive and instructive stories. Mr. Speaker, when I consider the body of Mr. Epperson’s work, I am re-minded of the parable of the faithful servant in Luke 12:48. The Good Book tells us that: ‘‘For unto whomsoever much is given, of him much shall be re-quired. . . . ‘’ The Lord has certainly gifted Mr. Epperson with some amazing abilities, and in return, Mr. Epperson has used these talents to give back to multiple community activities. Among those activities are the Win-ston-Salem Rescue Mission, Salem Pregnancy Care Center, One Kid at a Time mentoring program, and the Christian Association of Youth Men-toring, which he founded. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I am sure that Stu would agree that the adage ‘‘be-hind every good man is a good woman’’ is a true one for him. Stu married the love of his life, Nancy Etsinger Epperson, 54 years ago. This lovely couple has 4 children and 21 grand-children. I commend Stu Epperson not only for his many accomplishments but also for his dedication to ensuring that radio remains family-friendly and value-fo-cused. In recognition of Stu’s life and work, I am pleased to announce that soon Stu will be receiving the highly coveted Vision and Leadership Award from the Family Research Council. This award is justly deserved by such an accomplished man, and I add my sa-lute to him. I know that the community in Win-ston-Salem, this Nation, and the wider world have benefitted from Stu Epperson’s many efforts to make the world a better place. I commend Mr. Epperson on his many accomplish-ments and his service to our Nation. 
f 
STRUGGLES IN PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, it is hard to tell where and in what direction Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands are heading today. There is not enough food, millions are struggling to live without drinking water and elec-tricity, and only 8 percent of the roads are open to traffic. Containers with supplies, medical supplies, and food and other commod-ities are sitting in containers on the docks in the Port of San Juan and are not moving towards the people and the communities that need them the most. Struggles in the Virgin Islands are less heard about but no less real. The question is whether we, as a na-tion, are doing all we can for the citi-zens of this Nation. Let’s compare. After an earthquake hit Haiti in 2010, where the infrastructure was severely damaged, the U.S. military mobilized as if we were going to war. The very next morning, after the earthquake hit, an Army unit was air-borne. Within 2 weeks, 33 ships and 22,000 soldiers had arrived, and more than 300 helicopters were delivering millions of pounds of food and water, not just to the port, but the people of Haiti. By contrast, today, there are fewer than 14,000 military personnel assisting in relief efforts in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and there are only 88 helicopters and only 4 naval ships, one of them the USNS Comfort that are aiding 3.5 million Americans—3.4 mil-lion Americans in Puerto Rico, 100,000 Americans in the Virgin Islands. In Haiti, Mr. Speaker, we airlifted 15,000 U.S. citizens in 2010 after the earthquake, but in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, we are unwilling to evacuate a single American, even those who have relatives and friends in the many communities across the 50 States of this great country. As Americans are starving and Amer-icans are desperate, our response needs to be more vigorous. Now, let’s be sure, the military is doing what we are asking them to do. This is not a criticism of the military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.003 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7980 October 12, 2017 
not doing what we are asking them to do, but the White House is not asking the military to do enough. Mr. Speaker, the President must lead on this issue. We have got dedicated members of the Army, Air Force, Navy, Marines, and Coast Guard who are will-ing, ready, and able to be in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands to deliver the relief to our neighbors and our citi-zens. We need to ask the Department of Defense to send more engineers, more transportation companies, and expedi-tionary sustainment battalions. Yesterday, I asked a senior military leader: How many pontoon bridges have been erected in Puerto Rico to cross those washed out roads? Zero. How many miles of power transmission lines have been reestablished to get electricity out to more communities? The answer is zero. We have military engineers on the ground, but they have not been asked to do that. We need to direct our mili-tary to provide the direct services on the local or, in military parlance, on the tactical level. I am not talking about long-term rebuilding of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands by the United States military. I am talking about directing the Department of De-fense to establish the minimum infra-structure necessary to do the job that we should be asking them to do, which is to provide relief to 3.5 million Amer-icans in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Is-lands. Strategic movements are good, military assessments and evaluations help, but what is needed is no less than what was done 7 years ago in Haiti. Mr. Speaker, the President must lead on this issue, and the President must ask our military to do more. 
f 
NATIONAL FARMERS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is National Farm-ers Day. From farm to fork, our farm-ers work hard to put food on dinner ta-bles across this country and around the world. Today has traditionally been a day to recognize farmers and thank them for all their endless hard work. Records of National Farmers Day events date back to the 1800s. Mr. Speaker, our farmers are the cor-nerstone of our rural communities. They face tough odds by the very na-ture of the business, and food security is national security. Right now, there is a critical short-fall of skilled young and beginning farmers and ranchers. That is why, to-gether with Congressman J
OECOURT -
NEY from Connecticut and Congress-man J
OHNFASOfrom New York, we in-troduced the Young Farmer Success Act. This legislation provides incentives for those who would like to pursue a future in the agriculture industry by adding farmers to the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, which cur-rently offers loan payback assistance for professions such as government service, teaching, and nursing. Under the program, eligible public service professionals who make 10 years of income-driven student loan payments can have the balance of their loans forgiven. On Monday, I heard from a number of young farmers in upstate New York in Congressman FASO’s district. The House Agriculture Committee hosted a farm bill listening session at SUNY Cobleskill, and we covered topics from dairy to specialty crops to nutrition assistance programs, and we heard a lot of excellent feedback from those who shared their stories with us. As the House Agriculture Committee works to craft the next farm bill, these listening sessions have allowed us to hear firsthand from those who are di-rectly impacted by the farm bill. They provide us with real world examples of what is working and what isn’t work-ing. With farmers in every region of this country, we heard from many different perspectives. This feedback will help us write the best farm bill possible. Mr. Speaker, food security is na-tional security, and it aids the long- term sustainability of our country. They provide fresh produce and prod-ucts to communities throughout the country, and there is no better food than something grown locally. Today, we celebrate our food pro-ducers on National Farmers Day, but we should also celebrate them every day for putting food on our tables and in our grocery stores. Let’s face it, farming is a tough business. Long hours, unpredictable commodity prices, and, even more, unpredictable weather conditions, but it is also excit-ing, rewarding, and full of opportuni-ties. Generations of farmers have worked every patch of American soil caring for the Earth, their animals, and their neighbors. Mr. Speaker, as vice chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, I want to wholeheartedly thank America’s farmers for providing our country with safe, sustainable, healthy, and nutri-tious food every day. Happy Farmers Day. 
f 
AMENDMENT TO THE WAR POWERS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, well, last weekend I was shocked to read the statements of the Republican chair of the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate, Senator C
ORKER . He said that, ‘‘Trump has put us on the path to World War III.’’ This makes it essential that Congress assert its full powers under the Con-stitution of the United States. In reaction to Nixon’s secret bombing of Cambodia and the aftermath, Con-gress passed something called the War Powers Act. Unfortunately, there was a dispute between the two bodies, and, ultimately, the Senate prevailed and watered down the bill. Instead of saying, ‘‘Before the Presi-dent engages our troops in hostilities, that he or she must come to the Con-gress,’’ instead, the bill ultimately adopted saying, ‘‘48 hours after the President has engaged our troops in hostilities, he or she must report to the Congress and then seek subsequent au-thorization, or the troops would be withdrawn after 60 days.’’ I have introduced legislation in this and preceding Congresses to fix that. That clearly does not represent the constitutional powers of the United States Congress. The Constitution is absolutely clear. Only Congress has the authority to declare war. Once war is declared, the President, under the Con-stitution, is the Commander in Chief and would act with one voice to con-duct the war and coordinate military efforts. So my bill would say—do away with the allowance of 48 hours and say: Be-fore engaging U.S. troops and military in hostilities, that the President must first come to the Congress and seek a declaration of war. I think it is abso-lutely essential that this Congress act on this legislation and make it clear to the President of the United States that he does not have the authority to wake up one morning and tweet of an attack against another country and engage these people in an escalation that may end, as Senator CORKER says, in World War III. This is a very dangerous time for our country. It is time for this separate and equal branch of the government to assert its full authority to rein in any and all dangerous activities by this President. 
f 
b1030 FREEDOM OF SPEECH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, the First Amendment of our Con-stitution gives us this precious freedom of speech that we so cherish in Amer-ica. Contrary to heated debate and pub-lic opinion, we, in the United States, rarely face the kind of persecution that necessitated this great protection. So I rise today to shed light on the abridgement of freedom of speech that is often widely discussed, but that few Americans ever have to endure. Across the world, Mr. Speaker, indi-vidual freedom of speech is frequently infringed. A posted critique or just sharing one’s views freely on the inter-net can be punishable, even by death. Late one evening in September, a well-known Indian journalist, Gauri Lankesh, was murdered outside her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.005 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7981 October 12, 2017 
home. She was ‘‘an anti-establishment figure with a reputation for her fear-less criticism of undemocratic ele-ments within the parties in power.’’ The circumstances of her death were ‘‘strikingly similar’’ to the murders of three additional Indian activists. Just weeks ago, another of India’s most prominent political journalists, Professor Kancha Ilaiah, known for critiquing India’s caste social order, was threatened by a Hindu member of India’s parliament. This member of parliament, who is an ally of the cur-rent BJP government, issued a state-ment that Kancha should be ‘‘publicly hanged.’’ Kancha subsequently received numerous death threats. These threats had a significant ef-fect. A mob tried to attack Professor Ilaiah with stones as he and a coworker were driving to a meeting. Kancha is now under self-imposed house arrest because he is simply not safe other-wise. Was Professor Ilaiah’s crime signifi-cant? Kancha was called a modern-day Dr. Ambedkar, who is known as the ‘‘Fa-ther of the Indian Constitution,’’ and Professor Ilaiah’s crime was he was the author of ‘‘Why I am Not a Hindu.’’ A recent translation of his 2009 book ‘‘Post-Hindu India’’ is what seems to have sparked the threats against him. This book described the polarized con-text of modern-day India specifically dealing with the productivity of the Dalits and the ‘‘low’’ castes and the seeming spiritual and monetary mo-nopoly of the ‘‘higher’’ castes. These critiques became even more relevant in India’s growing agrarian crisis, the re-sulting farmer suicides due to hopeless-ness, and the massive joblessness due to demonetization and economic slow-down. Mr. Speaker, I stand on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives to state unequivocally that the United States and the entire global community is, and should be, deeply concerned about this threat to the life of Professor Kancha Ilaiah, one of the world’s well-known intellectuals. Our trusted ally and friend, India, is better than this, Mr. Speaker. Pro-fessor Kancha Ilaiah’s right and free-dom to speak should not be infringed; and his protection, and that of those like him, should be of the utmost pri-ority to the Indian Government. I am able to express freely this viewpoint because we have freedom of speech in the United States of America, Mr. Speaker. May we remember at what cost and for what purpose we were given this priceless freedom. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Breast Cancer Awareness Month for millions of us in the breast cancer com-munity. The statistics are sobering: one in eight women will get breast cancer in her lifetime. Earlier this year, I received a note from a former staffer. I had watched this young woman blossom from a young and eager intern to ultimately serving as my executive assistant and scheduler before she departed the Hill for graduate school, marriage, and a fu-ture full of promise. In the note, she wrote: ‘‘My wedding was about 2 months ago. It was the most magical night of my life. It was so incredible to be sur-rounded by so many friends and loved ones and good will. I can’t imagine ever being happier than I was that night.’’ She went on to say: ‘‘Unfortunately, things have gotten a little more complicated since then. While I was on my honeymoon, I no-ticed a small lump in my right breast. Since I had the benefit of working for you, I know that, while rare, it is pos-sible that young women can get breast cancer, and I should take it seriously. I think you can probably guess where this is going . . . ’’ She continued: ‘‘We have no idea how this happened to me. I guess some people get struck by lightning, some people are deathly allergic to peanuts, and some people get breast cancer at 29 with no family history. ‘‘Luckily, it was caught early and the doctors have every confidence that it is fully curable and I will live a long and happy life.’’ She ended the note by thanking me for advocating for breast cancer aware-ness, specifically for younger women. She said: ‘‘DWS,’’ as I am often referred to by staff, ‘‘keep fighting the good fight. It is saving the lives of people like me.’’ Today, she is fighting the good fight, and I know she will win. Unfortunately, just like my former staffer, I know all too well that it can strike even when you are young. In 2007, when I was only 41 years old, I learned I had breast cancer. Like many others before me, when I was diagnosed, and later identified as a BRCA2 gene mutation carrier, I wor-ried about many things: Would I be there to see my children grow up? Would I be able to beat this disease? Wasn’t I too young to have breast can-cer? Fortunately, with the passage of the ACA—the Affordable Care Act—insur-ance coverage cannot be taken away from people like me and like my former staffer. Access to affordable, quality healthcare is now a right, not a privilege. As Members of Congress, we have a duty to protect this right. Instead of calling for senseless votes to repeal this legislation, I call on my Repub-lican colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Breast Cancer Awareness Month by supporting those of us who are liv-ing healthier, stronger lives every day because of the Affordable Care Act. The statistics for breast cancer re-main alarming. The American Cancer Society estimates that 40,610 women will die from breast cancer in 2017 alone, making it the second most com-mon type of cancer death in women. Between the ages of 60 and 84, breast cancer incidence rates are markedly higher in White women than Black women. However, Black women have a higher incidence rate before age 45, and are more likely to die from breast can-cer at every age. This is wholly unac-ceptable. We must take action to provide women with the preventative services and screenings available while edu-cating them on their risks and treat-ment options. That is why, in 2009, I introduced the EARLY Act, a bipartisan bill that be-came law as part of the Affordable Care Act, to focus on equipping young women with the tools they need to make informed decisions regarding their breast health. I am proud that the EARLY Act was reauthorized in 2014, and even more proud that it has, and is, helping young women like my former staffer. This Congress, I also introduced the PALS Act with my good friend from Indiana, Congresswoman SUSAN  B
ROOKS . This bill would extend the morato-rium on the United States Preventive Services Task Force mammography screening guidelines to ensure women have access to lifesaving mammograms beginning at age 40. It would also ensure women who have served our country—our women vet-erans—don’t have to face these same obstacles in getting the care they and their healthcare providers deem nec-essary. Because many insurance companies use the USPSTF guidelines as the basis for coverage, 22 million women be-tween ages 40 and 49 could be at risk of losing coverage for this lifesaving screening. The bottom line is the vast majority of experts recommend beginning screening mammograms at age 40. Women need to be able to follow this guidance until scientific consensus can be reached. As someone who was diagnosed at just age 41, I can tell you that women need guaranteed access to these tests beginning at age 40. We must also ensure the National In-stitutes of Health has the funding it needs to continue their progress. I will continue to use my voice and my vote as an appropriator to ensure that critical funding is provided through the annual appropriations bill for breast cancer research, services, and support. My story and my former staffer’s story isn’t unique. That is why we must do more to support our mothers, sisters, daughters, and friends who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.007 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7982 October 12, 2017 
battling or who have survived this deadly disease. And we must do every-thing we can to eradicate breast cancer once and for all. I look forward to continuing to work together with all of you—my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle—and with the advocacy community to help women know their risk, discover can-cer early, and access the best treat-ment possible. 
f 
HONORING THE MEN AND WOMEN OF EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, I, along with my good friend, M
ARCY KAPTUR , reestablished the NASA Caucus. Last week, I spoke about the 50th an-niversary of my father’s absolute air-speed record flight that happened on October 3, 1967. Two weeks ago was the 70th anniversary of the Air Force. On Saturday, we welcome the anniversary of supersonic flight. For years, there was a thought that there was a barrier present to stop air-craft or inhibit flight controls. Many believed attempting to pass through this barrier would be fatal. Well, on October 14, 1947, Captain Charles E. ‘‘Chuck’’ Yeager was dropped from a B–29 at about 45,000 feet and quickly accelerated through that invisible barrier we know as the speed of sound. The first man to achieve Mach 1, we know that as something simple today, but for the last 70 years, it was because of one man that we get to do this. General Yeager retired in 1975 as a brigadier general, after 34 years of fly-ing, for the Army Air Corps and for the United States Air Force. What he achieved that day was something that many men didn’t think would happen. There were about two or three pilots at Muroc or the Army air field out at southern California that were trying to do it, but absolutely there was only one that did it. Captain Yeager, flying the Bell X–1, that he renamed Glam-orous Glennis after his wife, was the man who achieved that. I am proud to represent the men and women of Edwards Air Force Base with my good friend, Leader K
EVIN MCCAR-
THY. And I understand what they do on a daily basis from the F–35, to the F–22, to all of the aircraft that happen out there at Edwards, to all of the flying expertise that they have on a daily basis. I am very proud of them. I am proud of what Edwards Air Force Base means to the country, and I am proud of what they mean to the history of this Nation. But I am most proud of the men and women because on a daily basis they create history. For that, I am most proud. HONORING U.S. ARMY SERGEANT LA DAVID T. JOHNSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of U.S. Army Sergeant La David T. Johnson, who was killed in Niger, West Africa, during an ambush carried out by Boko Haram and other extremists linked to ISIS. This tragic loss of a life, still so young and so full of promise and poten-tial, is one of the saddest ironies that I could ever imagine. Sergeant Johnson was just 25 years old, the father of two children, and a beloved member of the Miami Gardens community in which I reside. He and his two younger brothers, Keon and Richard, are proud members of the 5,000 Role Models of Excellence Project, an in-school dropout preven-tion program that I created soon after Sergeant Johnson was born, to ensure that he and other boys and young women of color have unfettered access to roads to success. Five thousand Role Models members all over the world are mourning his death. Sergeant Johnson is married to Myeshia Johnson and has two children, and Myeshia is expecting their third child. I sprung into action after Boko Haram kidnapped 276 schoolgirls in their boarding school in Nigeria. I trav-eled to Nigeria four times in my quest, and I have initiated the ‘‘Bring Back Our Girls Wear Red Wednesdays’’ in the Congress of the United States. I ap-preciate the support, especially from our leader, N
ANCY PELOSI . I traveled there in August and met over 100 girls who were once hostages of Boko Haram. I wanted them to know that this Congress loves them and we will never, ever forget them. Boko Haram actually means ‘‘West-ern education is a sin.’’ They believe girls should be denied the privilege of an education, and they have killed more people than ISIS. In fact, they have joined forces with ISIS in the re-gion and have killed over 20,000 Afri-cans, sexually abused women and girls, and sends them on suicide missions using babies as decoys. More than 1 million people have been displaced from their homes and are starving to death. What a tragedy. It would be an even greater tragedy to allow the deaths of Sergeant Johnson and his comrades—Staff Sergeant Bryan C. Black, 35, from Washington; Staff Sergeant Jeremiah W. Johnson, 39, from Ohio; and Staff Sergeant Dustin M. Wright, 29, from Georgia—be in vain. Nearly a year ago, this Chamber voted unanimously for legislation that Republican Senator S
USAN COLLINS  from Maine and I introduced that di-rects the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence to jointly de-velop a 5-year strategy to end Boko Haram’s reign of terror. The law also calls for a plan to assist the Nigerian Government, the Multinational Joint Task Force, and international partners in their efforts to counter this regional threat. b1045 Our soldiers were not there to fight but to provide training and assistance to the Nigerian Army forces and the multinational joint task force created to combat Boko Haram. Yes, my heart breaks for this monu-mental loss, but it is also bursting with pride for all that he achieved and would have accomplished. During the few years in which he bravely served our Nation, he received several awards and accolades, including the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, and, ironically, the Global War on Terrorism Medal. Boko Haram is a threat to the many nations across the globe that, like the United States, have committed mone-tary and human resources to help de-feat this terrorist group, and we must never ever forget that this heinous or-ganization’s daily list of casualties could include one or more of our own, like Sergeant Johnson, Staff Sergeant Black, Staff Sergeant Jeremiah John-son, and Staff Sergeant Wright. May they rest in peace. f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as an OB/GYN and now a U.S. Congressman, I want to continue to highlight October as Breast Cancer Awareness Month. One out of eight women will develop breast cancer. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker. One out of eight women will develop breast cancer. If you are a woman over the age of 35, you should ask your physician if you need a mammogram; and certainly if you are over the age of 50, every woman needs a mammogram every year. A mammogram is quick, it is easy, and the great thing about mammo-grams is how easy it can be to catch breast cancer at its very early stages and give us a great chance to treat the problem. Over my career as a physician, we have helped hundreds of women who have successfully fought this dreaded disease. There are great treatments out there and ways we can save lives, so I encourage every woman over the age of 35 to talk to their physician about a mammogram. It is one thing to be aware of breast cancer, but it is an-other thing to do something about it. 
NATIONAL WOMEN ’S SMALL BUSINESS MONTH  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the National Women’s Business Council in recognizing Octo-ber as National Women’s Small Busi-ness Month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.008 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7983 October 12, 2017 
Women bring unique and invaluable skills and experiences to the work-place. Across the country, there are over 9 million women-owned small businesses, and they contribute over a trillion dollars to our national econ-omy. In Kansas alone, there are more than 73 businesses owned by women, rep-resenting industries such as account-ing, veterinary medicine, and manage-ment consulting. As I have toured Kansas, I have met with women entrepreneurs in towns like Ellsworth and Emporia learning about how their businesses are growing local economies and the positive im-pact these businesses have on their communities. It is inspiring to see what these women have achieved and to hear their perspective on the chal-lenges that small-business owners face. I ask my colleagues to join me now in celebrating these women during Na-tional Women’s Small Business Month. 
RECOGNIZING THE KANSAS HEART AND STROKE  
COLLABORATIVE  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, though mostly known as the top bas-ketball program in the country, I want to acknowledge and salute the Univer-sity of Kansas and our innovative work through the Kansas Heart and Stroke Collaborative. The collaborative has worked dili-gently over the past 3 years to estab-lish a new model and standard for how to efficiently treat the care of heart disease and strokes in rural areas. They provide better care in a way that saves overall costs and is truly a win- win. Fifty-three counties in Kansas, with more than 90 hospitals, clinics, and of-fices, now are represented in the col-laborative care model. Not only do they better the lives of patients in rural Kansas, they do so based on a model that is a poster child for other conservative-style demonstration projects. In 2014, the University of Kansas partnered with Hays Medical Center and received a $12 million, 3-year inno-vation grant. Now that 3-year window is closing, and I am pleased to say that the collaborative will continue as a self-sustaining entity. Let me say that again. This will con-tinue as a self-sustaining entity, con-tinue to provide efficient care, and, lit-erally, save thousands of rural Ameri-cans’ lives and give them more mean-ingful life after their stroke or heart attack. As a physician in rural Kansas for three decades, this is one of the great-est success stories I have ever seen, and it will always hold a special place in my heart, as I have seen it unfold right before my eyes. The Kansas Heart and Stroke Col-laborative provides hope and direction for rural healthcare in Kansas and be-yond, and it should be looked at by other States. ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today as a proud Member of this House. I am always so honored to know that I have the preeminent privi-lege of standing in the well of the Con-gress of the United States of America. There are only 435 people who are elected as Members from the various States who have voting rights in Con-gress on legislation, who have this privilege, so it is an honor for me to do it. I want people to know that when I stand here, my words are sincere and my efforts are those that I believe can make a difference in the lives of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I called to the attention of the House of Rep-resentatives Articles of Impeachment, and I called these Articles of Impeach-ment to the attention of the House be-cause it is a part of a process. It can be a three-step process, which has been used on multiple occasions in the past, a three-step process that allows the Member to give notice. After the Mem-ber gives notice, the Member does not have to allow a vote to take place im-mediately. The Member can decide that, rather than have the vote take place within 2 days, the Member can give notice a second time and then allow that proc-ess to move forward, and the Speaker can then set a time for the Member to give a final notice, or present the ac-tual Articles of Impeachment. I have chosen to use the three-step process: initial notice; thereafter to come back before this House, which every Member has the privilege of doing and which has been done before, and again notice the House; and, there-after, have the articles considered with a final reading. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think it is any secret that I have indicated that the President should be impeached. It is no secret. I don’t think it is any secret that I have indicated that there will be a vote in Congress on Articles of Im-peachment. If perchance I have been misunder-stood, allow me to make it perspicu-ously clear today: there will be a vote. There is a three-step process that we are pursuing. That process will con-tinue when we return. And when we re-turn, I assure everyone there will be a vote. There has been some confusion. My suspicion is because where there are few facts, there is much speculation, so there has been some confusion about why we didn’t go forward yesterday. So now allow me to make it abun-dantly clear: no person, no living, breathing child of God influenced my decision to move forward as I have. Others can give their opinions. No one did. I did not receive an opinion in-dicating that I should not go forward as I did. I have made my decision. This is where I stand. If I stand alone, Mr. Speaker, I have no fear of standing alone. If Rosa Parks could sit alone in a racist Southern town to deal with in-justice and bring about some form of justice, surely I can stand alone in the well of the Congress and stand alone on where I stand with impeachment. If Dr. King could go to jail and write one of the greatest essays on human rights I have ever read, surely I can stand in the well of the Congress—if he could go to jail—and I can extoll and expand upon why I believe we have to move forward with impeachment. Finally, this: those of you who both-ered to read the Articles of Impeach-ment, and I beg that you would, be-cause that is why this time is being made available, so that everyone can read it and understand why we are going forward, and those of who you will read them will find that I don’t ap-prove of anyone calling mothers dogs. I don’t approve of it. I don’t approve of it. I don’t care who you are. When you say ‘‘SOB,’’ you are saying that some-body’s mother is a dog. I don’t approve of that. By the way, that is not widely pub-lished that that is in the Articles of Impeachment, but it is there. It is there for all to see. So for those who believe that moth-erhood is sacred, for those who believe that a President of the United States ought not say ‘‘SOB,’’ and you know what it means—I never use the B word. I never use profanity. But I want you to know this: I am going to move for-ward with those Articles of Impeach-ment, and motherhood is sacred. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MATT BELLINA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of my constituent, Matt Bellina, of Holland, Pennsylvania. On April 9, 2014, at the age of 30, Matt was diagnosed with ALS, otherwise known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. ALS attacks the nerve cells in the brain and the spinal cord, causing those with ALS to lose control of their muscles. Matt graduated from Virginia Tech in May 2005 and received his commis-sion into the U.S. Navy as a naval avi-ator. Following the onset of his symp-toms, which include cramping hands, twitching arms, stiffness in his legs, Matt was grounded from flying. He continued to serve in the Navy in an administrative capacity until he medi-cally retired in 2014, with the rank of lieutenant commander. He eventually moved back home to Bucks County with his wife, Caitlin, and his young children to be sur-rounded by family and friends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.010 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7984 October 12, 2017 
Although this disease stopped Matt’s career in its tracks, he persisted and actively involved himself in the ALS community and became a strong advo-cate for right-to-try legislation. Mr. Speaker, each year Americans like Matt Bellina receive the dev-astating news of a terminal diagnosis. Even with the amazing work done in American medical research, for too many families, access to these poten-tially lifesaving treatments will come too late or not at all. Thousands of terminally ill patients suffer needlessly while awaiting final approval for drugs, therapies, and other medical technologies. While the Food and Drug Administration carries out its three-phase approval process, which can take years and cost billions of dol-lars, many patients simply want the chance to try treatments that are al-ready demonstrated to be safe. A bill that was unanimously passed by the Senate will offer them a chance to ex-tend their lives. The Right to Try Act would ensure that terminally ill patients, together with their physicians and pharma-ceutical manufacturers, can administer investigational treatments where no alternative exists. In fact, this bipar-tisan idea is already the law in 37 States. A Federal right-to-try law would pre-vent the government from blocking ac-cess to potentially lifesaving medica-tions. It would require patients to first try all other available treatments and be unable to participate in clinical trials. For those patients caught between the traditional drug approval delays, the clinical trial process for which they do not qualify, and limited time, the right to try simply establishes the free-dom for patients and their doctors to try therapies where the benefits far outweigh the risks. It gives them an option of trying to save their life. Mr. Speaker, whether it is a father courageously battling ALS or a brave child living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, they deserve the right to try. 
f 
MASS SHOOTING IN LAS VEGAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the tragedy that happened in my home town of Las Vegas last Sunday, October 1. Last week, a horrific mass shooting took place in the community that I grew up in. Immediately when I heard the news on Sunday night, like so many people, I felt helpless, and I rushed to the hospital to see how I could help. This shooting was the deadliest in modern U.S. history: 58 innocent peo-ple have died, and over 500 were in-jured. The 58 innocent victims came from all walks of life. They came to Las Vegas from all over the United States of America. Some were there to cele-brate their birthdays, their favorite country singer, a night out with friends and family, and even celebrating their wedding anniversaries. b1100 Even though these families will never get another Christmas, another Thanksgiving, or another birthday with their loved one, they will never forget them, and we won’t either. As we grieve for those who were killed or injured, and pray for their families, I want to recognize the heroes who bravely and selflessly rushed to help: law enforcement officers and first responders, including some who were off duty and attending the concert, who ran toward the gunfire to protect the concertgoers and provide des-perately needed care for victims; peo-ple at the concert who shielded those around them, gave them medical care, and led others to safety, exposing themselves to the hail of bullets while they tried to save others; people driv-ing by who used their cars to help take shooting victims to the hospitals; strangers helping strangers; the healthcare professionals, doctors, nurses, support staff, and volunteers who have been working tirelessly around the clock to care for the more than 500 injured people; hospitality in-dustry employees, who rushed to help however they could; and the Las Vegas businesses and residents, who have gen-erously donated their money, time, and blood to help the victims. To all of these heroes, I say: Thank you. Thank you so much. Over the coming days and weeks, I plan to speak on this floor about each individual victim to honor their life and to tell their story. I will also be speaking out about what Congress needs to do to prevent another tragedy like this from happening. We should never forget the victims of October 1, 2017, but as we embark on the long process of healing, I am for-ever grateful for the incredible heart and spirit shown by the Las Vegas community. I have never been prouder to be a Las Vegan, and I have never been prouder to be a Nevadan, and I know that my city is and will always be Vegas Strong. f 
COMMANDER SETH ANTHONY STONE WAS A SOLDIER FOR THE LORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Commander Seth Anthony Stone, a native Texan, a de-vout Christian, and a true American hero, who left us far too early on Sep-tember 30, 2017, at the age of 41 years old. Twice the recipient of the Silver Star Medal, our Nation’s third highest com-bat award, Seth was among the most highly decorated U.S. Navy SEALS. As a SEAL platoon commander in Iraq during the Battle of Ramadi in 2006, he served alongside my son, Leif Babin, as they led some of the toughest sustained urban combat operations in the history of the SEAL teams. Seth was a storied and an exceptional combat leader that helped turn the tide for America in two of the most pivotal battles of the Iraq war. Seth and his SEAL platoon played an integral role in the victorious efforts of the U.S. Army’s 1st Armored Division’s Ready First Brigade Combat Team that transformed Ramadi from the most violent and dangerous place in Iraq to a stable, secure, and peaceful city. In more than 6 months of continuous urban combat, a number of his SEALs were wounded and killed in action, in-cluding Master-at-Arms Second Class Michael A. Monsoor, when he dove onto a grenade to save three of his SEAL teammates next to him. For his ac-tions, Petty Officer Monsoor was post-humously awarded the Medal of Honor. Seth returned to Iraq 2 years later and led a SEAL task unit that included American Sniper, Chief Petty Officer Chris Kyle, also from Texas. Seth’s outstanding combat record placed him in a very special class that included Petty Officer Michael Monsoor, Chief Petty Officer Chris Kyle, Petty Officer Marc Lee, and Petty Officer Ryan Job. Seth epitomized the warrior ethos, risking his life on many occasions in combat against our Nation’s mortal en-emies. He saved countless U.S. service-members, and he helped bring stability to embattled regions of the world. About his military service, Seth said: It was my honor to fight for my country. The best life is one lived as a sacrifice for others. I love my country, and I love the teams. That is what drove me to fight so hard for America while wearing the SEAL Trident. At the same time, I did not really consider myself to be a SEAL but, rather, a soldier for the Lord. 
In everything he did and throughout his life he served the Lord from a place of deep faith. He was a very special per-son. I was proud to know him, and I will be forever grateful for his service to our great country and the friendship and camaraderie that he had with my son and all those whom he served with. While Seth has left us on Earth, his passion for his friends, his country, and his Lord will certainly live on and never be forgotten. 
f 
FEMA CAN DO BETTER FOR OUR FELLOW AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, there was applause from the gallery, and every American applauds. Mr. Speaker, I have an alert for the Trump administration. The Trump-led FEMA, that is the Federal Emergency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.011 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7985 October 12, 2017 
Management Agency, part of the De-partment of Homeland Security, is fall-ing far short on disaster relief in Puer-to Rico. In fact, I think one could say they are actually perilously short on helping the people, our fellow citizens, in Puerto Rico. It has now been 22 days, that is 528 hours, since Hurricane Maria destroyed Puerto Rico. Hundreds of thousands of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico still—still—have no fresh water, no power, little food, with many villages lacking any means for communication. Many have no dry cots or even dry sleeping bags to replace the wet mat-tresses and moldy surroundings that characterize the Puerto Rico of today. Let me say that Puerto Rico is not a large island. It is a little over 100 miles wide, not much larger than my con-gressional district in Ohio which ex-tends from Cleveland to Toledo. The difference with Puerto Rico is the to-pography is much more hilly. I ask myself the question: Why hasn’t FEMA had airdrops of vital sus-tenance from the very start? Where is that help to these far-flung villages that have been cut off because, when the rains came, they washed out bridges and roads that make all these tiny towns inaccessible? Inaccessible. Fresh water packets can be airdropped. Our military does that all over the world. Why can’t those fresh water packets be dropped in Puerto Rico? We can drop packets with peanut butter and bread. We do that all over the world. Why can’t we do that in Puerto Rico? Why can’t we airdrop food? Citizens in Ohio with families and friends in Puerto Rico about whom they are desperately worried have been told that many smaller towns where they have relationships lack relief and any assistance now 528 hours, 22 days, into this deep human tragedy. I want to place in the R
ECORD , and I hope somebody at FEMA is listening, names of some of the villages that are completely cut off because roads and bridges were destroyed and no relief has come. No relief has come. Ponce, in the south, is one. Utuado, Jayuya, Arecibo, Yauco, Corozal, Comerio, Loiza, Toa Baja, Cabo Rojo, and Llanadas. Those are names we have been given. Aid to these pockets of desperation is almost 3 weeks over-due. People need relief now. FEMA also needs a better plan. In fact, they need a plan. I don’t think they have any plan to immediately evacuate people to the mainland for respite. Places like Cleveland, Lorain, and Toledo, Ohio, we could accept peo-ple who now are living in conditions you would wish on no American. We cannot risk more illness and death. Children should not be missing school after the horror they have expe-rienced. We shouldn’t have the level of hardship that has been subjected to people who are still enduring the dev-astation of Maria. What is happening there is inhumane. Most of the television stations are down in San Juan, and that is where the Governor of Puerto Rico is most of the time when our codels go down there, but the desperation is in the countryside. It is outside of San Juan, which is inaccessible. President Trump, the people of America and, let me tell you, those in Ohio need you to help their families and countrymen now. FEMA can do so much better for our fellow Americans. FEMA’s initials stand for Federal Emergency Management. So where is the emergency? Where is the manage-ment? And where is the Federal reputa-tion for excellence and leaving no man or woman behind? FEMA, shape up. America demands more, and Americans deserve more. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. 
f 
THE IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL WAS A GIANT MISTAKE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge President Trump to de-certify the disastrous Iran nuclear deal. There are reports that decerti-fication may come as early as tomor-row, and I certainly hope so. The Iran nuclear deal was a giant mistake. It has been bad for America’s national security, bad for our ally Israel’s national security, and bad for the world. By decertifying the flawed Iran nu-clear deal before October 15, the admin-istration has a chance to send a strong message that the United States will not sit idly by while the Iranian threat continues to grow. The deal was premised on a naive no-tion that Iran would somehow evolve into a peaceful global partner, but that couldn’t have been further from the truth. Make no mistake about it: Iran is not our friend, does not share our values, and should not have been trust-ed. For decades, Iran has called the United States the Great Satan, and their leadership continues to call for the total annihilation of our ally Israel. Iran remains the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world and is actively working towards obtaining a nuclear bomb. This much is clear: Iran has not upheld the spirit of this deal. Now is the time to reassert our authority on the world stage and hold Iran account-able. I look forward to working with Presi-dent Trump to keep America, our al-lies, and the rest of the world safe from Iranian aggression. b1115 HONORING THE DISCOVERY OF HERNANDO DE SOTO’S 1539 EN-CAMPMENT AND THE LOST NA-TIVE AMERICAN TOWN OF POTANO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the discovery of Hernando de Soto’s 1939 encampment and the lost Native American town of Potano, by the University of Florida professors, Dr. Fred White and Dr. Michele White, and University of Florida honor stu-dent Ethan White. This newly discov-ered archaeological site is the oldest confirmed New World contact site in the United States. In one of the most important events in U.S. history, de Soto was the first European to discover the Mississippi River and explore an area that today would hold 10 States. Until this incred-ible archaeological discovery, there was no physical evidence of de Soto’s 4,000-mile journey. The collection of ar-tifacts recovered near Orange Lake, Florida, includes very rare King Ferdi-nand coins, Queen Isabella coins, and a King Enrique IV of Castile coin that is the oldest dated European artifact ever unearthed in the United States. Other rare items include Murano glass beads and Spanish weapons and armor dated from the early 1500s. The artifacts were excavated in the lost an-cient Native American town of Potano. Also discovered in the town of Potano were the remains of the first location of the San Buenaventura Franciscan mission built there in the 1580s. Within the floors of the 16th century mission, the team discovered the largest cache of medieval coins found in the Amer-ican mainland so far. Acknowledgment for confirmation and identification of the artifacts goes to a large and diverse group of scholars throughout the country. The recent scientific findings were published in the peer-reviewed International Jour-nal of Archaeology and with the Flor-ida Department of State, Division of Historical Resources, Bureau of Ar-chaeological Research in Tallahassee, Florida. The collection of artifacts is at the Florida Museum of Natural His-tory on the campus of my alma mater, the University of Florida. 
NATIONAL FARMERS DAY  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, addition-ally, I would like to recognize today is National Farmers Day, a day when we say thanks to all of our farmers and ranchers for the work they do. Our ag-ricultural industry, in a lot of ways, is the backbone of this country. It feeds our Nation and a big portion of the world, and accounts for 11 percent of overall employment. Most people don’t realize how farm-ers affect their life, but it is important to reflect on the interdependence be-tween rural and urban life. People often associate Florida with tourism, but agriculture is actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.014 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7986 October 12, 2017 
Florida’s number two industry, uti-lizing one-third of Florida’s available land. Without agriculture, urban devel-opments—in fact, all developments— could not flourish. There is a simple symbiotic relationship between fami-lies and communities, and that is, if you are hungry, you are going to eat. Every time you get hungry you think about your farmer, so thank a farmer today. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BUD ADAMS  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting on National Farmers Day that I am able to rise and honor a true Florida legend, Mr. Bud Adams of Fort Pierce, Florida, and his contributions to the Florida cattle industry. He is an icon in Florida and the Nation’s cattle in-dustry. Mr. Adams was a pioneer, a wildlife photographer, but more than anything else, he was a true American pioneer and cattle rancher. He was a real American cowboy in Florida, and they are known in Florida as Florida crack-ers. That name is derived from the sound of a bullwhip when it is used to round up and herd cattle. After a stint in the Navy during World War II, Mr. Adams returned home to work and grow the family ranch. For the past 80 years, you could find Mr. Adams on horseback surveying the land and the cattle that they raised. He was a strong advocate for conservation and was nationally recog-nized for his leadership in preserving the land for future generations. Even more so, Mr. Adams is known for creating the Braford breed of cattle, which is a cross between the Brahman cattle and the Hereford cattle, a heat- tolerant, heavy-beef-producing cow, ideal for the Florida climate. Mr. Adams was rightfully proud of this breed and went on to help found the United Braford Breeders Association. Additionally, Mr. Adams was a proud member of the Florida Cattlemen’s As-sociation. He served as the president in 1958, and, for the last 59 years, he was always willing to offer a helping hand to the new Florida Cattlemen’s leader-ship. Mr. Adams will always be remem-bered for the impact he had on the Florida cattle industry and his willing-ness to nurture future generations of Florida cattlemen. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE CARE CORPS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage my colleagues to support the Care Corps Demonstra-tion Act. By the year 2030, there will be more than 72 million older Americans. As they age, many of these seniors will re-quire long-term support and services, placing a significant burden on our elder care system that is already strug-gling to provide and finance services to our seniors. The Care Corps Demonstration Act, which my colleague Congresswoman MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM and I have introduced, will address this growing need by placing Care Corps volunteers in communities where they will pro-vide essential services to seniors that will allow these older Americans to re-main independent. In turn, these won-derful volunteers will receive assist-ance in paying down their educational expenses. More importantly, Mr. Speaker, this program will help us train a new gen-eration of healthcare providers to meet our Nation’s demand for senior care services by giving our students essen-tial, real-world experience in the field. Mr. Speaker, this bill will create stronger communities across our Na-tion by bringing generations of Ameri-cans together. I encourage my col-leagues to support our bill, the Care Corps Demonstration Act, of this ses-sion. The bill number, Mr. Speaker, is H.R. 3493. So please contact my congressional office or the office of Congresswoman M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM to cosponsor H.R. 3493. 
f 
NATIONAL FARMERS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize America’s farmers on National Farmers Day. I call our American farmers the thin green line because food security is na-tional security. We can never discount the importance of our Nation’s ability to feed itself, and we can do so only by the hard work of the men and women in the agricultural community. In honor of National Farmers Day, I wanted to recite a poem first delivered by a radio personality, Paul Harvey, to the FFA Convention in 1978. The poem is as follows: 
And on the 8th day, God looked down on his planned paradise and said, ‘‘I need a care-taker,’’ so God made a farmer. God said, ‘‘I need somebody willing to get up before dawn, milk cows, work all day in the fields, milk cows again, eat supper, then go to town and stay past midnight at a meeting of the school board,’’ so God made a farmer. ‘‘I need somebody with arms strong enough to rustle a calf and yet gentle enough to de-liver his own grandchild; somebody to call hogs, tame cantankerous machinery, come home hungry, have to wait for lunch until his wife is done feeding visit ladies, then tell the ladies to be sure and come back real soon, and mean it,’’ so God made a farmer. God said, ‘‘I need somebody willing to sit up all night with a newborn colt, and watch it die, and then dry his eyes and say, ‘Maybe next year.’ I need somebody who can shape an ax handle from a persimmon sprout, shoe a horse with a hunk of car tire, who can make a harness out of haywire, feed sacks, and shoe straps; who, planting time comes and harvest season, will finish his 40-hour week by Tuesday noon, and then paining from tractor back, put in another 72 hours,’’ so God made a farmer. God had to have somebody willing to ride the ruts at double speed to get the hay in ahead of the rain clouds, and yet stop in mid-field and race to help when he sees the first smoke from a neighbor’s place, so God made a farmer. God said, ‘‘I need somebody strong enough to clear trees and heave bales, yet gentle enough to tame lambs and wean pigs and tend to the pink-combed pullets, who will stop his mower for an hour to splint the bro-ken leg of a meadow lark.’’ It had to be somebody who would plow deep and straight and not cut corners; some-body to seed, weed, feed, breed, and rake and disc and plow and plant and tie the fleece and strain the milk and replenish the self- feeder and finish a hard week’s work with a 5-mile drive to church; somebody who would bale a family together with the soft strong bonds of sharing, who would laugh, and then sigh, and then reply, with smiling eyes, when his son says that he wants to spend his life ‘‘doing what dad does,’’ so God made a farm-er. f RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 25 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Joshua Leu, First Christian Church, Great Bend, Kansas, offered the following prayer: God, I ask today that You would open these honorable men and women of the House to the significance, weight, and sacredness of the work that they get to do. Remind them that the detailed deci-sions that they make here and now will not only have effects on the entire world, but will ripple through time for generations to come, making a way for all people. So gift them, O Lord, with Your wis-dom today and every day they serve so they can be a part of causing Your kingdom to come, Your will to be done, on Earth as it is in Heaven. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.016 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7987 October 12, 2017 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. GABBARD led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND JOSHUA LEU The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
AR-
SHALL ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute and say thanks during Pastor Appreciation Month. This one is particularly special, as one of my own church’s pastors gave the opening prayer to this body just moments ago. From baptisms to weddings to funer-als, pastors give us encouragement to meet the demands of life. They give spiritual balance to a material world and are spiritual leaders for a nation deemed ‘‘one Nation under God.’’ I thank my current pastor, Pastor Josh Leu; his wife, Ashley; his lovely daughters, Karys and Khora. I also want to thank my pastor of 20 years, Pastor Bill Johnson, and his wife, Lois. Thanks for all you have done for us, for my family, for my community, and for my church. Like Pastor Bill always used to say: Have a good day, if you want to. Mr. Speaker, let’s all reach out to pastors and their families to tell them thanks for all they do for us. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama). The Chair will en-tertain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I was grateful to join Sec-retary Rick Perry and my colleagues, Congressman C
HUCK FLEISCHMANN , Congressman J
OEBARTON , and Con-gresswoman M
ARCY KAPTUR , yesterday to celebrate the Department of Ener-gy’s 40th birthday. The goals presented of progressing our science, protecting our Nation, and promoting our energy were meaningful to me, having served as Deputy Gen-eral Counsel under Secretary Jim Edwards of the Reagan administration. I was also grateful to have worked at the Savannah River Site, where I saw firsthand so many dedicated personnel. In Washington, I served with General Counsel R. Tenney Johnson; was wel-comed by Administrative Assistant Marsha McQueen; and was trained by Deputy General Counsel Eric Fygi, who was recognized as an original DOE staff member. I look forward to working with Sec-retary Perry to ensure continued progress on our nuclear cleanup mis-sions, effective stewardship of the nu-clear weapons stockpile, and continued research and development at our Na-tion’s national labs. DOE now clearly promotes energy development to create jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, the Iran nuclear deal is far from perfect. There are outstanding issues, like ballistic missiles, that are and should be ad-dressed outside the nuclear agreement. Ultimately, the goal of this deal was to prevent Iran from attaining a nu-clear weapon and averting all-out war. This is exactly what it has done. Now, President Trump is threatening to pull out from the deal and break our commitments to Iran and our allies, with no evidence to prove that Iran has not complied. In fact, the IAEA and our U.S. military and intelligence sources unanimously agree that Iran has remained compliant to the agree-ment. Walking away from the Iran nuclear agreement that, so far, is working will likely cause Iran to restart its nuclear weapons program, eliminate the possi-bility of diplomatic negotiations to denuclearize North Korea, kick off a nuclear arms race, and greatly increase the chances of nuclear war. If President Trump breaks our com-mitment to the Iran deal, the Amer-ican people have everything to lose and nothing to gain. For the peace and se-curity of the American people, we must uphold our commitment to this nuclear deal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALABAMA STATE REPRESENTATIVE JAMES BUSKEY (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alabama State Rep-resentative James Buskey. Representative Buskey recently an-nounced that he will be retiring from the Alabama House of Representatives after 42 years of representing people in Mobile, Alabama. He was first elected to the House in 1976, making him one of the longest- serving legislators in Alabama history. Outside of the legislature, Representa-tive Buskey spent much of his life working in public education, including as a school administrator at E.S. Chastang Middle School in Mobile. While we have had our share of polit-ical differences, I have always appre-ciated his institutional knowledge and respected his passion for our local com-munity. I am honored to call James a friend and appreciate his decades of service to the people of Mobile and Ala-bama. Mr. Speaker, I wish James and his wife, Vergie, all the best upon his re-tirement and the years ahead. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HANNAH AHLERS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, on October 1, 2017, a gunman opened fire on thou-sands of innocent people at a music fes-tival in Las Vegas. As our families mourn, I want to honor the life of Hannah Ahlers, a wife, mother, daughter, sister, friend to many, and beloved by her community, whose life was taken too soon. Her brother recently told me: ‘‘She was loved by everyone that met her . . . she was our sunshine.’’ Her beautiful personality was felt by all, from her family and friends, to the mothers she worked with in her chil-dren’s schools, to the volleyball team she volunteered with. As her husband shared: ‘‘She wasn’t too good for any-body; beautiful inside and out.’’ At 34, her dedication to family and community is felt in her home in the city of Beaumont and across the Inland Empire. On behalf of my wife, Monica, and the entire 36th Congressional District, we join together as a community to mourn her heartbreaking loss and cele-brate her life. To Hannah’s husband, Brian; her children, Briannah, Brice, and Hailey, our thoughts and prayers are with you. We commit to take up Hannah’s man-tle of dedication by serving our own communities. Her love and devotion will never be forgotten. 
f 
NATIONAL FARMERS DAY (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, when you eat today, you can thank a farmer. Across this great Nation, over 3 mil-lion farmers work tirelessly each day to produce the food that feeds our fam-ilies and keeps our country running. From Grace-Way Dairy Farm in Lowville to Everett Orchards in Peru, I have been blessed to meet with so many farmers that make up the back-bone of our north country economy. Many of these family farms in my dis-trict produce dairy, apples, honey, wine, and the most delicious maple in the country. As Congress works on the next farm bill, we need to focus on supporting those who support our Nation’s food supply. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.020 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7988 October 12, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, today, on National Farmers Day, I urge my colleagues to join me in thanking the men and women who rise before the sun each and every day to make sure our fami-lies are fed. 
f 
HELPING FLOOD VICTIMS IN NEED (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge Congress to help the neediest and most vulnerable flood victims from our Nation’s recent hurri-canes. Our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas, is familiar with hurri-canes and disaster recovery. We rebuilt our communities after Allison in 2001, and again in 2008, after Hurricane Ike. Texans are proud and independent people. We take pride in our self-reli-ance and can-do attitude. However, many members of our community— low-income families, seniors, and dis-abled Americans—are in the greatest need and must rely on others for help. Current rules can prevent the need-iest victims from receiving assistance they need to recover and rebuild their homes, including denying individuals Federal assistance for being able to af-ford flood insurance premiums that can exceed over $4,000 a year. That is out of range for most of these folks. As America’s elected representatives, we have a moral responsibility to act and protect our Nation’s most vulner-able disaster victims, especially our seniors and disabled, from being left with nothing. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES B. BRIEN, JR. (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Mr. Jim Brien of Mayfield in Kentucky’s First Congres-sional District, who passed away on Friday, October 6. Jim’s decades of service established him as a titan within the western Ken-tucky legal community. Having served as assistant prosecutor for Mayfield, an assistant Commonwealth attorney, and as a partner at the Law Offices of Neely, Brien, Wilson, and Toombs, he developed an unparalleled legal knowl-edge and community network which he utilized to defend his fellow citizens and work tirelessly on their behalf. He was widely respected for his self-less service to his family and commu-nity, as evidenced by his leadership in community organizations and his membership at the First Baptist Church in Mayfield. For all who knew him, he was a dedi-cated public servant and a staunch ad-vocate for Graves County, whose pas-sion for bettering the community was rivaled only by his love for University of Kentucky football and basketball. May God continue to bless his sons, James B. Brien III and Joshua V. Brien, and his family and friends, through which his legacy lives on. f 
NATIONAL FARMERS DAY (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent the people of west Texas, home to 14 million acres of farmland, making it one of the largest agriculture production regions in the world. I have spent a lot of time with these plowboys and cowboys over the years, and I can tell you this: these men and women don’t work our land and our cattle for the money, and they cer-tainly don’t do it for recognition. But today is National Farmers Day. Let’s pause and pay tribute to the American farmer. Farming was man’s first profession. Farming saved and sustained our first colony at Jamestown. Farming helped fund the Revolution, securing the very freedoms we have and cherish today. Farming has allowed us to feed and clothe our own people, and that food and fiber independence has contributed to America being the most powerful, most prosperous, and most generous Nation in the history of the world. God bless our farmers. 
f 
BEWARE OF POLLS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent Washington Post/ABC News poll professed to find that a majority of Americans supported amnesty for ille-gal immigrants. That is not hard to do, given how the survey was conducted. The polsters asked to speak only with the youngest adult at home; over- sampled Democrats by at least 4 per-cent; used the word ‘‘undocumented’’ rather than ‘‘illegal;’’ questioned ille-gal immigrants, at least 3 percent of the population; and conditioned am-nesty on requirements that can’t be met. Other than that, I am sure it was an accurate poll. Beware of polls done by liberal media organizations that have an agenda of their own. The American people may not be getting the facts. They deserve better. 
f 
ADDRESSING OUR COUNTRY’S NATURAL DISASTERS (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lives of the victims of the California wildfires. We have seen some devastating fires throughout California, specifically huge fires in northern California, that have already burned over 142,000 acres. It is one of the deadliest weeks in Cali-fornia wildfire history, already seeing 23 lives perish in those fires. Today, we will see disaster relief funding here on the floor. It is impor-tant that, while we have already passed one funding bill, we pass another to ad-dress all natural emergencies across the entire country. We must also have funding available for Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria in devastated areas like Puerto Rico, Texas, and Florida. We have had big challenges in this country, and it is time to make sure that we pass a second relief funding bill that will address many of those con-cerns in the disasters that we have seen across the country. Shortly hereafter, we are going to see another funding bill come forward that will address some reforms. While some of our States have building codes and are addressing the impacts so that we don’t see this devastation in the fu-ture, we need to make sure that these reforms are passed in the coming bill as well. We have three major bills. We will pass one today. Another one is soon to follow. We have to address the coun-try’s national emergencies. f 
b1215 HONORING STAFF SERGEANT RYAN M
CCARTHY AND STAFF SERGEANT CHAD HICKEY (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two valued members of Missouri’s defense community, Staff Sergeant Ryan McCarthy and Staff Sergeant Chad Hickey. They are both stationed out of Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri’s Fourth District, and these soldiers are exceptional representa-tives of their base, their State, and their service branch—the United States Army. Both men recently received top hon-ors at the Association of the United States Army’s Annual Meeting and Ex-position, where they were recognized for their leadership, excellence, and achievements. Staff Sergeant McCarthy, who is right here, was named the Noncommis-sioned Officer of the Year by AUSA. A combat engineer with more than 9 years of service, McCarthy has served multiple deployments in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. His dedication and leader-ship represent the best ideals of our Army and America’s fighting forces. Another Fort Leonard Wood soldier, Staff Sergeant Chad Hickey, pictured here, was named Drill Sergeant of the Year. Hickey received the honor after winning a grueling fitness, endurance, and combat-readiness competition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.022 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7989 October 12, 2017 
against the Nation’s top drill ser-geants. The fact that Staff Sergeant McCar-thy and Staff Sergeant Hickey are both from Fort Leonard Wood is no surprise. The men and women stationed there serve with strength, seriousness, and purpose, setting an example of military leadership for the entire Army. To Staff Sergeants McCarthy and Hickey, and to all of the soldiers sta-tioned at Fort Leonard Wood, I wish to extend to each and every one of you and your families our gratitude and congratulations. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL APP CHALLENGE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, technology connects the world in ways like never before. From everyday conveniences at our finger-tips to improved communications, technology plays an ever-increasing role in our lives. We are becoming more dependent on applications, or apps, and the students of today will become the leaders of to-morrow by developing such technology. That is why my office is proud again to participate in the Congressional App Challenge. This competition allows K–12 stu-dents from across the country to prac-tice their code-writing skills by devel-oping an app. Winning apps will be dis-played in the Capitol Building later this year. The 2015 winner from my office, Lachlan Campbell, created an app to store recipes and discover new dishes. I am proud that this State College stu-dent was able to show off his talents in our Nation’s Capitol. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that stu-dents from across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District will put their skills to work, create an app, and sub-mit it to the Congressional App Chal-lenge. Submissions will close on November 1, and I can’t wait to see what our stu-dents create. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF BIOENERGY DAY (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Bioenergy Day, a day we celebrate natural renew-able energy in America. On October 18, organizations across America will mark this special day by opening their doors to the public and highlighting how bioenergy is fueling America. Forest by-products are a primary source of bioenergy, making my home State of Arkansas a leading producer in this field. Across the country, bioenergy keeps the lights on and so much more. Bio-energy produces just under 6 percent of the Nation’s total energy supply and provides full-time jobs for tens of thou-sands of Americans, with more plants coming online in the near future. We need to do more research to find economical ways to harness renewable energy in our abundant biomass that we all too often continue to see going up in flames and wildfires. As we ap-proach October 18, I encourage all Americans to learn more about bio-energy, forest by-products, and the en-vironmental benefits derived from our natural resources. f 
CREATING A TURNING POINT FROM A TRAGEDY (Mr. GALLAGHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise as a cosponsor of the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Pro-tection Act the House will be voting on later today. Dr. Kirkpatrick was a promising young clinical psychologist assigned to the Tomah VA in Wisconsin. Com-mitted to finding innovative treat-ments for PTSD, he expressed alarm that patients of the VA were being overmedicated, preventing him from providing the treatment they so des-perately needed. Rather than listen to his concerns, the VA retaliated against him and, ul-timately, Chris was fired; and that very day, he took his own life. The VA investigation later found that Chris’ concerns about overmedication were entirely founded. Chris’ story is a tragedy, but can also serve as a turning point. Just as our veterans have earned world-class care, their allies such as Chris deserve full protection should they bravely decide to document VA wrongdoing or abuse. By increasing these protections today, we are honoring Chris’ memory, serv-ing as a fitting memorial to a life that was tragically cut short. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or if the vote is objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 569) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, with an amendment. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 569 Resolved, That upon the adoption of this resolution the House shall be considered to have taken from the Speaker’s table the bill, H.R. 2266, with the Senate amendment there-to, and to have concurred in the Senate amendment with the following amendment: In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the Senate amendment, insert the following: 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017’’. DIVISION A—ADDITIONAL SUPPLE-MENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR DIS-ASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT OF 2017 The following sums are hereby appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of appli-cable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agen-cies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $18,670,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $10,000,000 shall be transferred to the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector Gen-eral for audits and investigations related to disasters: Provided, That the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall publish on the Agency’s website not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172) that is in excess of $1,000,000, the specifics of each such grant award: Provided further, That for any mission assignment or mission as-signment task order to another Federal de-partment or agency regarding a major dis-aster in excess of $1,000,000, not later than 5 days after the issuance of such mission as-signment or mission assignment task order, the Administrator shall publish on the Agen-cy’s website the following: the name of the impacted State, the disaster declaration for such State, the assigned agency, the assist-ance requested, a description of the disaster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obli-gated: Provided further, That not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission as-signment task order described in the pre-ceding proviso is completed and closed out, the Administrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated: Provided further, That for a dis-aster declaration related to Hurricane Har-vey, Hurricane Irma, or Hurricane Maria, the Administrator shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, not later than 5 days after the first day of each month begin-ning after the date of enactment of this Act, and shall publish on the Agency’s website, not later than 10 days after the first day of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.024 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7990 October 12, 2017 
each such month, an estimate or actual amount, if available, for the current fiscal year of the cost of the following categories of spending: public assistance, individual as-sistance, operations, mitigation, administra-tive, and any other relevant category (in-cluding emergency measures and disaster re-sources): Provided further, That not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the report (referred to as the Disaster Relief Monthly Report) as re-quired by Public Law 114–4. Of the amounts provided in this division for the Disaster Relief Fund, up to $4,900,000,000 may be transferred to the Dis-aster Assistance Direct Loan Program Ac-count for the cost of direct loans as author-ized under section 417 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5184) to be used to assist local governments in providing essential services as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, or Maria: Provided further, That such amounts may subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $4,900,000,000 under section 417 of the Stafford Act: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 417 of the Stafford Act, a territory or possession, and instrumental-ities and local governments thereof, of the United States shall be deemed to be a local government for purposes of this paragraph: Provided further, That notwithstanding sec-tion 417(b) of the Stafford Act, the amount of any such loan issued to a territory or posses-sion, and instrumentalities and local govern-ments thereof, may be based on the projected loss of tax and other revenues and on pro-jected cash outlays not previously budgeted for a period not to exceed 180 days from the date of the major disaster, and may exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law or the constitution of a territory or possession that limits the issuance of debt, a territory or possession, and instrumentalities and local governments thereof, may each receive more than one loan with repayment provisions and other terms specific to the type of lost tax and other revenues and on projected unbudgeted cash outlays for which the loan is provided: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 417(c)(1) of the Stafford Act, loans to a territory or possession, and instru-mentalities and local governments thereof, may be cancelled in whole or in part only at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury: Provided further, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Treas-ury, shall determine the terms, conditions, eligible uses, and timing and amount of Fed-eral disbursements of loans issued to a terri-tory or possession, and instrumentalities and local governments thereof: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661a): Provided further, That FEMA may transfer up to 1.5 percent of the amount under this paragraph to the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program Account for administrative expenses to carry out under this paragraph the direct loan program, as authorized by section 417 of the Stafford Act: Provided further, That of the amount pro-vided under this paragraph for transfer, up to $150,000,000 may be transferred to the Dis-aster Assistance Direct Loan Program Ac-count for the cost to lend a territory or pos-session of the United States that portion of assistance for which the territory or posses-sion is responsible under the cost-sharing provisions of the major disaster declaration for Hurricanes Irma or Maria, as authorized under section 319 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5162): Provided further, That of the amount provided under this paragraph for transfer, up to $1,000,000 may be trans-ferred to the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program Account for administrative expenses to carry out the Advance of Non- Federal Share program, as authorized by sec-tion 319 of the Stafford Act. The amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE F
OREST SERVICE  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’, $184,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, for ur-gent wildland fire suppression operations: Provided, That such funds shall be solely available to be transferred to and merged with other appropriations accounts from which funds were previously transferred for wildland fire suppression in fiscal year 2017 to fully repay those amounts: Provided fur-ther, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FLAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION RESERVE FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’, $342,000,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2021, for necessary expenses for large wildland fire suppression operations of the Department of Agriculture and as a re-serve fund for suppression and Federal emer-gency response activities: Provided, That notwithstanding the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a(e)), such funds shall be solely available to be transferred to and merged with other appropriations accounts from which funds were previously transferred for wildland fire suppression in fiscal year 2017 to fully repay those amounts: Provided fur-ther, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR D
EPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended, for urgent wildland fire suppression activities and funds nec-essary to repay any transfers needed for these costs: Provided, That such funds may be available to be transferred to and merged with other appropriations accounts to fully repay amounts previously transferred for wildland fire suppression: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE III GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 301. Each amount appropriated or made available by this division is in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated for the fiscal year involved. S
EC. 302. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this division shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 303. The terms and conditions applica-ble to the funds provided in this division, in-cluding those provided by this title, shall also apply to the funds made available in di-vision B of Public Law 115–56. S
EC. 304. Each amount designated in this division by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. S
EC. 305. (a)(1) Not later than December 31, 2017, in accordance with criteria to be estab-lished by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘OMB’’), each Federal agency shall submit to OMB, the Government Account-ability Office, the respective Inspector Gen-eral of each agency, and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate internal control plans for funds provided by this division and divi-sion B of Public Law 115–56. (2) Not later than March 31, 2018, the Gov-ernment Accountability Office shall review for the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate the design of the internal control plans required by paragraph (1). (b) All programs and activities receiving funds under this division shall be deemed to be ‘‘susceptible to significant improper pay-ments’’ for purposes of the Improper Pay-ments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note), notwithstanding section 2(a) of such Act. (c) Funds for grants provided by this divi-sion or division B of Public Law 115–56 shall be expended by the grantees within the 24- month period following the agency’s obliga-tion of funds for the grant, unless, in accord-ance with guidance to be issued by the Direc-tor of OMB, the Director waives this require-ment for a particular grant program and sub-mits a written justification for such waiver to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. In the case of such grants, the agency shall in-clude a term in the grant that requires the grantee to return to the agency any funds not expended within the 24-month period. S
EC. 306. (a) The first proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Community Planning and De-velopment—Community Development Fund’’ in division B of Public Law 115–56 is amended by striking ‘‘State or unit of general local government’’ and inserting ‘‘State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302))’’. (b) Amounts repurposed pursuant to sub-section (a) that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of such Act. S
EC. 307. Section 101(a)(7) of division D of Public Law 115–56 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(7) The Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division G of Public Law 115– 31), except the language under the heading ‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’ in the Departments of Agriculture and the Interior.’’. S
EC. 308. (a) Notwithstanding sections 1309, 1310, and 1310a of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016 – 4017a) and section 15(e) of the Federal Flood Insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.002 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7991 October 12, 2017 
Act of 1956 (42 U.S.C 2414(e)), and any bor-rowing agreement entered into between the Department of the Treasury and the Federal Emergency Management Agency, of the in-debtedness of the Administrator under any notes or other obligations issued pursuant to section 1309(a) of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) and sec-tion 15(e) of the Federal Insurance Act of 1956 (42 U.S.C. 2414(e)) that is outstanding as of the date of the enactment of this Act, an amount of $16,000,000,000 is hereby cancelled. To the extent of the amount cancelled, the Administrator and the National Flood Insur-ance Fund are relieved of all liability to the Secretary of the Treasury under any such notes or other obligations, including for any interest due under such notes and any other fees and charges payable in connection with such notes, and the total amount of notes and obligations issued by the Administrator pursuant to such sections shall be considered to be reduced by such amount for the pur-poses of the limitation on such total amount under such section 1309(a). (b) The amount of the indebtedness can-celled under subsection (a) may be treated as public debt of the United States. (c)(1) This section is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). (2) The amount provided in this section is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 309. Notwithstanding section 19(a)(2)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028), not to exceed $1,270,000,000 of funds made available for the contingency reserve under the heading ‘‘Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program’’ of division A of Public Law 114–113 shall be available for the Secretary to provide a grant to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for disaster nutrition assistance in response to the Presidentially declared major disas-ters and emergencies: Provided, That funds made available to Puerto Rico under this section shall remain available for obligation by the Commonwealth until September 30, 2019, and shall be in addition to funds other-wise made available: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 310. Notwithstanding section 2208(l)(3) of title 10, United States Code, during fiscal year 2018, the dollar limitation on advance billing of a customer of a working-capital fund in such section shall not apply with re-spect to the advance billing of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. In the pre-ceding sentence, the term ‘‘advance billing’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2208(l)(4) of title 10, United States Code. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Addi-tional Supplemental Appropriations for Dis-aster Relief Requirements Act of 2017’’. DIVISION B—BANKRUPTCY JUDGESHIP ACT OF 2017 
SECTION 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Bank-ruptcy Judgeship Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1002. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY JUDGES IN CER-TAIN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS. 
(a) T EMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGES AUTHORIZED BY THE BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGESHIP ACT OF 2005.— (1) E
XTENSIONS .—The temporary office of bankruptcy judges authorized for the fol-lowing districts by subsection (b) of the Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 2005 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) are extended until the applicable vacancy specified in paragraph (2) in the of-fice of a bankruptcy judge for the respective district occurs: (A) The district of Delaware. (B) The southern district of Florida. (C) The district of Maryland. (D) The eastern district of Michigan. (E) The district of Nevada. (F) The eastern district of North Carolina. (G) The district of Puerto Rico. (H) The eastern district of Virginia. (2) VACANCIES .— (A) S
INGLE VACANCIES .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), the 1st va-cancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for each district specified in paragraph (1)— (i) occurring more than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (B) D
ISTRICT OF DELAWARE .—The 1st, 2d, 3d, and 4th vacancies in the office of a bank-ruptcy judge for the district of Delaware— (i) occurring 5 years or more after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (C) D
ISTRICT OF MARYLAND .— (i) The 1st vacancy in the office of a bank-ruptcy judge for the district of Maryland— (I) occurring more than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (II) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (ii) The 2d and 3d vacancies in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Mary-land resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (D) S
OUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA .—The 1st and 2d vacancies in the office of a bank-ruptcy judge for the southern district of Florida— (i) occurring more than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROVISIONS .—Except as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2), all other provisions of subsection (b) of the Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 2005 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) and section 2 of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) remain applicable to the temporary office of bankruptcy judges re-ferred to in paragraph (1). (b) T
EMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGES EXTENDED BY THE BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGESHIP ACT OF 2005 AND THE TEMPORARY  B
ANKRUPTCY JUDGESHIPS EXTENSION ACT OF  2012.— (1) E
XTENSIONS .—The temporary office of bankruptcy judges authorized by section 3 of the Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 1992 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) and extended by subsection (c) of the Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 2005 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) and further extended by section 2 of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) for the district of Delaware and the district of Puerto Rico are extended until the applicable vacancy specified in para-graph (2) in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the respective district occurs. (2) V
ACANCIES .— (A) D
ISTRICT OF DELAWARE .—The 5th va-cancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Delaware— (i) occurring more than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (B) DISTRICT OF PUERTO RICO .—The 2d va-cancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Puerto Rico— (i) occurring more than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS .— Except as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2), all other provisions of section 3 of the Bank-ruptcy Judgeship Act of 1992 (28 U.S.C. 152 note), subsection (c) of the Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 2005 (28 U.S.C. 152 note), and section 2 of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note) remain applicable to the temporary office of bankruptcy judges referred to in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1003. TEMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY JUDGE AUTHORIZED. 
(a) A PPOINTMENTS .—The following bank-ruptcy judges shall be appointed in the man-ner prescribed in section 152(a)(1) of title 28, United States Code, for the appointment of bankruptcy judges provided for in section 152(a)(2) of that title: (1) Two additional bankruptcy judges for the district of Delaware. (2) One additional bankruptcy judge for the middle district of Florida. (3) One additional bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of Michigan. (b) V
ACANCIES .— (1) D
ISTRICT OF DELAWARE .—The 6th and 7th vacancies in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Delaware— (A) occurring 5 years or more after the ap-pointment date of the bankruptcy judge ap-pointed under subsection (a)(1) to such of-fice, and (B) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (2) M
IDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA .—The 1st vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the middle district of Florida— (A) occurring 5 years or more after the ap-pointment date of the bankruptcy judge ap-pointed under subsection (a)(2) to such of-fice, and (B) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (3) E
ASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN .—The 2d vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of Michigan— (A) occurring 5 years or more after the ap-pointment date of the bankruptcy judge ap-pointed under subsection (a)(3) to such of-fice, and (B) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. 
SEC. 1004. BANKRUPTCY FEES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 28 OF THE UNITED  S
TATES CODE.—Section 1930(a)(6) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(6) In’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), in’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) During each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, if the balance in the United States Trustee System Fund as of September 30 of the most recent full fiscal year is less than $200,000,000, the quarterly fee payable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.002 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7992 October 12, 2017 
for a quarter in which disbursements equal or exceed $1,000,000 shall be the lesser of 1 percent of such disbursements or $250,000.’’. (b) D
EPOSITS OF CERTAIN FEES FOR FISCAL  Y
EARS 2018 T HROUGH 2022.—Notwithstanding section 589a(b) of title 28, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022— (1) 98 percent of the fees collected under section 1930(a)(6) of such title shall be depos-ited as offsetting collections to the appro-priation ‘‘United States Trustee System Fund’’, to remain available until expended; and (2) 2 percent of the fees collected under sec-tion 1930(a)(6) of such title shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury. (c) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to quarterly fees payable under section 1930(a)(6) of title 28, United States Code, as amended by this section, for disbursements made in any calendar quarter that begins on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1005. CLARIFICATION OF RULE ALLOWING DISCHARGE TO GOVERNMENTAL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE DIS-POSITION OF FARM ASSETS UNDER CHAPTER 12 BANKRUPTCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1232. Claim by a governmental unit based on the disposition of property used in a farming operation ‘‘(a) Any unsecured claim of a govern-mental unit against the debtor or the estate that arises before the filing of the petition, or that arises after the filing of the petition and before the debtor’s discharge under sec-tion 1228, as a result of the sale, transfer, ex-change, or other disposition of any property used in the debtor’s farming operation— ‘‘(1) shall be treated as an unsecured claim arising before the date on which the petition is filed; ‘‘(2) shall not be entitled to priority under section 507; ‘‘(3) shall be provided for under a plan; and ‘‘(4) shall be discharged in accordance with section 1228. ‘‘(b) For purposes of applying sections 1225(a)(4), 1228(b)(2), and 1229(b)(1) to a claim described in subsection (a) of this section, the amount that would be paid on such claim if the estate of the debtor were liquidated in a case under chapter 7 of this title shall be the amount that would be paid by the estate in a chapter 7 case if the claim were an unse-cured claim arising before the date on which the petition was filed and were not entitled to priority under section 507. ‘‘(c) For purposes of applying sections 523(a), 1228(a)(2), and 1228(c)(2) to a claim de-scribed in subsection (a) of this section, the claim shall not be treated as a claim of a kind specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 523(a)(1). ‘‘(d)(1) A governmental unit may file a proof of claim for a claim described in sub-section (a) that arises after the date on which the petition is filed. ‘‘(2) If a debtor files a tax return after the filing of the petition for a period in which a claim described in subsection (a) arises, and the claim relates to the tax return, the debt-or shall serve notice of the claim on the gov-ernmental unit charged with the responsi-bility for the collection of the tax at the ad-dress and in the manner designated in sec-tion 505(b)(1). Notice under this paragraph shall state that the debtor has filed a peti-tion under this chapter, state the name and location of the court in which the case under this chapter is pending, state the amount of the claim, and include a copy of the filed tax return and documentation supporting the calculation of the claim. ‘‘(3) If notice of a claim has been served on the governmental unit in accordance with paragraph (2), the governmental unit may file a proof of claim not later than 180 days after the date on which such notice was served. If the governmental unit has not filed a timely proof of the claim, the debtor or trustee may file proof of the claim that is consistent with the notice served under para-graph (2). If a proof of claim is filed by the debtor or trustee under this paragraph, the governmental unit may not amend the proof of claim. ‘‘(4) A claim filed under this subsection shall be determined and shall be allowed under subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 502, or disallowed under subsection (d) or (e) of section 502, in the same manner as if the claim had arisen immediately before the date of the filing of the petition.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in section 1222(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘unless—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the holder’’ and inserting ‘‘unless the holder’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) subject to section 1232, provide for the treatment of any claim by a governmental unit of a kind described in section 1232(a).’’; (B) in section 1228— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by inserting a comma after ‘‘all debts provided for by the plan’’; and (bb) by inserting a comma after ‘‘allowed under section 503 of this title’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the kind’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a kind specified in section 523(a) of this title, except as provided in section 1232(c).’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as provided in section 1232(c)’’ before the period at the end; and (C) in section 1229(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) provide for the payment of a claim de-scribed in section 1232(a) that arose after the date on which the petition was filed.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1232. Claim by a governmental unit based on the disposition of property used in a farming operation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any bankruptcy case— (A) that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act; (B) in which the plan under chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, has not been confirmed on the date of enactment of this Act; and (C) relating to which an order of discharge under section 1228 of title 11, United States Code, has not been entered; and (2) any bankruptcy case that commences on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in consid-eration of H. Res. 569. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present H. Res. 569, making additional supple-mental appropriations for disaster re-lief requirements for the current fiscal year to help respond to recent dev-astating natural disasters. Over the past 2 months, millions of Americans have had their lives forever altered by destructive hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands, and by raging and dead-ly wildfires in the West. We all support those who are victim-ized, particularly those who lost their lives or lost loved ones, and we will continue to be with them every step of the way with the Federal support they need as they recover and rebuild. Our thanks go to the first responders, volunteers, and States who saved countless lives, protected commu-nities, and demonstrated the best of humanity; that includes FEMA, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Depart-ment of Defense, the Coast Guard, and many other Federal agencies for get-ting the first installment of relief to those in need. However, with such massive, unprec-edented damage, more help is clearly needed to continue to respond to these recovery efforts, to rebuild commu-nities with dollars, with resources, with manpower, and with our support. This emergency funding legislation, the second installment, addresses ur-gent short-term immediate priorities: replenishing FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund, supporting ongoing Federal wild-fire suppression efforts, providing debt relief for the Federal Flood Insurance Program, and other assistance that will help our fellow Americans in their time of greatest need. To summarize the $36.5 billion in emergency funding provided in this bill, in total, $18.7 billion is provided for the Disaster Relief Fund. This in-cludes $13.77 billion for the most imme-diate response needs: lifesaving mis-sions, emergency protection, the repair and restoration of public infrastructure like communications, power, transpor-tation, and, yes, shelter, and financial assistance to individuals and families affected as they rebuild their lives. This package also includes $4.9 bil-lion for community disaster loans, which will ensure local governments are able to provide basic municipal services such as police and fire protec-tion and public education throughout this trying time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.002 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7993 October 12, 2017 
In addition to the Disaster Relief Fund, this bill provides a one-time pay-ment of $1.27 billion to allow Puerto Rico and our fellow citizens to receive the same access to emergency disaster and nutrition program benefits that other States receive. The bill also ensures that the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program is able to meet its existing claim obligations as Americans cope with the tremen-dous flood damage to their homes and communities. For wildlife suppression, the bill con-tains $576.5 million. As we have seen, the situation out West has grown even more desperate and deadly. We must ensure that those heroic firefighters can continue to save lives and protect property. As we know, the needs of each dis-aster area are ever changing. Con-sequently, our Appropriations Com-mittee and all of our Members continue to monitor the progress of recovery ef-forts as well as anticipate emerging needs. This will be a long process, Mr. Speaker, and the second package or in-stallment of the Federal support will certainly not be all that is needed over the long term. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill. It is important for the Nation, for the communities affected, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, since Hurricane Harvey wrought historic flooding in Texas, 12 major disasters have been declared. From a hurricane that damaged large swaths of Florida, storms that annihi-lated Puerto Rico and the Virgin Is-lands, and wildfires burning in the West, Americans deserve certainty the Federal Government will stand by them in their time of need. This is par-ticularly important after the President threatened to abandon Puerto Rico in his latest Twitter this morning. Congress cannot turn its back on re-covery, no matter how reckless the President’s outburst may be, as Ameri-cans are suffering and simply trying to survive. This package provides critical disaster relief, flood insurance aid, and help for communities devastated by wildfires. Puerto Rico would be aided by provi-sions to address its liquidity crisis by facilitating recovery, not paying credi-tors, and providing additional nutri-tion assistance. Additionally, the bill would continue aid to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands from the Depart-ment of Defense. However, more must be done to pro-vide medium- and long-term invest-ments, including rebuilding ports, coastlines, airports, roads, bridges, re-pairing the electrical grid and other in-frastructure, and ensuring the health needs of American citizens are met. I urge your support for this bill and your continued focus on ensuring the full recovery of American communities devastated by natural disasters. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the distinguished ranking member of the Commerce, Jus-tice, Science Appropriations Sub-committee. (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding. This bill is a first step in helping Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands re-cover from the devastation of Hurri-cane Maria. It will provide FEMA and the governments of the islands with the funds needed to address immediate relief needs and begin the recovery process. I do want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their commitment to this issue and for taking my phone calls at all different times, on week-ends. You have been very helpful and very supportive. b1230 Both will be visiting the island to-morrow and will be able to see first-hand the dramatic and comprehensive needs that Puerto Rico is facing. Right now, 85 percent of the island still lacks electricity more than 3 weeks after the hurricane hit. One- third of the island doesn’t have access to clean drinking water. Most of the is-land still lacks cellular service, ham-pering the vital information to deliver assistance in the areas that are needed. Federal employees on the island now are doing important and vital work, but we need more boots on the ground. This funding provides them with the resources needed to do that in the short term. But to succeed, there needs to be a commitment from the highest levels of government to ensure the recovery of all areas that are part of our Nation, including its territories. Unfortu-nately, given the President’s latest Twitter rant this morning, it seems un-likely that we have that focus and commitment. So it is up to us in Congress to make sure that the Federal Government doesn’t forget about Puerto Rico, and that is what I intend to do in the days and months ahead. But to both of you and to our membership here, thank you for not forgetting Puerto Rico. This is an ongoing battle and an ongoing issue. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the supplemental appropria-tions bill. I want to commend Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and the committee staff for their quick and thorough work to put this supplemental package to-gether, and I thank the leadership for its swift action in scheduling this for House consideration. In fiscal year 2017, the Forest Service had a shortfall of nearly $577 million in firefighting funds. To cover its imme-diate firefighting costs, the Forest Service borrowed from its nonfire pro-grams, as well as the Department of the Interior. The bill will replace and repay those borrowed funds and close the books on fiscal year 2017. Specifically, it pro-vides $526 million for the Forest Serv-ice and $50 million for the Department of the Interior. The cost of fighting fires on our na-tional forests and other public lands has increased dramatically over the last 15 years, yet these fires and costs remain highly unpredictable. Right now the West is on fire. In my home State of California, firefighters are battling 22 large wildfires that have burned nearly 170,000 acres. The bill gives the government the tools it needs to assist local officials to get those fires under control as soon as possible. We, the Congress, need to fix the way we budget for wildland fire so that the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior can focus on managing our Federal lands appropriately. We also need to give them the necessary legal authorities and tools to improve the condition and management of our na-tional forests. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. ROYBAL - A
LLARD ), the ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, the past few months have witnessed one of the most devastating natural disasters ever endured by our country. They include hurricanes, voracious wildfires in my home State of Cali-fornia that have killed at least 23 peo-ple, required mass evacuations, and burned more than 170,000 acres and thousands of homes and businesses. By acting quickly on this emergency supplemental, we are sending a strong message that we are here for disaster victims, including our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. But this is just a downpayment. We still don’t have the final damage es-timates for many of the affected areas. In the coming weeks and months, we will need to once again support FEMA’s continued recovery efforts, in-cluding in Puerto Rico, despite the President’s threats to abandon the peo-ple there. There will be more to do to address unmet needs through the Com-munity Development Block Grant pro-gram and other disaster relief pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, I encourage support for this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.026 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7994 October 12, 2017 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM), the ranking member of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee. (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this funding package. This bill is a downpayment on the re-covery from the recent fires and hurri-canes. I am pleased that it contains $576.5 million to fully repay the funds that the U.S. Forest Service borrowed last fiscal year to pay for wildfire suppres-sion. We have all seen the devastation and the tragic loss of life from large fires burning across our country. Fiscal year 2017 was the most expen-sive year on record for wildfire suppres-sion, costing $2.4 billion. As the dura-tion and severity of wildfires grows, costs will continue to rise. Unfortunately, once again we have missed the opportunity to fix the way the Federal Government funds wildfire suppression. Let me be clear: the next supple-mental must include a legislative fix for wildfire spending, and it must ade-quately support the Department of the Interior and its vital efforts to help our country rebuild from the recent fires and hurricanes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N), whose leadership in this time of crisis we all salute. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, first, I thank the Speaker of the House and the whole leadership, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , and all of the members from the Appro-priations Committee for allowing the Federal Government to help Puerto Rico in this dire situation. On behalf of the 3.4 million American citizens that live in Puerto Rico and the nearly 5.5 million Puerto Ricans that live on the mainland, I rise today in strong support of this disaster sup-plemental appropriations bill. They have been focused on Puerto Rico since before the arrival of Hurricane Irma, and then during Hurricane Maria. I also thank all of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who have reached out during these past 3 weeks to express their encouragement and offer their assistance during this proc-ess. For that, my constituents and I will always be grateful to all of the Members of this House. As you may know by now, Puerto Rico was hit by two major hurricanes. First, Hurricane Irma, which caused significant damage on the eastern part of the island. That was on September 6. Then, on September 20, a few days later, we got hit by Hurricane Maria, which caused unprecedented destruc-tion throughout the whole island and which many people consider that hurri-cane to be the most catastrophic nat-ural disaster ever on U.S. soil. Today, 22 days after the storm hit, nearly 85 percent of our population re-mains without power, 44 percent with-out running water, and almost 58 per-cent without access to telecommuni-cations. To this date, we still have towns like Las Marias, Maricao, Utuado, and many others in the central part of the island, that remain uncommunicated and can only be accessed by air since most of the roads and bridges were washed away. We are talking about more than 18 major roads and bridges that were just washed away. The death toll has reached 48 fatalities, and, unfortu-nately, certainly that number is going to increase in the coming days and weeks. This unprecedented humanitarian crisis in our own Nation has begun what is likely to evolve into a mass ex-odus of Puerto Ricans to the U.S. mainland, further jeopardizing the is-land’s long-term recovery. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today tell-ing you that the American citizens that live in Puerto Rico still are suf-fering in different ways. This is not the time to focus on how and when re-sources will be withdrawn from Puerto Rico, or how slowly we are going to re-build the island. Today, 85 percent of our island is without electricity, yet 3.4 million American citizens living there just got less than 15,000 people working to recover the power grid. I just want to remind you that Florida got more than 61,000 people helping to recover their power grid in just 4 days. That is not acceptable in our case, and we are still American citizens. I know a lot of problems persist. It is too difficult to address the issue when you are not part of the mainland, you are not part of the power grid. It is dif-ferent when you get access and re-sources to Texas, Louisiana, or Flor-ida, because you can drive or you can have helicopters. In our case, every-thing is by ship or air. That means it is more difficult for the Federal Govern-ment to assist directly. That is the rea-son we got more than 15,000 personnel from the Coast Guard, National Guard, Army Corps of Engineers, FEMA, Navy, and the assistance of all national guards—Virginia, Florida, and New York, just to name a few. The Puerto Rican communities in the States and on the island are show-ing the way, along with private compa-nies, NGOs, and countless volunteers throughout the whole Nation. But there is still a lot that needs to be done as we begin the reconstruction. That is the reason this supplemental is so im-portant for us. Allowing the people of Puerto Rico to access problems that we never have be-fore, like SNAP, which will provide $1.3 billion to receive the same emergency disaster and nutrition assistance bene-fits as the States, this is the first time this Congress has allowed this to hap-pen to Puerto Rico. I thank the Members and leadership of the House for allowing this money. This is the bill that provides for $18.7 billion to FEMA to have the disaster relief fund to help in lifesaving mis-sions across the island for emergency protection and removal of debris—we continue to have a lot of debris on the island—and the repair and restoration of our infrastructure. That is going to be a matter of discussion on another day because we can’t rebuild or redo the infrastructure we did before from the fifties or the sixties. We need to redo a lot of things on our power grid. It will provide also—and this is a very important area—$7.4 billion to have liquidity to the local government of Puerto Rico just to match Federal funds that are needed to these recovery actions. This is the second step this House has taken in terms of helping the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, people that are Amer-ican citizens. This is the second step. The first one was the first supple-mental that was approved. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. So this is the second step. This is not going to be the last one. We are going to need a lot more help in the coming months, and I know we can count on this House and on this Con-gress to make that happen. The people of Puerto Rico are grate-ful, they are resilient, and they are going to continue to show us the way to recover. It is going to take a lot of time, a lot of resources, a lot of money, and a lot of commitment as U.S. citi-zens, like we are. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, let me just start by saying to the people of Puerto Rico: Despite President Trump’s indifference and soft bigotry, we will be there for the people of Puerto Rico until the last Ameri-can’s life returns to normal. While I rise to support this critical emergency appropriations bill, this supplemental leaves much to be de-sired. This legislation provides vital re-covery funds to my home State of Flor-ida, as well as Texas; the U.S. Virgin Islands; Puerto Rico; and California, where wildfires remain ablaze. How-ever, it neglects to include SBA loans for small businesses and homeowners, as well as making smart investments in our ports, coastlines, water systems, and electrical grids. This bill also neglects to address the devastating agricultural losses, espe-cially to Florida’s $10 billion citrus in-dustry. It is also important to note that, in Florida, this vital funding will not be able to address the public health hazard of debris strewn across our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.028 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7995 October 12, 2017 
lawns and streets as Governor Scott shamefully refuses to allow our cities to fully access FEMA funds. While the majority has said these and other issues can be part of future omnibus negotiations, this delay will leave constituents waiting months longer to receive the services they so desperately need. They should not have to wait. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. b1245 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Com-mittee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both the gentleman from New Jersey, the chairman, and the ranking member from New York for their work. Mr. Speaker, the people of Puerto Rico, 3.5 million of our fellow citizens, are suffering. The mayor of my home town, Yabucoa, where Maria made landfall, is predicting that as many as 5,000 residents are potentially facing starvation. More than 85 percent of the island is without electricity. One-third of Puer-to Ricans lack access to drinkable water, which will surge the number of bacterial infections and mosquito- borne illnesses. As Puerto Rico faces this humani-tarian crisis, the President of the United States is tweeting out threats to withdraw assistance. That is an out-rage. It is an insult. It is an abdication of the President’s solemn duty to pro-tect the safety and security of the American people. American citizens ev-erywhere deserve better. Where the President is failing to lead, Congress must act, and act now. The legislation we are debating today is far from sufficient. It is not enough, but it is a start. It is a downpayment in helping the response process. It will keep FEMA operating, removing debris and distributing food and water. It also helps Puerto Rico’s Govern-ment address a looming cash shortfall. With the government running out of money by November 1, vital services could be suspended when residents can least afford it. This bill would provide a short-term cash infusion for the government to keep going. The way this assistance is structured under the law, these funds will likely not be paid back, which is reasonable, given the challenges Puer-to Rico faces. Some of those challenges have been created by the lack of action of the Congress when it comes to Med-icaid. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. There is going to need to be much more assistance in the future. Puerto Rico will need help rebuilding its energy grid, repairing telecommuni-cations networks, and putting its ports, bridges, and roads back together, and we cannot forget shoring up the is-land’s Medicaid system, something that was critical before Maria, but is even more important now. This problem is of Congress’ making, and we must fix it. Make no mistake. Those priorities will require more money, and we will need to come back and address them in a few weeks. The people of Puerto Rico are Amer-ican citizens. And, you know, what? Even when so many of my brothers and sisters are suffering in Puerto Rico, are facing a humanitarian crisis, at last, 50 percent of the people in this country who didn’t know that Puerto Ricans are American citizens are learning that fact. Yes, American citizens, when, in 1898, Puerto Rico was invaded and taken over by the U.S. Government. So now it is our responsibility to make Puerto Rico whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are once again reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ), chair-man of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropria-tions. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by first recognizing one of our own, who has been a superb rep-resentative for Puerto Rico in these very difficult times. You rarely see somebody with the talent, the energy of the representative of Puerto Rico here in Congress. Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N has been, frankly, a hero, and I just wanted to mention that, because she has really made all of us understand the situation, and she has done so with great dignity and great passion and great brilliance. I just had to say that. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the chairman for being incredibly acces-sible and engaged. Florida has gotten hit rather hard, as you know. This bill totals $36.5 billion. $18.67 billion of that goes directly to FEMA’s Disaster Re-lief Fund, and it also ensures that our National Flood Insurance Program has the resources that it needs to pay the claims, also an important grant food and aid loan eligibility to Puerto Rico, which is crucial. So far, Mr. Speaker, Florida has re-ceived $740 million for assistance for individuals through FEMA, and is working through over 608,000 appli-cants. Think about that. As we continue to recover, again, I look forward to continue working with the chairman, who has been phe-nomenal. Specifically, we are going to have to deal with the agricultural impact of this storm, and again, particularly on the citrus industry, that has been dev-astated by this storm. This is an important bill. It is an im-portant bill. I want to thank the chair-man for bringing it up so quickly. We must pass it. I look forward to working with Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and with all our colleagues through this process, because we are going to need more assistance as the days and the months go. So this is an important bill. I urge your support. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I rise in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, millions of our fellow Americans in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands are look-ing to Congress and the administration to work together to provide aid and as-sistance in recovery and rebuilding. I disagree with the President of the United States that we are going to leave Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands or any other American precipitously before we have done the job we need to do. The recent hurricanes have left 3.6 million Americans in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands still without power, fuel, clean water, food, elec-tricity, and access to medical facili-ties. That is unacceptable, I say to the administration. We are witnessing a humanitarian disaster of historic proportions, and it will get worse if we do not come to-gether as a nation and bring to bear the full force of the Federal Govern-ment to assist. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor to ef-fect that end. That is why I have called on Presi-dent Trump to muster every Federal resource, to muster and ensure that aid and supplies can reach those who need them, and to work on restoring power, water, and communications. Because many are still out of reach, we do not yet know the full extent of the damage and loss of life. Today’s Washington Post has a front page story chronicling the tragedy that continues as of now to unfold in Puerto Rico, where nightfall brings complete darkness, and diseases are spreading by way of contaminated water. The island has been plunged into the 19th century. The Virgin Islands shares that status. This supplemental must be followed in the weeks and months ahead by ad-ditional measures to provide disaster relief funding and financial assistance to bring the infrastructure of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands up to 21st century standards in order to pre-vent a repeat of what has occurred. According to a letter sent to the con-gressional leadership on October 7, by the governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello´, the damage of that island is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.030 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7996 October 12, 2017 
estimated to cost as much as $95 bil-lion, which is 150 percent of Puerto Rico’s gross national product. This funding package is an important step, though it fails to provide ur-gently needed Medicaid funding to help the 1.6 million in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands who rely on Med-icaid for their healthcare. Congress must do its part and ensure that the resources are available, but it is up to the administration to make certain that the resources we provide get to those who need them. So I ask my colleagues to join me in passing this bill, and I call on the President again to take every nec-essary measure to address this humani-tarian crisis affecting our fellow Amer-icans. Mr. President, do not send a message to any American that we will turn our backs on them. That is not fair, it is not right, and you ought to correct the statement you made this morning. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, Puerto Rico has no power. The U.S. Virgin Islands has no power. St. Johns is completely collapsed in the U.S. Vir-gin Islands. The people are dying from contaminated water. Mr. President, how can you abandon the American people? This bill is going to provide FEMA assistance to keep giving so they can have it. It is going to give $16 billion to the senior citizens in my district, who have paid their flood insurance, who are desperate to get their houses re-paired, to get the mold out after being impacted by Hurricane Harvey. Yes, I woke up this morning to the outrage of the fires and people dying in California. That is what is in this bill. I can’t imagine that a President would make this comment of walking away, but I am here to fight for those who have been impacted by Hurricane Harvey. We are still suffering. Senior citizens are out of their homes. We have been evicting people in public housing. We need community develop-ment block grants. The Army Corps of Engineers is greatly needed. The funding that we ask for is not in here, block grants is not in here, and as well the restoration that we need. We will fight. I will not turn my back on Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands and vote ‘‘no’’. I will vote ‘‘yes’’—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman is out of order. Ms. JACKSON LEE. And help Ameri-cans, but Hurricane Harvey has to be in the next bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman is no longer recognized. Ms. JACKSON LEE. * * * The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to heed the gavel. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ), who I believe just returned. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY for bringing more disaster relief legislation to the floor today. I am pleased to see much-needed sup-port for ongoing disaster response ef-forts in the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and other hurricane-affected areas, including direct assistance to families, debris removal operations, and emergency protective measures carried out by FEMA, and additional activities of numerous other Federal agencies that are on the ground work-ing around the clock to help us to re-cover and rebuild. I cannot thank enough all of our Fed-eral and local personnel helping us through this. I have been on the ground after Irma, after Maria, and just re-cently, and I tell you, their support is invaluable. I am particularly pleased to see the subdivision of $5 billion for Disaster Di-rect Loan Program to assist local gov-ernments and with measures taking into account the unique aid and flexi-bility needed for the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. Multiple loans will be available based on different types of losses and unan-ticipated spending needs, and waivers of amount limits are also helpful. Addi-tional loans to pay for local matching requirements is an important support. However, I am deeply concerned about the important relief that was left out of this bill and the administra-tion’s disaster relief request last week. This does not incorporate the medium and long-term assistance that played a clear critical role in the recovery fol-lowing previous disasters like Katrina and Sandy, and the Virgin Islands can-not afford to wait for this to be a high-er priority of the Federal Government. The package does not include com-munity development and social service block grant funding, Economic Devel-opment Administration funds, supple-mental housing assistance, nor addi-tional funds for repair of our water in-frastructure, ports, community facili-ties, airports, roads, parks, wetlands, and fisheries. Damage sustained in all of these areas has been catastrophic, and wait-ing around until another end of the year for auxiliary funding for these pressing needs is not acceptable. Perhaps most concerning is the lack of Medicaid program assistance to the territory. Even before two consecutive Category 5 hurricanes that decimated our hospitals and medical infrastruc-ture, the Virgin Islands was forced to operate a Medicaid program that is capped in an amount that has no rela-tionship to local needs, and our rate of Federal matching funds, our FMAP, is limited to an arbitrarily low 55 percent Federal to 45 percent local contribu-tion. b1300 Thousands of our citizens go without adequate care due to this treatment every year, in addition to the impacts on our providers and hospitals due to uncompensated care, but after these back-to-back storms, there is no rev-enue being generated in the Virgin Is-lands and Puerto Rico at this time. Our tourism-related economy is gone. We will miss this entire year, at the very least. With our public health and social welfare needs, we are in dire need of supplemental Medicaid support, includ-ing a temporary 100 percent Federal contribution, just like what was pro-vided to Americans living in Louisiana and Texas following Katrina. I was pleased to see Ranking Member P
ALLONE ’s proposal to provide this 100 percent temporary Federal share with a substantial plus-up to our allotment so that the American citizens—yes, American citizens—in the Virgin Is-lands and Puerto Rico can have the benefit of Medicaid in this time of greatest need. This has not been a part of this pack-age. Virgin Islanders cannot wait until Christmas for a Medicaid program. We need it now. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), the rank-ing member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the de-struction that this historic hurricane season has wrought on Texas, Florida, the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Gulf Coast, I am very pleased that, in addition to the emergency relief funds for wildfires that are burning on both ends of California, the bill also in-cludes liquidity and emergency nutri-tional assistance for Puerto Rico, where they are facing particularly dif-ficult challenges in their recovery ef-forts. This bill also provides for partial debt forgiveness of $16 billion for the National Flood Insurance Program. I am encouraged to see that the ad-ministration finally understands what we have been saying for a long time: we need to forgive the debt of the NFIP, which FEMA has repeatedly stated it will never be able to repay. Following the losses that will be in-curred as a result of the recent hurri-canes, the NFIP needs debt forgiveness more than ever. But let’s be clear. The partial debt forgiveness will leave the NFIP with a crushing level of debt. Al-though this is a step in the right direc-tion, we should forgive all of the debt that the NFIP has accrued from cata-strophic storms like Katrina and Sandy instead of burdening the NFIP policyholders with hundreds of millions of dollars in interest payments every year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.032 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7997 October 12, 2017 
Before this hurricane season, NFIP policyholders were already paying more in interest than the entire NFIP spends on salaries and expenses or funding mitigation or paying for flood maps. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), a senior member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ranking member for yielding time to me and for her tireless leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, as a Representative from northern California, let me just say that my thoughts and prayers are with our neighbors in the North Bay. I remember the Oakland Hills. I rep-resent Oakland and Berkeley, Cali-fornia; and just as many helped us then, we will help our neighbors now. I am deeply grateful to our fire-fighters and our first responders who have been working around the clock to extinguish these fires. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in strong sup-port of this emergency supplemental. Our neighbors in the North Bay, the Gulf Coast, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Vir-gin Islands, Texas, they need our help, and they need it now. Communities are devastated, and many are still without power and water. This is a life-and- death situation for so many. Make no mistake, the recovery proc-ess is just beginning, and we cannot forget our Caribbean neighbors who are also suffering. Mr. Speaker, the supplemental is a good first step. It is a good first step in a very long process, but we must pro-vide more long-term assistance to help communities rebuild and to help them recover very quickly, and we must leave no one behind. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here with my partner, our chairman, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . I know that he understands, as we all do, this is not a Republican or Democratic issue. This is our responsibility, to face the tremendous challenge that we see: people are suffering, schools are closed, more than three-quarters of the island does not have any energy, no clean water, need for food, need for basic services. I am very pleased to work with the chairman of the committee, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , and I know that we will both be going to the island of Puerto Rico to actually see firsthand what has to be done, and it is clear it has to be done now. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ). Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity to travel to Puerto Rico this past Saturday with a bipar-tisan group of legislators. We traveled there with Resident Commissioner GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N, who has been an ab-solutely outstanding advocate for Puerto Rico during this difficult time. I have a few takeaways from that: One, it was a sobering experience to see how widespread the devastation is on the island. Every single aspect of the island of Puerto Rico was affected. Secondly, the full commitment of the Department of Defense, of FEMA, of every Federal Government agency and the effort to recover that is being con-ducted in conjunction with the Gov-ernor and folks on the ground in Puer-to Rico is great to see. It is an effective initial recovery effort that has saved and has sustained lives. Millions of meals and millions of bottles of water have been distributed. A third takeaway is this will require a sustained active and effective effort. I want to thank the chairman for in-troducing this bill today, which is ab-solutely necessary to bring back the economy on the island of Puerto Rico. The top priority now is to rebuild the grid, which is absolutely essential to getting the economy in Puerto Rico moving. That is why we need this aid package. It is an important step along the long road to recovery for our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, as well as for all of those impacted by hurricanes in the South and those out West battling wildfires. One thing I saw as well: the Amer-ican people come to the assistance of other citizens in need, and that is true whether it is in Houston, Florida, or in Puerto Rico. Again, I would like to thank the chair for introducing this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to associate my remarks with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) as well as with my col-league from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). On our committee, we try to get the work of the Nation done, and at this point in history we have had some in-credible tragedies and natural disas-ters. As a group, as this House, we must act quickly to ensure that the Federal Government fulfills its duty to millions of Americans in need. Whether they are from Texas or whether they are from Florida or whether they are from Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands, they are all citizens. Whether they are from the West, who have been fighting these deadly fires, they deserve our support. This will be the second installment of emergency funding. There will be oth-ers. I know people are concerned that not every State’s needs are met, but this is a good step in the right direc-tion, and I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation so we can get this money out the door as quickly as possible. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to stand with the hundreds of thousands of Texas families victimized by Hurricane Har-vey, and urge our state and federal officials to use available resources to help our fellow Americans in their time of need. With nearly four-and-a-half feet of rain and 130 mile per hour winds, Hurricane Harvey is the largest and most expensive natural dis-aster to hit Texas in living memory. At least 270,000 homes and residences were dam-aged in our state. Most tragically, over 75 in-nocent people lost their lives as a result of Harvey, most of them in Harris County. Later today the U.S. House of Representa-tives will be voting on a $36.5 billion disaster supplemental bill to sustain relief and recovery efforts in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This is not a perfect bill. I would have strongly preferred Congress provide dedicated funds to rebuild Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast, especially dedicated funding towards our region’s flood control infrastructure and im-mediate housing needs for hurricane victims. However, this supplemental will sustain the current recovery efforts till the damages caused by these devastating hurricanes can be fully assessed. Today’s supplemental is on top of $15 billion in emergency funding Con-gress passed last month in the immediate aftermath of Harvey. The bipartisan Texas Congressional Delega-tion is committed to securing the substantial federal funds Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast need to rebuild and be prepared for the next big storm before the holiday season. Our local officials, in particular the Governor of Texas and the state legislature, have the opportunity right now to act and ramp-up re-building efforts through our state’s Economic Stabilization Fund. Popularly known as Texas’s ‘‘rainy day fund,’’ the ESF currently has over $10 billion available for emergencies. There can be no question that the destruction caused by Har-vey and the immediate needs of tens of thou-sands of Texans are an emergency and are the reason why our state has been investing in a rainy day fund in the first place. Harris County Judge Ed Emmett and Hous-ton Mayor Sylvester Turner have already called on Governor Greg Abbott to use his au-thority to tap the rainy day fund and help Tex-ans in need and rebuild our infrastructure. I join Judge Emmett and Mayor Turner in calling on the governor to immediately author-ize emergency funding through our rainy day fund and help rebuild Houston and Harris County. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 569. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.034 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7998 October 12, 2017 
b1315 DR. CHRIS KIRKPATRICK WHISTLE-BLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 562, I call up the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistle-blower protections for Federal employ-ees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and in-creased accountability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 562, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 585 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY Sec. 101. Definitions. Sec. 102. Stays; probationary employees. Sec. 103. Prohibited personnel practices. Sec. 104. Discipline of supervisors based on retaliation against whistle-blowers. Sec. 105. Suicide by employees. Sec. 106. Training for supervisors. Sec. 107. Information on whistleblower pro-tections. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES Sec. 201. Prevention of unauthorized access to medical records of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 202. Outreach on availability of mental health services available to em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 203. Protocols to address threats against employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 204. Comptroller General of the United States study on accountability of chiefs of police of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs med-ical centers. TITLE I—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means an entity that is an agency, as defined under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether one or more portions of title 5 of the United States Code are inapplicable to the entity; and (B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); (2) the term ‘‘employee’’ means an em-ployee (as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) of an agency; and (3) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. STAYS; PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EQUEST BY SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay under this subsection, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (b) PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay to an employee in probationary status under subsection (c), the head of the agency employing the employee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (c) S
TUDY REGARDING RETALIATION AGAINST  P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a report discussing retaliation against employees in probationary status. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES. 
Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’. 
SEC. 104. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means an entity that is an agency, as de-fined under section 2302, without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8), (9), or (14) of sec-tion 2302(b) against an employee of an agen-cy; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee who would be a supervisor, as defined under section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency employing a supervisor, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector General of the agency employing a supervisor deter-mines that the supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action, the head of the agency employing the supervisor, in accord-ance with the procedures required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by a supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the super-visor for a period of not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may, in addition to a suspension de-scribed in clause (i), propose any other ac-tion, including a reduction in grade or pay, that the head of the agency determines ap-propriate; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel action committed by a supervisor, shall pro-pose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under para-graph (1) is entitled to written notice— ‘‘(i) stating the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informing the supervisor of the right of the supervisor to review the material which is relied on to support the reasons for the proposed action. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed action under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days fol-lowing such notification to answer and fur-nish evidence in support of the answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), if a supervisor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the head of the agency determines that such evidence is not sufficient to re-verse the proposed action, the head of the agency shall carry out the action. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and pro-cedures (including regarding appeals) as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; or ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) D
ELEGATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (B), the head of an agency may delegate any authority or responsibility under this subsection. ‘‘(B) N
ONDELEGABILITY OF DETERMINATION  
REGARDING PROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for de-termining whether a supervisor has com-mitted a prohibited personnel action for pur-poses of paragraph (1), the head of the agen-cy may not delegate that responsibility.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. 105. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EFERRAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency re-garding the circumstances described in para-graphs (2) and (3), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indi-cating— (1) an employee of the agency committed suicide; (2) prior to the death of the employee, the employee made any disclosure of informa-tion which reasonably evidences— (A) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation; or (B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty; and (3) after a disclosure described in para-graph (2), a personnel action was taken against the employee. (b) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— For any referral to the Special Counsel under subsection (a), the Special Counsel shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.037 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7999 October 12, 2017 
(1) examine whether any personnel action was taken because of any disclosure of infor-mation described in subsection (a)(2); and (2) take any action the Special Counsel de-termines appropriate under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 106. TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS. 
In consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency (or senior ethics official of the agency for an agency without an Inspector General), the head of each agency shall provide training regarding how to respond to complaints al-leging a violation of whistleblower protec-tions (as defined in section 2307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by section 107) available to employees of the agency— (1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the agency who have not pre-viously served as a supervisor; and (2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the agency serving in a supervisory position. 
SEC. 107. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) E XISTING PROVISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) Section 4505a(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (B) Section 5755(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (C) Section 110(b)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(f)(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(e)(1) or (2)’’. (D) Section 1217(d)(3) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3657(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (E) Section 1233(b) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3673(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(c)’’. (b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2302; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of an agency on or after the date of enactment of the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8), subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9), or paragraph (14) of section 2302(b). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF HEAD OF AGEN-
CY.—The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for the prevention of prohibited personnel practices, for the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other as-pects of personnel management, and for en-suring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency) that employees of the agency are in-formed of the rights and remedies available to them under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(1) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(2) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(3) how to make a lawful disclosure of in-formation that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of an agency, Congress, or other agency employee des-ignated to receive such disclosures. ‘‘(c) TIMING .—The head of each agency shall ensure that the information required to be provided under subsection (b) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 6 months after the date the new em-ployee begins performing service as an em-ployee. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The head of each agency shall make available informa-tion regarding whistleblower protections ap-plicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the agency if one exists. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for personnel management, or for any aspect thereof, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the ac-tivities described in subsection (b).’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions.’’. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 201. PREVENTION OF UNAUTHORIZED AC-CESS TO MEDICAL RECORDS OF EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) develop a plan to prevent access to the medical records of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs by employees of the Department who are not authorized to access such records; (B) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the plan developed under sub-paragraph (A); and (C) upon request, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress with re-spect to the plan developed under subpara-graph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed assessment of strategic goals of the Department for the prevention of unauthorized access to the medical records of employees of the Department. (B) A list of circumstances in which an em-ployee of the Department who is not a health care provider or an assistant to a health care provider would be authorized to access the medical records of another employee of the Department. (C) Steps that the Secretary will take to acquire new or implement existing tech-nology to prevent an employee of the De-partment from accessing the medical records of another employee of the Department with-out a specific need to access such records. (D) Steps the Secretary will take, includ-ing plans to issue new regulations, as nec-essary, to ensure that an employee of the De-partment may not access the medical records of another employee of the Depart-ment for the purpose of retrieving demo-graphic information if that demographic in-formation is available to the employee in an-other location or through another format. (E) A proposed timetable for the imple-mentation of such plan. (F) An estimate of the costs associated with implementing such plan. (b) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 202. OUTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF MEN-TAL HEALTH SERVICES AVAILABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a program of outreach to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-form those employees of any mental health services, including telemedicine options, that are available to them. 
SEC. 203. PROTOCOLS TO ADDRESS THREATS AGAINST EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure protocols are in effect to address threats from individuals receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs directed towards employees of the De-partment who are providing such health care. 
SEC. 204. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES STUDY ON AC-COUNTABILITY OF CHIEFS OF PO-LICE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess the re-porting, staffing, accountability, and chain of command structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs police officers at medical centers of the Department. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 585, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 585, the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017. This bill addresses problems that were exposed in the tragic case of whis-tleblower retaliation at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick was a doctor employed on a probationary basis by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.003 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8000 October 12, 2017 
Veterans Affairs, who committed sui-cide hours after he was fired for ques-tioning overmedication of the veterans he cared for. This bill would, for the first time, create minimum disciplinary standards to require that managers who retaliate against whistleblowers are punished. First offenders would receive at least 3 days of suspension, and repeat offend-ers would face mandatory termination. The Kirkpatrick Act also adds whis-tleblower protections to Federal em-ployees hired on a probationary basis, like Dr. Kirkpatrick. Agencies will be required to grant priority to requests for transfer from probationary period whistleblowers. The bill would create a number of other whistleblower protections, many of which are overdue. For example, ac-cessing the medical file of a whistle-blower for the purpose of retaliation would be declared a prohibited per-sonnel action. The Department of Vet-erans Affairs would also be required to devise a plan to prevent that sort of unauthorized medical file access. The bill also requires apparent sui-cides by whistleblowers to be referred to the Office of Special Counsel for fur-ther investigation. Agencies would be required to initiate training programs for supervisors and information disclo-sures for employees regarding whistle-blower protection. The Senate passed this bill by voice vote earlier this year, and passage through the House would send the bill to the President’s desk for signature and enactment. I urge my colleagues to support this bill to honor the memory of Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick and to protect future whis-tleblowers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee, the committee with oversight jurisdiction over Federal workers and agencies, I am one of the staunchest supporters of whistleblower protections in the Congress. I strongly support enhancing protections for the brave men and women who put their careers on the line to speak out against waste, fraud, and abuse. I fully support the intent of S. 585 to protect whistleblowers who face inves-tigations in retaliation for their disclo-sures. But I am disappointed that the Republican leadership chose not to consider this measure under regular order. House Republicans rushed this legis-lation directly to the floor, bypassing any consideration by the Oversight Committee or the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, which have jurisdiction over the bill. It is especially dis-appointing that my committee was not given the opportunity to address con-stitutional and privacy concerns raised by the Trump administration’s Office of Personnel Management about the bill. That is what I said: the Trump ad-ministration’s concerns about it. It is even more disheartening that the Rules Committee issued a closed rule for this bill. They blocked all three germane amendments that I sub-mitted, including an amendment to fix the problems identified by the OPM. The measure before us today would change the procedures for disciplining Federal supervisors who retaliate against employees who blow the whis-tle. It would require agency heads to impose suspensions of at least 3 days for a first offense, and termination for a second offense whenever an agency head, administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, a Federal judge, or an inspector general finds that a supervisor retaliated against an employee who blew the whistle. It also would reduce the length of the notice requirement for proposed dis-ciplinary action from 30 days to 14 days. It would eliminate the option to hold a hearing if a supervisor contests a proposed disciplinary action. It would change the current burden of proof for demonstrating retaliation from a pre-ponderance of the evidence to require agency heads to impose disciplinary action in any case in which a super-visor does not furnish evidence or if the head of the agency determines that such evidence is not sufficient to re-verse the proposed action. The bill also would require an agency head, when an employee may have committed suicide, to refer any infor-mation to the Office of Special Counsel indicating that the employee had blown the whistle and that the agency took personnel action against the em-ployee. The OPM has questioned whether some of the provisions in the bill would withstand constitutional scrutiny if challenged in court, and I agree with the OPM on that issue. For example, the OPM explained that the bill’s requirement to propose min-imum penalties of 3 days’ suspension for the first offense and termination for second offenses could violate due process protections. These protections require agencies to notify employees of factors they will consider regarding proposed penalties for findings of wrongdoing and to provide employees with meaningful opportunities to re-spond. The United States Supreme Court and Federal Circuit Courts have ruled that Federal employees are enti-tled to these protections. After all, they are Americans. But according to the OPM, the bill would eliminate agency consideration of many of the 12 factors that were set force by the Merit Systems Protection Board in Douglas v. Veterans Adminis-tration in 1981. The Board uses these so-called Douglas factors to assess the reasonableness of penalties, and agency officials who propose or decide adverse actions against employees must con-currently consider these factors. Concerns have also been raised that by reducing the current requirement for 30 days’ notice of adverse action to 14 days, lowering the existing burden of proof, and eliminating the option for hearings, the bill could be challenged on the basis that it does not give super-visors sufficiently meaningful opportu-nities to respond to accusations of re-taliation. In addition, although the intent of the bill is to enhance protections for whistleblowers, there is some concern that it would be misused to harm whis-tleblowers. For example, an agency head could utilize the bill’s abbreviated disciplinary processes in bad faith to retaliate against supervisors who blow the whistle on high-level waste, fraud, or abuse. Lastly, the provision requiring agen-cy heads to refer information to the Of-fice of Special Counsel regarding em-ployees who may have committed sui-cide raises important privacy ques-tions. The bill does not include any provision requiring agencies to obtain permission from family members be-fore sharing information about an em-ployee’s death. It is unfortunate that the House has failed to take the oppor-tunity to fix these flaws in this meas-ure. The second amendment that I pre-sented would have protected the pri-vacy interests of employees who com-mit suicide by requiring written per-mission from their next of kin before agency heads disclose the details about the death. And another amendment that I sub-mitted would have made corrections in the underlying bill to ensure that man-agers who violate whistleblower rights will be held accountable, while safe-guarding due process rights. Finally, the third amendment was the text of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 702, the Federal Employee Anti-Discrimi-nation Act of 2017, which passed the House by a voice vote under suspension of the rules earlier in this Congress, and also passed the House by a vote of 403–0 in the last Congress. This amendment would have ex-panded the protections for employees who suffer retaliation and discrimina-tion. It also would have prohibited the use of nondisclosure agreements to pre-vent employees from disclosing waste, fraud, or abuse to Congress, to the Of-fice of Special Counsel, and inspector generals. I expect the bill, as it now stands, to engender substantial litigation that may have to be addressed by the courts. It would, indeed, be unfortu-nate if that litigation resulted in over-turning disciplinary action against an employee who retaliated against a whistleblower, when we could have acted today to address the constitu-tional concerns. As I said before the Rules Com-mittee, sometimes I think we can get so caught up in our partisan battles, that even when we come with good sug-gestions as to how to make a piece of legislation better and more effective and certainly come within the bounds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.038 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8001 October 12, 2017 
of the Constitution, we are blinded by what we see; and that is this battle be-tween Republicans and Democrats, Mr. Speaker, and we don’t come up, some-times with the very best product. But even with all that, because I am so concerned about whistleblowers, I plan to vote for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Dr. Chris Kirk-patrick Whistleblower Protection Act, which will enhance whistleblower pro-tections for employees at the VA and lead to better care for our Nation’s vet-erans. This bill is named in honor of Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick, a Wisconsinite, who tragically took his own life after being fired from the Tomah VA Medical Cen-ter in my congressional district in Tomah, Wisconsin. Dr. Kirkpatrick was a clinical psy-chologist who specialized in treating some of the toughest and most pressing issues our veterans face today: PTSD, substance abuse, and chronic pain. During his time at Tomah, Dr. Kirk-patrick noticed a disturbing trend of overprescribing of opioids to patients. b1330 Dr. Kirkpatrick had the courage to blow the whistle to his superiors about what he rightly saw as dangerous pain management practices at the time. Sadly, the overprescribing issues that Dr. Kirkpatrick tried to warn about continued to occur at Tomah VA. In 2015, a Wisconsin veteran named Jason Simcakoski tragically lost his life at the facility due to the dangerous pain management practices at the Tomah VA. Last year, I worked with the Simcakoski family to pass the bi-partisan Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act to improve pain management prac-tices at the VA so that no other vet-erans and their families have to go through what the Simcakoski family had to. Although Dr. Kirkpatrick is no longer with us today, his dedication to serving veterans and his courage to stand up for what was right is why we are here today. This act will ensure that no one is retaliated against for coming forward with concerns about waste, fraud, abuse, and malpractice at the VA. The bill offers a number of new protections for whistleblowers and will help ensure that supervisors found guilty of retaliation are held respon-sible for their actions. Dr. Kirkpatrick was dedicated to im-proving lives and serving our Nation’s veterans. The bill before us today will honor the memory of Dr. Kirkpatrick by helping to make sure no one has to go through what he did. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. DEFAZIO), the ranking mem-ber of the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee and one who has been a staunch supporter of whistle-blowers. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I would agree with many of the gentleman’s concerns and comments regarding the lack of a real legislative process here. The bill could be better. But nonethe-less, like the ranking member, I will be supporting the legislation despite those concerns because it is absolutely ur-gent. I have a totally dysfunctional man-agement at the VA hospital in Roseburg, Oregon. A number of years ago, a whistleblower came to me and said that substandard care was being provided. We asked the Office of In-spector General to look into it. They whitewashed it, and then it came out in the Senate testimony that the Office of Special Counsel had found that this doctor had been penalized as a whistle-blower because he was pointing to sub-standard care. I asked for another investigation and ultimately found, yes, indeed, sub-standard care was being provided by the head surgeon. He was suspended from his duties but is still the head surgeon. Now he has run another very accomplished doctor, under very dubi-ous circumstances, out of my Eugene clinic. This is a surgeon who served 29 years, honorably, in the military, 10 years at my regional hospital with rave reviews, and, after 30 days at my new VA clinic in Eugene, was dismissed in the most unusual way with no allega-tions put forward. Mr. Speaker, again, it seems that we are having issues here when the quality is substandard that this one person is able to basically just get rid of the folks who are raising concerns about the care of veterans. Again, this shouldn’t happen. Mr. Speaker, I include in the record two letters regarding the dismissed doctor. 
OCTOBER 17, 2017. D
EARMR. DEFAZIO: I am a contracted phy-sician in the emergency department at the Roseburg VA. I have been working at this fa-cility since 2010. During that time I have truly enjoyed providing care for the vet-erans. However, I have significant concerns regarding the administration and inefficien-cies in healthcare, in the VA system. Unfor-tunately, it seems that advancement of ca-reers and the fluffing of numbers supersede patient care. Despite the build up of these concerns over the years, I have recently became aware of an action that compels me to go beyond the normal chain of command. One of the sur-geons working at the Eugene campus—still under the Roseburg administration—was fired recently under very concerning cir-cumstances. Dr. Scott Russi was working at the Eugene VA for less than 1 month when he was pushed out and fired. I know Dr. Russi from the private sector. In addition to working at the Roseburg VA, I have worked for the last ten years at Sacred Heart RiverBend—a trauma, stroke, and cardiac center—and one of the largest hospitals in the state. I worked alongside Dr. Russi for many years at RiverBend and I found him to be not only ex-tremely competent and hardworking, but al-ways very professional. I was sad to see him leave RiverBend, but I was encouraged that he would be working in the VA system as I felt he would significantly improve the qual-ity of care for the veterans. I find it very disheartening that a group of administrative physicians, who rarely prac-tice medicine, are able to strike down such a promising figure simply because they seem to have felt threatened by him. I know there are many people who are upset by this firing and who have concerns about this system in general. I have tried many times to discuss my concerns with people in the administra-tion and have been met with, at best, excuses and, at worst, threats. It is clear to me as somewhat of an outsider and observer (as I am not actually a VA employee) that physi-cians who are dedicated to patient care and most skilled are threatening to the adminis-tration. These physicians are often ostra-cized and pushed out—and when they can’t be pushed out, false rumors are spread about them. I have considered stepping away from the VA system due to these continuing frus-trations. It is disheartening to see these vet-erans treated with such carelessness. How-ever, I feel that someone has to stay and ac-tually care for them, but, if I stay, I also want to try to make the system a better place for them. For many, this is their only health care. I wish this was as exaggerated as it may sound, but unfortunately this is only a small piece of a huge problem. If you are interested in more details, I am more than happy to discuss this further. In general, I keep my head down and do what I think is best, but this presents itself as a moment when speak-ing out is necessary and right. Thank you, CHARLOTTE RANSOM , MD. 
CONGRESSMAN DEFAZIO: I am writing to ask for your help. I am a surgeon and a veteran having attended the Usafa and graduating in 1984, completing medical school on Hpsp scholarship and spending the next 29 years on active duty. I deployed four times as a combat surgeon and once as a hospital com-mander, my last deployment in 2012 was as the Dccs of Craig Joint Theater Hospital, Bagram Ab, Afghanistan. I retired in October of 2013 and settled in Oregon as a trauma sur-geon eventually becoming the Trauma Med-ical Director at Riverbend. I was the on-call surgeon the tragic day Ucc suffered the ac-tive shooter event. I recently left my civil-ian practice to serve our Veterans, for rea-sons I think you would understand; I have seen the care my comrades have been given and found it wanting, and serving my Vets is therapeutic for my Ptsd and the sorrow I carry for not being able to save more sol-diers. I am the new surgeon at the Va Eugene Hcc and have been working there part-time since January of this year and full time since 23 July. Today I was handed a sum-mary suspension of clinical privileges as a surgeon by the parent Va, Roseburg and Dr. Dinesh Ranjan the chief of surgery. I have been denied the opportunity to defend my reputation, denied the opportunity to stand before my peers, and denied any opportunity to see the allegations. And tonight, I have spoken with two Va physicians (Dr. Lisa Brandenburger and Dr. Philo Calhoun) whose lives were dedicated to serving Veterans but were irreparably damaged by Dr. Ranjan. I am now being targeted by Dr. Ranjan be-cause he recruited me with the promise of a salary of $385,000, I signed a contract for that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.039 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8002 October 12, 2017 
amount but I am being paid $280,000. Because I expressed to the Eugene Hcc administrator I felt I was misled about the salary, Dr. Ranjan has gone after my clinical privileges, had them summarily dismissed and placed me at risk of being reported to the National Practitioner Data Bank (Npdb). I have been suspended from patient contact for 30 days for an investigation. If the investigation finds me deficient, I will be reported to the Npdb. If the investigation extends beyond 30 days, I will be reported to the Npdb. If I am fired or quit my job, I will be reported to the Npdb. If I am reported to the Npdb I will never work again as a surgeon. I know it all sounds unbelievable, I think it is unbelievable as I try and wrap my head around the events of these last few days. I ask you not to send a congressional inquiry to Mr. Paxton, as that would make my life worse. What I thought would be my dream job, now has become a nightmare. Respectfully, S
COTT RUSSI. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, since this has come out, I have had dozens of calls from nurses and doctors and other workers in the VA system in my re-gion—in Eugene, Springfield, and southern Oregon, down to Roseburg, at those two facilities—because of this mismanagement. They say that the care is not up to standards, just like this particular physician was not pro-viding modern care when he did colonoscopies. We need—vitally need—this legisla-tion and the strongest protection for whistleblowers. This isn’t about pro-tecting bad managers. It is about pro-moting qualified and keeping qualified employees, which we are having a hard time doing in my area. It is about pro-viding the best care to our veterans, and that isn’t going to happen if people can be intimidated or just shown the door when they raise concerns. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for yielding me time to speak about this important legislation to protect whistleblowers. Mr. Speaker, I share the concerns that were brought up yesterday in the Rules Committee and today on the floor about the procedure for bringing this bill to the floor without full House committee process. However, I will support the bill because it is so impor-tant. The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistle-blower Protection Act will provide pro-tection for employees at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs who blow the whistle on wrongdoing in the agency. As the ranking member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, I know full well that whistleblowers are vital to the VA to protect the health and well-being of the men and women who have so bravely served our country. Al-though we have numerous protections currently in place for whistleblowers, those who are committed to silencing them still manage to find ways to re-taliate, which we saw with tragic con-sequences at the Phoenix VA Health Care System and in Dr. Kirkpatrick’s case. In addition to serving on the House Veterans Affairs’ Committee, my role as the founder and co-chair of the Bi-partisan Heroin Task Force makes VA’s retaliation against another VA doctor, Dr. Kirkpatrick, an especially troublesome tragedy. When he tried to raise the alarm over concerns that an-other VA doctor was overprescribing opioids that may have led to patient deaths, he was aware that doing so could be harmful to his own position at the Tomah VA Medical Center. Dr. Kirkpatrick’s action was laud-able. Veterans have been acutely im-pacted by the opioid epidemic, and his efforts to reduce prescription rates for veterans is not only a good example for VA physicians, but for all physicians in the U.S. today. Title II of this bill puts in place a number of requirements for the VA to protect VA employees from several re-taliatory measures. It requires the Sec-retary to put in place a plan to prevent unauthorized access to medical records of VA employees, along with outreach to ensure that VA employees are aware of mental health services available to them. These and other improvements in title II will not only help prevent the type of retaliation that Dr. Kirk-patrick suffered, they will improve care for veterans to also help make the VA a better place to work. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I close, I take the opportunity to reiterate that I strongly support the objectives of S. 585. If there is anything that we agree on in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, it is that we must protect whistleblowers. Many of the investigations that we have conducted have been as a result of somebody who saw something and said something. Like Dr. Kirkpatrick, I am sure, in most of those instances, it was very difficult for them because they, on the one hand, wanted to improve a sit-uation or address a problem, but at the same time, they knew that it was pos-sible that they, themselves, might be harmed and their families might be harmed. So they make a very, very dif-ficult choice, a very difficult choice. I am horrified that Dr. Kirkpatrick was so agonized by the treatment he endured at the Veterans Administra-tion that he saw no options for himself. In other words, Mr. Speaker, he saw no way out. I worry that there are civil servants today who are enduring that same agony. But we say to them that we will pro-tect you with all we have got, and that is why I appreciate Senator J
OHNSON ’s work on S. 585, and I share his commit-ment to protecting whistleblowers. For that reason, as I said earlier, I will vote in favor of this legislation. That said, I wish that the Republican leadership had taken the opportunities that my amendments provided to im-prove this bill. These issues of equal protection are nothing to play with be-cause we begin to chip away and chip away and chip away at employees’ rights, and the next you know, those rights begin to disappear. Those are the kind of rights that are a part and the fabric of this thing we call a de-mocracy. I think we have to be very, very, very careful. It is going to be in-teresting to see what the courts have to say about this legislation. My amendments would have ad-dressed the constitutional concerns raised by OPM—and I emphasize OPM. This was not the Obama OPM. This was the Trump OPM. My amendments would also have pro-tected the privacy of employees who take their own lives. My amendments would have added to the underlying bill additional protec-tions for employees who suffer retalia-tion or discrimination, protections that the House has already approved. I believe this is a missed opportunity and it is sad. I truly hope that future litigation does not undo the advances that this bill seeks to make in the pro-tections provided for the courageous men and women willing to blow the whistle on wrongdoing. In this day and age, we need the whistleblower more now than we have ever needed them. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members to support this bill to protect some of the boldest, most courageous people in our Nation, the whistleblowers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 585 the Dr. Chris Kirk-patrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017. As Chairman of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, protecting whistleblowers at VA is of paramount concern to ensure that we provide high quality healthcare and benefits to our na-tion’s veterans. This bill authored by Senator JOHNSON of Wisconsin was named in honor of Dr. Chris-topher Kirkpatrick, a former VA doctor who served our veterans at the Tomah, WI medical center. Many of us know that the Tomah VA medical center has been a facility plagued with the overprescribing of opioids to our vet-erans. Dr. Kirkpatrick was a brave patriot who blew the whistle on these over prescriptions and the harm that was being done to vet-erans, however, instead of commending him for coming forward, VA fired him on trumped up charges, which ultimately led to him taking his own life. In my opinion, the corrosive culture within this facility and VA’s actions toward Dr. Kirk-patrick left a chilling effect not only in Tomah, but across the Department. I believe that these actions made whistleblowers feel ques-tioned and worried that they would be pun-ished instead of being lauded and encouraged to come forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.010 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8003 October 12, 2017 
It is because of brave whistleblowers like Dr. Kirkpatrick that my Committee has been able to expose issues and scandals across the VA. It is because of whistleblowers that we were able to uncover the manipulation of wait times at the Phoenix Medical Center; the fal-sifying of records in the Philadelphia Regional Office; the fact that a VA employee partici-pated in an armed robbery in Puerto Rico and stayed on the job following their arrest; and many more egregious behaviors at the Depart-ment that put veterans in harm’s way. I have confidence that Secretary Shulkin is committed to protecting whistleblowers, so that we never again lose another talented doctor, like Dr. Kirkpatrick. The best way to help him in this mission is to send a clear message to all VA employees, at every level in the Depart-ment, and within every level of management, that there are stiff penalties for those who re-taliate against the men and women who are brave enough to come forward and protect veterans. S. 585 builds off of our work this Congress that started with the passage of the bill I championed, the VA Accountability and Whis-tleblower Protection Act of 2017, which pro-vides the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the tools he needs to hold poor employees ac-countable. I am pleased that the bill before us today would make needed changes to our out-dated civil service laws for all Federal Govern-ment employees, which have become so ar-chaic and complex that they tend to put the rights of retaliators above the rights of whistle-blowers. The bill before us would also provide need-ed reforms to information regarding VA em-ployees who die by suicide, additional pen-alties for accessing a veteran’s medical record, and other needed provisions to ensure that we put the needs of whistleblowers and veterans first. I appreciate Senator J
OHNSON and Rep-resentative D
UFFY for their work on this impor-tant bill and I encourage all of my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, today, Congress will have an opportunity to vote on legislation that will bolster protections for whistleblowing patriots, while vastly improving care for vet-erans at the VA. The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Pro-tection Act is the product of hundreds of hours of Congressional hearings, meetings with stakeholders, and hard work by dozens of law-makers here in Washington, to make sure that the tragic abuse that Dr. Kirkpatrick faced will never happen again. As some of you may know, Dr. Chris Kirk-patrick was a clinical psychologist at the VA in Tomah, WI. He was a veteran, a graduate of Northwestern University, and a caring indi-vidual who dedicated his career to providing innovative treatments for veterans suffering from PTSD. Most notably, he created a yoga program to help vets at the VA in Chicago. He was known to be very well-liked by the pa-tients he served. In 2009, Dr. Kirkpatrick expressed concerns that his patients were being heavily overmedi-cated. It became so bad, he said, that he was unable to properly do his job. He wanted to do what was right for veterans, and as a veteran himself, he couldn’t stand to see how careless some of the VA staff were being with high lev-els of dangerous medications. Unfortunately, instead of looking into Dr. Kirkpatrick’s claims, the facility’s chief of staff told him to mind his own business, and to in-stead focus on his own work. Shortly there-after, Dr. Kirkpatrick was called to a discipli-nary meeting and given a written reprimand. This type of retaliation went on for months. Then, in July, Dr. Kirkpatrick complained again that a dangerous veteran had not been properly discharged, despite recommendations from a treatment team. A week after making the complaint, Dr. Kirkpatrick was fired from the VA. He was devastated. He begged for an op-portunity to stay, and expressed concerns that he had been given too many complex cases, and that the emotional toll was too high. Again, his concerns were ignored. That night, Dr. Kirkpatrick wrote a note to his girlfriend in Chicago, another to the kennel he wanted to take care of his dog, and one final note for the mailman. It read: ‘‘Please call 911—tell them to go to red barn building.’’ He had taken his own life. He was 38 years old. Dr. Kirkpatrick’s death was the product of a broken system—a system that encourages re-taliation against whistleblowers, while ignoring the underlying causes of their concerns. If Dr. Kirkpatrick’s death wasn’t tragic enough, a subsequent investigation at the VA found that a patient had died from ‘‘mixed drug toxicity’’, and that Dr. Kirkpatrick’s con-cerns were completely warranted. Not only did whistleblower retaliation cost Dr. Kirkpatrick his life, it cost the life of a pa-tient as well. That’s why I urge you all to vote yes on the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act. A yes vote means that VA personnel will no longer be able to access a whistleblower’s medical records as means of discrediting them, which a separate investigation found happens far too often. A yes vote means that federal agencies have to notify the Office of Special Counsel when a suicide takes place. A yes means clear disciplinary actions for supervisors who retaliate against whistle-blowers, training for supervisors on how to properly respond, and a requirement that em-ployees are made aware of the mental health services at their disposal. A yes vote also means keeping upholding normal burdens of proof to strengthen protec-tions for employees. This legislation calls for the Inspector General, Office of Special Coun-sel, or a Merit Systems Protection Board Ad-ministrative Judge to ‘‘determine’’ that a super-visor has committed a prohibited personnel action, meaning through the normal prepon-derance of the evidence for any other discipli-nary action under Chapter 75 of title 5. This does not mean some arbitrary process for some bureaucrat to create later on. I want to be clear: this legislation strength-ens protections for patriots—for those who are trying to do the right thing. For those who care about veterans and their safety. And for folks like Dr. Kirkpatrick, so that no one ever has to go through what he went through. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 562, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. O’Halleran moves to recommit the bill S. 585 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of title I the bill, add the fol-lowing new section: 
SEC. ll. DISCLOSURE OF VIOLATIONS RELAT-ING TO AIR TRANSPORTATION. 
This Act, and any amendments made by this Act, shall apply to any employee who makes a protected disclosure of information relating to a violation by the head of an agency, or other political appointee, of any law, rule, or regulation concerning travel, including the improper use of air transpor-tation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, increasing account-ability and transparency across our government is a shared principle we can all agree on among this body. Whether at the VA or other Federal agencies, the American people deserve to know that Federal officials from the top down are being held to the stand-ards we expect of them. We owe it to our veterans, to our sen-iors, and to the hardworking American taxpayers to ensure that their tax dol-lars are utilized appropriately and effi-ciently, as intended. Waste, fraud, and abuse, have no place at our agencies, and those who help uncover it deserve our admiration and our protection. I am proud that we are coming to-gether to increase protections for whis-tleblowers of Federal agencies, a long overdue effort. But, Mr. Speaker, in light of recent reports and events that have revealed a disturbing pattern of improper use of tax dollars on air trav-el by senior Federal officials, I believe we must go further. The reports of Cabinet officials abus-ing the rules for air travel that applied to them are not isolated. Not one, not two, not three, but at least four Cabi-net officials are facing scrutiny for ir-regular and irresponsible use of agency resources for official and nonofficial air travel. In light of Secretary Price’s recent resignation, it is clear that Con-gress must conduct greater oversight. b1345 That is why I am offering this final amendment on the underlying bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.005 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8004 October 12, 2017 
My amendment simply extends whis-tleblower protections that are created under the bill to Federal employees who disclose information about travel, including improper use of aircraft. Not only would this make clear to agencies that any violation of laws, rules, or regulations concerning travel or government aircraft is unaccept-able, it will also ensure those who come forward to expose any wrong-doing will have appropriate protection from retaliation. Regardless of party, those who serve the American public must be held to the highest ethical standards. Our abil-ity to hold government officials ac-countable to taxpayers is a hallmark of our democracy, and we must work to uphold that principle. The resources in-vested to agencies to fulfill their mis-sions of serving Americans should not be abused or frivolously flaunted for personal gain or convenience. This is not about Republicans or Democrats. We must come together to stand up for accountability and trans-parency. The moment we begin treat-ing disregard for the rules by our elect-ed and appointed officials as partisan politics, we risk ceding the very values that make our democracy great and unique in the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting my commonsense amendment on behalf of American tax-payers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Iowa is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to recommit. This bill addresses critical flaws in how the Federal Government addresses whistleblower retaliation. The consequences for whistleblower retaliation are very real. There is a chilling effect of whistleblower reports or unjust termination. In some cases, like that of Dr. Kirkpatrick in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, the con-sequences are literally life and death. We have the opportunity to send this bill to the President for a signature today and fix this now. Why wait? And at what cost to Federal employees, vet-erans, and taxpayers? I support the gentleman from Mary-land’s effort to pass this provision which I previously cosponsored myself, but let’s not let one good bill get in the way of another. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the motion to recommit and support the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 48 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1355 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 1 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amend-ment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Langevin moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2810 be instructed as follows: (1) To disagree with subsection (c) of sec-tion 336 of the Senate amendment. (2) To recede from section 1064 of the House bill. (3) To disagree with section 1087 of the Sen-ate amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Army has a surplus of pistols. The M–1911 A–1, a .45-caliber pistol—the Armed Forces standard issue sidearm for more than 50 years— was replaced in the 1980s by a newer model. Since then the Army has accumu-lated stores of surplus M–1911 pistols which are housed at taxpayer expense in Alabama. There is no national security reason to keep these pistols. The Army stopped issuing them 30 years ago, yet the Army has been prevented from dis-posing of them due to parochial inter-ests tied to the Civilian Marksmanship Program, or CMP. The CMP’s proponents basically want to transfer the pistols to a private cor-poration so that it can sell them. Do we want this to happen? We have the opportunity in this year’s NDAA to stop this transfer of tens of thousands of M–1911 A–1 pistols which constitutes a multimillion-dollar government give-away. It is also important to note that this would make our streets more dan-gerous at a time when gun violence is all too common. The CMP was established in 1903— just to put this in historical context— following the Spanish-American War when American militiamen dem-onstrated distressingly poor marks-manship. At that time, our Nation needed a better trained and organized militia, and the CMP helped the gov-ernment build a broader base of able citizen-soldiers. Now, the program was an important component of our national defense back then. But today, Mr. Speaker, over a century later, we have a profes-sional military and many rifle clubs, and the CMP is, quite frankly, no longer needed. Congress clearly under-stood this when it privatized the CMP in 1996. Now, as an initial capital investment at a time when earmarks were still common, Congress provided the newly chartered corporation with a stock of rifles, ammunition, and other spare parts. The CMP could sell the surplus equipment—mostly M1 Garand rifles— in order to fund its activities until it became self-sufficient. b1400 However, it was never Congress’ in-tent to equip the CMP with handguns, or it would have provided the corpora-tion with surplus M–1911–A1 .45-caliber pistols at that time. Now, more than two decades later, the CMP is running out of rifles to sell. The reality is that it is in dire finan-cial straits as, more than 20 years later, the program is still reliant on rifle sales to support its activities. So, Mr. Speaker, it is clearly not the taxpayers’ responsibility to bail out the CMP. To do so would be an unprec-edented government handout at a time when earmarks have been banned for years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.044 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8005 October 12, 2017 
So what makes this program so spe-cial? There is nothing. Beyond this, it would flood our streets with handguns—the guns that are most often used by criminals. I be-lieve this would be extremely dan-gerous when, more than 2 years ago, the first attempt was made to effec-tuate this earmark, I heard the argu-ment that storing surplus pistols, as the Army is now doing, is a waste of government funds. Well, I agree. How-ever, a handout is not the answer. There is no national security reason to put these guns on our streets. In fact, an increase in the number of handguns will only result potentially in more violence. So, Mr. Speaker, we should allow the Army to dispose of these pistols by melting them down, as it plans to do with other surplus arms. Senate language in the NDAA ex-empts M–1911–A1 pistols from Army disposal, but I urge my colleagues to support the motion to instruct the con-ferees to reject this exemption. There is no reason to store these pistols. There is no reason to flood our streets with them. There is no reason to give an earmark, again, to a private cor-poration. They should be melted down and repurchased for other military uses, which is exactly what this motion supports. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise against the mo-tion to instruct. I believe this is the first motion to instruct that the House has voted on so far this year and this Congress, so not all Members may not realize that, as the House and the Sen-ate are about to go to conference com-mittee to work out differences in the House and Senate versions of whatever bill they are focused on, procedurally it is possible to have a motion to instruct conferees, such as the gentleman from Rhode Island has offered. That motion is not binding on the conferees, but it is an attempt to have a vote on an issue that a Member or group of Members think is important or that they can make a point upon. The subject of this motion to in-struct is the disposal of excess weap-ons, as the gentleman from Rhode Is-land mentioned. I would just say, Mr. Speaker, I know of no evidence that—as the government has over the years disposed of these weapons, there is no evidence that any of them have been improperly used. They must be disposed of fully con-sistent with the law, and that includes background checks and the rest, and the proceeds support safety programs, which I would suspect that all of us think is a worthwhile endeavor. I would also say, Mr. Speaker, the House has regularly expressed its opin-ion and its will with amendment votes both on the floor and in committee over the years. We have voted on this program a number of times and it has consistently been the will of the House that this program should continue. As a matter of fact, in this year’s bill, we had a vote in committee and the amendment to provide for this program was adopted. So, to me, Mr. Speaker, the most im-portant point to make is this: the bill before us is one that helps this Con-gress fulfill the first responsibilities of the Federal Government, and that is to defend our citizens. It also provides the support that the men and women who serve our Nation in the military must have if they are to carry out the missions to which they are assigned. That is the purpose of this bill, that is the focus of this bill: to defend the country and to support our troops. That will continue to be the focus as the House and Senate move into con-ference. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I cer-tainly have great respect for the chair-man and his leadership of the Armed Services Committee. No one questions his commitment to defending the Na-tion in support of our military, but we don’t need to support earmarks to a private corporation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against provisions in the House and the Senate National Defense Authorization Act that would allow the transfer of all surplus pistols to the Civilian Marksmanship Program—or CMP—for sale to the public. Allowing the transfer of this large volume of guns for sale to the public moves the CMP into the retail gun market and away from its statutorily mandated functions. This is a program meant to instruct citizens in marks-manship and promote safety in the use of firearms, not to deal firearms. The Army has opposed such provi-sions in the past, and I am here to op-pose any NDAA provisions that would allow the transfer of any surplus Army firearms to the CMP. I join my colleague, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , in calling for all surplus firearms to be melted down and not distributed to the public. There are over 300 million guns in America, nearly one for every citizen. We have lost way too many lives to gun violence. The Department of Defense should not participate in freely distributing their guns onto our streets. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OG-
ERS). Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, the Civilian Marksmanship Pro-gram is an organization that was es-tablished initially by this Congress be-cause we needed institutions to help people better understand gun safety and how to handle weapons. It has ful-filled a vital mission. Fortunately, in recent years, we have been able to not have to fund it any-more by being able to self-fund through the refurbishment and sale of surplus weapons. It has been their mission for a cen-tury. These 1911s are surplus pistols that were used up until the early nine-ties by our military. Since that time, statutorily, they were made available to law enforcement and allied coun-tries. As you might imagine, most law en-forcement and allied countries would rather have new, modern weapons, rather than surplus. So we have ap-proximately 100,000 of these weapons in storage at the Anniston Army Depot in my district. It costs us in the neighbor-hood of $50,000 or $60,000 a year in di-rect cost to store these weapons. What the Armed Services Committee and this Congress in preceding NDAAs has repeatedly done has been to in-struct the Department of the Army to start turning those over to the Civilian Marksmanship Program at 10,000 a year until the full 100,000 has been eliminated from our storage. The CMP—the Civilian Marksman-ship Program—takes those weapons as they get them, completely refurbishes them, and then sells them to collec-tors. These are not weapons that wind up on the streets. They generally cost between $800 and $1,000, and they are sold to collectors. To be able to buy one, you have to go through the same background check as any other buyer. But not just anybody can buy these. You have to either be in law enforcement, the military, or an active member of a gun club. These are not a danger to the public. In fact, this whole process of taking this money, the CMP then sells the weapons and it goes into their trust fund to allow them to continue to train Americans in gun safety, is a vital mis-sion that we should be supporting. This Congress has repeatedly supported it over the years. It is my hope that the full body will reject this motion by my friend and colleague, Mr. LANGEVIN . It has been defeated repeatedly in the Armed Serv-ices Committee, and I hope it will be defeated again today. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I would just mention many wonderful or-ganizations around the country that would love to have earmarks, but we don’t do earmarks anymore. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to a provision in the NDAA authorizing the transfer of nearly 100,000 surplus military-grade firearms to the Civilian Marksmanship Program for sale to the public. This multimillion-dollar government handout to a private corporation is bad policy. It places more military-grade 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.047 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8006 October 12, 2017 
weapons on our streets and in our com-munities. The horrific violence on October 1 in Las Vegas, the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history, has for-ever altered the lives of hundreds of thousands of families related to those 22,000 victims that were there the day of the shooting. It is now more urgent than ever that we take meaningful action on passing gun safety measures. That should be our priority, yet here we are taking a step backwards. Instead of bringing legislation on the floor to ban the manufacture of bump stocks that allow semiautomatic rifles to fire hundreds of rounds per minute, instead of being on the floor to ban the sale of high-capacity magazines used to inflict widespread carnage, or instead of being on the floor to expand back-ground checks to all commercial gun sales so that felons and the seriously mentally ill and terrorists cannot ob-tain access to dangerous weapons, we are here debating a provision that in-creases a number of military weapons on our streets. I know we can uphold the Second Amendment while taking reasonable steps to reduce the toll of gun violence inflicted on our communities. Putting nearly 100,000 more military-grade fire-arms designed for Army use into our neighborhoods is not a reasonable step in the right direction. According to its text, the provision included in this bill mandates the im-mediate transfer of an unlimited num-ber of guns to the Civilian Marksman-ship Program for sale to the public. This program was originally created to instruct Americans in marksman-ship, promote firearms safety, and con-duct friendly shooting competitions in controlled environments. The NDAA provision we are speaking of today would turn this program into a mass firearms retailer, with the new mission to sell as many military-grade weapons to the public as possible. It de-fies logic and common sense. Gun vio-lence has become a public crisis. So I urge my colleagues to join to-gether and work across the aisle to de-crease the scope and devastation caused by tragic mass shootings. No community across America should be forced to experience the grief and trau-ma that my community and others like mine have gone through in these past few years. I ask all Members of Congress to sup-port the Democratic motion to instruct conferees to remove this dangerous provision from the NDAA. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Congress intended for the CMP to become self-sufficient after it was privatized in 1996. It was never meant to be the recipient of another multimillion-dollar government hand-out years later, especially not a hand-out of tens of thousands of pistols which then would be used immediately for sale to the public to fund its oper-ations. Again, perhaps one could argue that, when earmarks were around, they needed this to fund their operations. Again, there was a time when ear-marks were in existence. Earmarks are no longer regular order. They don’t exist anymore. They were done away with several years ago. Mr. Speaker, I think it is clear that I don’t hold with the need for the CMP to receive Federal support. On another note, I don’t often see eye to eye with the NRA, but I must agree with the statement on the NRA’s website that the Association is ‘‘the premier firearms education organiza-tion in the world.’’ b1415 Well, the NRA does not receive Fed-eral support from its education pro-grams, which are widely accessible, and in our professional military, the need for marksmanship training for national security purposes has evaporated. Even if we truly think the CMP is deserving of a government subsidy, Congress should do so through the appropria-tions process, not through a provision that is, quite frankly, again, an ear-mark. As my colleagues so well know, ear-marks were banned in the 112th Con-gress, yet the provisions at issue in the House-passed NDAA would transfer millions of dollars, ostensibly, in gov-ernment property to a corporation that is in the congressional district of the measure’s chief advocate. And while I have deep respect for my colleague, the government shouldn’t be engaged in this type of practice. The government has occasionally transferred surplus property to non-profit corporations for education or other purposes; however, it has never done so with the intent that the prop-erty be immediately sold, with the pro-ceeds going to the corporation’s bot-tom line. So if that isn’t an earmark, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what is. It is blatant subversion of congressional order, and it would set, I believe, a very dangerous precedent. I hope that my colleagues would join me in upholding the rules of the House and support the motion to instruct. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to highlight the danger of this transfer, potentially, to public safety. Injecting tens of thousands of new pistols onto our streets by providing them to the CMP, I believe, could be disastrous, as handguns are regularly used in crime. Now, in 2013, of the 6,498 homicides committed by a firearm for which the type of weapon was known, 89 percent were handgun related—89 percent. Only 4 percent were carried out using a rifle, the type of firearm the CMP has tradi-tionally sold. The qualities that made the M1911A1 .45-caliber pistol a fun sidearm is the fact that it is easily concealed, ex-tremely reliable, and packs quite a punch, all qualities that make it prized also among criminals. In fact, the De-partment of Justice has tracked 1,768 M1911A1s over the last decade due to their involvement in criminal activity. In a time when mass shootings have become all too common and 93 Ameri-cans are killed with guns every day, the last thing we need is more guns on our streets. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, the bill before us, overall, is a fine mark. I was proud to support it in committee, overall, be-cause it provides for our national de-fense. It supports key programs of the Department of Defense to make sure our warfighters have every advantage possible. We never want to send our warfighters into a fair fight, and this bill, overall, goes a long way toward ensuring for our national defense and provides great support for our men and women in uniform. Unfortunately, this CMP issue has been an unnecessary distraction. It is something I don’t believe belongs in the bill. I believe that and, again, I made the point that we have done away with earmarks, and so we shouldn’t be using an earmark and subverting con-gressional authority and will through the regular order process, through the appropriations process, to help to fund a private organization. Again, there are many, I am sure, meritorious organizations around the country that would love to have an earmark, but we don’t do them any-more, and we shouldn’t be doing a side-step here to give a private organization such an earmark. As I said, I have highlighted again the potential for guns to fall into the wrong hands. And although the owners of the weapons may be of good char-acter and those who purchased the guns, to fund, again, the operations of the CMP, a private organization, even if they have them in their home, if there is criminal activity that takes place, whether it is an act of violence or if the home is broken into and the weapon is stolen, which happens every day in America that a law-abiding cit-izen has a weapon that gets in the wrong hands, that weapon is then used in the crime. The more weapons out there, the more likely something like that could potentially happen. This is what we are trying to pre-vent. We want to do this in a respon-sible way. Again, we want to make sure that the guns don’t just wind up out in our streets, and we want to make sure that they are melted down like other surplus equipment. The Army surely does not need to store them any longer. We want to get rid of them. We want the Army to be able to do that, but they should be able to do what they do with other surplus equipment, and that is melt it down, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.048 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8007 October 12, 2017 
perhaps use that melted down material for making other weapons that the Army does need that are relevant at this time. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my col-leagues to oppose the language in the current NDAA. We should work to-gether and support my motion to in-struct so that, as we go to conference, we have clear direction from the House as to what the House believes we should do and not allow these weapons out in our communities. We shouldn’t be supporting earmarks. As I said, I know that the Senate pro-vision does in fact have a provision there that would allow these weapons to be melted down, and that is the way that we should go. I believe that we have an opportunity to make that statement right here. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH), the ranking member of the full House Armed Services Committee. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I just really want to support Mr. L
ANGEVIN for his leadership on this issue, something that we brought up in committee, and a program that really should be just discontinued, and I think the motion to instruct is per-fectly appropriate. It was a program that was originally created, and the reason that we were selling back firearms to the public from the U.S. military, the program was literally created because we were worried that there wouldn’t be enough people in our country that knew how to fire a weapon if we should need to draft them into a war. That is why the pro-gram was created. Obviously, for a whole bunch of rea-sons, that is no longer applicable. We have an all volunteer military. They are trained to shoot. They know how to shoot. We don’t need to train random folks with weapons from the military. Also, originally, the program was simply aimed at rifles; and now they have thrown in, I think it is, around 100,000 pistols that they want to sell back to the public, in general. And this company makes money, the taxpayers don’t, and we put 100,000 more weapons out on the streets. I think if there is one thing we should be able to agree on is that there is more than enough firepower out there amongst the public. We should not be taking military weapons and selling them back out into the public, and this motion, this amendment that Mr. L
ANGEVIN first brought up has a very simple solution. We will hold onto those weapons; we will melt them down. I think that is the appropriate response. We do not need to sell more firearms out there into the public. I think the gentleman from Rhode Is-land has done an outstanding job show-ing leadership on this issue. I urge us to adopt this motion to instruct, and I urge the conference committee to adopt this as part of the final National Defense Authorization Act that we ul-timately will pass. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The gentleman from Rhode Island has 11
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers other than myself, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rank-ing Member S
MITH for speaking on be-half of this motion to instruct. I deeply appreciate his leadership on the Armed Services Committee and his years of service, as I do, again, have deep re-spect for Chairman T
HORNBERRY and his leadership as chairman of the Armed Services Committee. Case in point, the NDAA this year, and as has been the case in past years, has been truly a bipartisan effort, and it’s one of the reasons I truly enjoy serving in the Armed Services Com-mittee is because of the bipartisan co-operation that is demonstrated when it comes to protecting our country, when it comes to providing for our national defense, especially supporting our men and women in uniform. It is a bipar-tisan effort. It is unfortunate that in this one particular case we have this difference of opinion. We are, again, a program that was initially intended to train marksmen years ago when we didn’t have a profes-sional military. Maybe it had merit and the organization was supported, but we have a professional military now, great marksmanship programs and training programs, as well as pri-vate organizations that do this. But it doesn’t require or need a government subsidy, and so it wouldn’t be appro-priate in this case any further to con-tinue to support this private organiza-tion, the CMP program with, osten-sibly, a earmark. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, today, we are considering a Na-tional Defense Authorization Act measure that would transfer thousands of military weapons to a civilian non-profit, the Civilian Marksmanship Pro-gram. These guns will then make their way into the public for purchase. The Army has recommended against this proposal. One of their concerns, not a surprise, is public safety. For us to go against the recommendations of our own military on this matter is, frankly, absurd. Every single day, our country—our country—experiences horrific gun violence, and the last thing we should be doing is going against the advice of our military and putting more guns onto American streets. Those who are in support of the measure claim that transferring these weapons to the Civilian Marksmanship Program will save the government the cost of storing these guns, but the amount of money to be saved to store some weapons is really negligible, and that small cost is nothing compared to the potential cost to human life by unleashing these handguns for the pub-lic to purchase. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to employ common sense here. Listen to the advice of our Army and support the motion to instruct. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for her comments and support of the motion to instruct. I also want to commend her and thank her for her leadership on the Armed Services Committee. Mr. Speaker, just to once again reit-erate, a priority of the overall NDAA that we worked on in a bipartisan, col-laborative way, this one sticking point is this provision in the NDAA that, again, amounts to an earmark, and it could potentially put tens of thousands of additional weapons on our streets that could wind up in the wrong hands. It is an unnecessary step. b1430 Again, when the CMP was first cre-ated, it had a legitimate purpose. That purpose is no longer needed, per se, for the military in terms of marksmanship training. There are other organizations out there that do that, but we also have the professional military. Mr. Speaker, in closing, the provi-sions in the House-passed NDAA would give a multimillion-dollar handout in the form of .45-caliber pistols to the Ci-vilian Marksmanship Program. It is an unnecessary and unwise use of tax-payer property that would potentially make our streets less safe. My motion will instruct our House conferees to reject this earmark and allow the Army to melt down and re-purpose its surplus firearms, as it does with other firearms or surplus equip-ment. Congress needs to find solutions to the endemic gun violence that is plagu-ing our Nation right now. We saw, it seems, time after time, multiple inci-dents where firearms get into the wrong hands and are misused, causing loss of life and sometimes, unfortu-nately, sadly, in significant numbers, just as we saw, as Ms. R
OSEN men-tioned, with the terrible shooting in Las Vegas: 58 people lost their lives and hundreds more were injured. It was a terrible tragedy for Nevada, for those who lost their lives, and for those who were injured; and, really, it was a trag-edy once again that has plagued and af-fected our country. It has to stop. We should not be add-ing to the problem by injecting tens of thousands of handguns onto our streets. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will support the motion to instruct, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.049 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8008 October 12, 2017 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to express my appreciation to the gentleman from Rhode Island. As he said, we make every effort to ensure that the support for the men and women who serve in the military is on a bipartisan basis. The gentleman from Rhode Island is a key leader on a number of those issues, whether it is cyber, directed energy, and a host of others. I appreciate all of the Members on both sides of the aisle who have spo-ken. That bipartisan support is what helped lead us to pass the House version of this bill by the biggest ma-jority in 8 years. That does not mean we agree on everything, obviously, but when it comes to supporting the mili-tary, their interests are first, and I think we need to keep it that way. The subject of this motion to in-struct is a long-running program de-signed to support safety programs. While we have had votes on this on the floor and in committee over the years, it has never been a particularly con-troversial program, even though the gentleman from Rhode Island has con-sistently been against it from the start. But the point is that in both the House and the Senate bills this year, there are provisions dealing with these programs. We come to some resolution every year, and for 55 straight years the conference report has gotten signed into law. I would like to correct one point, Mr. Speaker. I do not believe that the Army is opposed to this program. As a matter of fact, both Mr. R
OGERS and I have talked to the Army about this, and they have not expressed in any sense that they are opposed to it. They were waiting to see what direction they are given, and they are happy to go implement that. Mr. Speaker, in recent weeks, our country has been buffeted by a number of tragedies: hurricanes; of course, wildfires going on now in the West. And the horrible, horrific murders in Las Vegas are much on our minds, as are the victims and the whole commu-nities. It is important to take time and to learn what that investigation yields so that we can, hopefully, prevent it from happening in the future. I just want to point out that there is nothing, whether these provisions stay or go, that is going to have any effect on an event like we just saw in Las Vegas. As a matter of fact, in the his-tory of this program, I know of no sin-gle instance where one of these weap-ons that has been disposed of for gun safety programs has been used improp-erly. As a matter of fact, most of these weapons go up on a mantle somewhere. They are collectors items. So it would be inappropriate, in my opinion, to try to tie that horrible tragedy in Las Vegas, or others, to these particular programs. That leads me to the last point I would like to make, Mr. Speaker, and it is similar to the first. On a bipar-tisan basis, this House and, indeed, this Congress, come together to support the men and women who risk their lives to defend us. The world is getting more dangerous, and, unfortunately—the fault of both parties in both the execu-tive and legislative branches of govern-ment—we cut our military too much. We are seeing the effects of that through declining readiness, through increasing accidents, and a whole vari-ety of things where the fruits of that neglect is becoming more apparent. But I think it is crucial, as we begin to rebuild and repair our military, that we not let other agendas, other issues, impair our ability to do so. I am con-cerned, for example, that some Repub-licans say: Oh, yeah, I will increase funding for defense, as long as you can cut that money in other parts of the budget. I am concerned when Democrats say: Oh, I am for increasing defense, as long as you increase other parts of the budg-et. I am concerned when anybody brings any other agenda, any other issue, that impedes our ability to support the men and women who serve our Nation. We ought to do our best to support them on the basis of those issues alone and let other debates, whatever they may be, stand on their own as well. As I mentioned, Mr. Speaker, mo-tions to instruct are, of course, non-binding. I think, in this case, the bet-ter vote is to vote ‘‘no.’’ There are pro-visions dealing with this in both the House and the Senate bill. I hope that we can come to a reasonable conclusion on these provisions and the whole bill. But the goal is to defend the country and to support the men and women who serve. We can never be distracted from that goal. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Without objection, the previous ques-tion is ordered on the motion to in-struct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 37 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1440 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) at 2 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to instruct on H.R. 2810; The motion to permit closed con-ference meetings on H.R. 2810, if of-fered; The motion to suspend the rules on H. Res. 569; The motion to recommit on S. 585; and Passage of S. 585, if ordered. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to instruct on the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses, offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 184, nays 237, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 564] YEAS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.051 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8009 October 12, 2017 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—12 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Eshoo Huffman Jordan Lawrence Long Marino Palazzo Renacci Thompson (CA) 
b1508 Ms. STEFANIK, Mr. KIND, Mrs. HARTZLER, Messrs. HOLLINGS-WORTH, ROHRABACHER, DENHAM, DENT, and COSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. GENE GREEN of Texas and LOEBSACK changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to instruct was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOTION TO CLOSE CONFERENCE COMMITTEE MEETINGS ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I move that meetings of the conference between the House and the Senate on H.R. 2810 may be closed to the public at such times as classified national secu-rity information may be discussed, pro-vided that any sitting Member of Con-gress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of the conference. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12 of rule XXII, the mo-tion is not debatable, and the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 8, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 565] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.009 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8010 October 12, 2017 
Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—8 
Amash Blumenauer DeFazio Grijalva Jones Labrador Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Eshoo Huffman Lawrence Long Marino Palazzo Renacci Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1515 So the motion to close portions of the conference was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 569) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, with an amendment, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) that the House sus-pend the rules and agree to the resolu-tion. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 353, nays 69, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 566] YEAS—353 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—69 
Amash Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Chabot Comer Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Foxx Franks (AZ) Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Griffith Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Johnson (LA) Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kustoff (TN) Lamborn Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Marchant Massie Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Ratcliffe Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stewart Walker Walorski Wenstrup Williams 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Eshoo Huffman Lawrence Long Marino Palazzo Renacci Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1523 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DR. CHRIS KIRKPATRICK WHISTLE-BLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistleblower protec-tions for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and increased account-ability and required discipline for Fed-eral supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 190, nays 232, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 567] YEAS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.008 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8011 October 12, 2017 
Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—11 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Eshoo Huffman Lawrence Long Marino Palazzo Renacci Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1531 Mr. MARCHANT changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 420, noes 0, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 568] AYES—420 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.012 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8012 October 12, 2017 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Eshoo Goodlatte Huffman Lawrence Long Marino Palazzo Renacci Scott, David Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1538 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees on H.R. 2810: From the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. T
HORNBERRY , WILSON of South Carolina, L
OBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, T
URNER , ROGERS of Alabama, F RANKS  of Arizona, S
HUSTER , CONAWAY , LAM-
BORN , W ITTMAN , C OFFMAN , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Messrs. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, C
OOK, Ms. S TEFANIK , Messrs. K
NIGHT , BACON , SMITH of Washington, B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Messrs. L
ANGEVIN , LARSEN  of Washington, C
OOPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. G
ABBARD . From the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, for consider-ation of matters within the jurisdic-tion of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Messrs. N
UNES , STEWART , and S
CHIFF . From the Committee on the Budget, for consideration of section 1262 of the House bill, and section 4 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. JOHNSON  of Ohio, B
ERGMAN , and Y ARMUTH . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 221, 551, 555, and 3509 of the House bill, and sections 236, 551–53, 3116, 5508, and 6001 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Ms. F
OXX, Messrs. B YRNE , and S
COTT of Virginia. From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of sec-tions 313, 314, 601, 723, 727, 729, 732, 3118, and 3122 of the House bill, and sections 601, 701, 725, 732, 1089A, 1625, and 3114 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. W
ALDEN , BARTON , and P ALLONE . From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of section 862 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. B
ARR, WILLIAMS , and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. From the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for consideration of sections 864, 1032, 1039, 1040, 1058, 1201, 1203–05, 1211, 1222, 1223, 1231, 1232, 1234, 1243, 1246, 1247, 1265, 1270A, 1272, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, 1687, 2841, and 3117 of the House bill, and sections 111, 861, 867, 1011, 1203–05, 1212, 1213, 1231–33, 1241–45, 1250, 1261–63, 1270B, 1270C, 1282, 1283, 1301, 1302, 1531, and 1651 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. R
OYCE of California, D
ONOVAN , and E NGEL . From the Committee on the Judici-ary, for consideration of sections 515, 1062, 1063, 1067, 1080, 1695, 2843, and 3510 of the House bill, and sections 520A, 529, 1035, 1081, 1083, 1217, 1264, and 14013 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. G
OODLATTE , ISSA, and C ONYERS . From the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for consideration of sections 601, 1062, 1265, 2827, 2828, 2831, 2832, 2844, 2863, subtitle F of title XXVIII, and section 2863 of the House bill, and sec-tions 311, 338, 601, 1263, 1264, 2850, and 12801 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. G
RIJALVA . b1545 From the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consider-ation of sections 323, 501, 801, 803, 859– 860A, 873, 1101–09 of the House bill, and sections 218, 544, 557, 801, 812, 821, 822, 829, 852, 902, 931, 934, 938, 1045, 1093, 1094, 1101, 1102, 1104–06, 1111–13, 2821, 2822, 6005, 6012, 10804, 11023–25, and 11603 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. M
EADOWS , ROSS, and L YNCH . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consider-ation of section 223 of the House bill and sections 897, 898, 1662–64, and 6002 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. S
MITH of Texas, L UCAS , and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. From the Committee on Small Busi-ness, for consideration of sections 801, 860B, 867, 1701–04, 1711–13, 1721–23, 1731– 37, and 1741 of the House bill, and sec-tions 854, 862, 897, 898, 899C, 10801, and 10802 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. CHABOT , KELLY of Mis-sissippi, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . From the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for consider-ation of sections 122, 311, 546, 601, 1082, 1617, 1695, 3501, 3502, 3505, and 3507–10 of the House bill, and sections 331, 601, 1048, 6002, 13501, 13502, 13508, 13513, 13607, and 14013 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. G
RAVES of Missouri, H
UNTER , and Mrs. B USTOS . From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of sections 572, 573, 576, 578, 1077, and 2841 of the House bill, and sections 731, 1084, 1088, 1264, 11001, 11008, and 14004 of the Sen-ate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. R
OE of Tennessee, B
ILIRAKIS , and W ALZ. From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of section 701 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Mr. T
IBERI , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. N EAL. There was no objection. 
f 
STRENGTHENING STATE AND LOCAL CYBER CRIME FIGHTING ACT OF 2017 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1616) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Com-puter Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL COM-PUTER FORENSICS INSTITUTE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 822. NATIONAL COMPUTER FORENSICS IN-STITUTE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized for fiscal years 2017 through 2022 within the United States Secret Service a National Computer Forensics Institute (in this section referred to as the ‘Institute’). The Institute shall disseminate information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime and related threats, and educate, train, and equip State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of the In-stitute shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Educating State, local, tribal, and ter-ritorial law enforcement officers, prosecu-tors, and judges on current— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.013 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8013 October 12, 2017 
‘‘(A) cyber and electronic crimes and re-lated threats; ‘‘(B) methods for investigating cyber and electronic crime and related threats and con-ducting computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) prosecutorial and judicial challenges related to cyber and electronic crime and re-lated threats, and computer and mobile de-vice forensic examinations. ‘‘(2) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers to— ‘‘(A) conduct cyber and electronic crime and related threat investigations; ‘‘(B) conduct computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) respond to network intrusion inci-dents. ‘‘(3) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on methods to obtain, process, store, and admit digital evidence in court. ‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES .—In carrying out the func-tions specified in subsection (b), the Insti-tute shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that timely, actionable, and relevant exper-tise and information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats is shared with State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers and prosecu-tors. ‘‘(d) E
QUIPMENT .—The Institute may pro-vide State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers with computer equip-ment, hardware, software, manuals, and tools necessary to conduct cyber and elec-tronic crime and related threat investiga-tions and computer and mobile device foren-sic examinations. ‘‘(e) E
LECTRONIC CRIME TASKFORCES .—The Institute shall facilitate the expansion of the network of Electronic Crime Task Forces of the United States Secret Service through the addition of State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers educated and trained at the Institute. ‘‘(f) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—All authorized ac-tivities and functions carried out by the In-stitute at any location as of the day before the date of the enactment of this section are authorized to continue to be carried out at any such location on and after such date.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, amounts appropriated for United States Secret Service, Operations and Support, may be used to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 821 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 822. National Computer Forensics In-stitute.’’. 
SEC. 3. PREVENTION, INVESTIGATION, AND PROS-ECUTION OF ECONOMIC, HIGH TECHNOLOGY, INTERNET, AND OTHER WHITE COLLAR CRIME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART MM—PREVENTION, INVESTIGA-TION, AND PROSECUTION OF WHITE COLLAR CRIME 
‘‘SEC. 3030. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘National White Collar Crime Control Act of 2017’. 
‘‘SEC. 3031. ESTABLISHMENT OF GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance is authorized to enter into a cooperative agreement with or make a grant to an eligible entity for the purpose of improving the identification, in-vestigation, and prosecution of white collar crime (including each category of such crimes set forth in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b)) by providing comprehen-sive, direct, and practical training and tech-nical assistance to law enforcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government. ‘‘(b) WHITE COLLAR CRIME DEFINED .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘white collar crime’ includes— ‘‘(1) high-tech crime, including cyber and electronic crime and related threats; ‘‘(2) economic crime, including financial fraud and mortgage fraud; and ‘‘(3) Internet-based crime against children and child pornography. 
‘‘SEC. 3032. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) To ensure that training is available for State, local, tribal and territorial law en-forcement agencies and officers nationwide to support local efforts to identify, prevent, investigate, and prosecute cyber and finan-cial crimes, including those crimes facili-tated via computer networks and other elec-tronic means, and crimes involving financial and economic impacts such as intellectual property crimes. ‘‘(2) To deliver training to State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement offi-cers, and other criminal justice professionals concerning the use of proven methodologies to prevent, detect, and respond to such crimes, recognize emerging issues, manage electronic and financial crime evidence and to improve local criminal justice agency re-sponses to such threats. ‘‘(3) To provide operational and technical assistance and training concerning tools, products, resources, guidelines, and proce-dures to aid and enhance criminal intel-ligence analysis, conduct cyber crime and fi-nancial crime investigations, and related justice information sharing at the local and State levels. ‘‘(4) To provide appropriate training on protections for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties in the conduct of criminal intel-ligence analysis and cyber and electronic crime and financial crime investigations, in-cluding in the development of policies, guidelines, and procedures by State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agen-cies to protect and enhance privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections and identify weaknesses and gaps in the protec-tion of privacy, civil rights, and civil lib-erties. 
‘‘SEC. 3033. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘A grant or cooperative agreement award-ed under this part may be made only for the following programs, with respect to the pre-vention, investigation, and prosecution of certain criminal activities: ‘‘(1) Programs to provide a nationwide sup-port system for State and local criminal jus-tice agencies. ‘‘(2) Programs to assist State and local criminal justice agencies to develop, estab-lish, and maintain intelligence-focused polic-ing strategies and related information shar-ing. ‘‘(3) Programs to provide training and in-vestigative support services to State and local criminal justice agencies to provide such agencies with skills and resources need-ed to investigate and prosecute such crimi-nal activities and related criminal activities. ‘‘(4) Programs to provide research support, to establish partnerships, and to provide other resources to aid State and local crimi-nal justice agencies to prevent, investigate, and prosecute such criminal activities and related problems. ‘‘(5) Programs to provide information and research to the general public to facilitate the prevention of such criminal activities. ‘‘(6) Programs to establish or support na-tional training and research centers region-ally to provide training and research services for State and local criminal justice agencies. ‘‘(7) Programs to provide training and oversight to State and local criminal justice agencies to develop and comply with applica-ble privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties related policies, procedures, rules, laws, and guidelines. ‘‘(8) Any other programs specified by the Attorney General as furthering the purposes of this part. ‘‘SEC. 3034. APPLICATION. 
‘‘To be eligible for an award of a grant or cooperative agreement under this part, an entity shall submit to the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance an application in such form and manner, and containing such information, as required by the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Justice Assistance. 
‘‘SEC. 3035. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘States, units of local government, not- for-profit entities, and institutions of higher- education with demonstrated capacity and experience in delivering training, technical assistance and other resources including di-rect, practical laboratory training to law en-forcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government and over the Internet shall be eligible to receive an award under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 3036. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
‘‘The Director of the Bureau of Justice As-sistance shall promulgate such rules and reg-ulations as are necessary to carry out this part, including rules and regulations for sub-mitting and reviewing applications under section 3035.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out — (1) part MM of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (a); and (2) section 401(b) of the Prioritizing Re-sources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (34 U.S.C. 30103(b)). 
Mr. RATCLIFFE (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 2266 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolu-tion and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 85 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 2266, the Clerk of the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.014 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8014 October 12, 2017 
Representatives shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘Making additional supplemental ap-propriations for disaster relief requirements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2017, TO MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. on Monday next. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING BRIAN M CQUEEN (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brian McQueen, a constituent and a dear friend from the 22nd District who has dedicated his life to public service. For 34 years, Brian worked in the Whitesboro Central School District—as a teacher for 19 years and as a principal thereafter. Brian also took his compas-sion for our community to the Whitesboro Volunteer Fire Depart-ment, where he served as fire chief from 1999 to 2002. He currently serves as a lieutenant and safety officer, in addition to serving on the board of di-rectors of the Firemen’s Association of the State of New York. In 2013, Brian was diagnosed with B- cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Brian joined members of the Barneveld Fire Department to found the Believe 271, a foundation to assist volunteer fire-fighters and EMTs who are battling cancer and life-threatening diseases. Since that day, Believe 271 has pro-vided financial and emotional support to firefighters and their families throughout Oneida and Herkimer Counties. With increased exposure to smoke and toxins, firefighters are at a much higher risk of contracting cancer. Brian’s tireless advocacy is a testa-ment to his dedication and his compas-sion for all volunteer firefighters who risk their lives to keep our commu-nities safe, and it is an honor to recog-nize my friend and a great community partner, Brian McQueen, today. 
f 
REAUTHORIZING CHIP FUNDING (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, in New Jersey, nearly 231,000 children rely on the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. CHIP gets them to the doctor. CHIP gets them to the hospital. CHIP saves their lives. But last month, Republican Members of Congress made a choice to put on an-other repeal-and-replace dog and pony show and let CHIP expire. Mr. Speaker, what do my Republican colleagues have against needy chil-dren? Who thought it would be a good idea to put 9 million children’s health at risk for political gains? So much for compassionate conservatism. Mr. Speaker, CHIP is vital to the Na-tion’s future. Along with Medicaid, CHIP has cut the rate of low-income, uninsured children nationally by half— from 14 percent to 7 percent. But if Congress doesn’t immediately reau-thorize long-term CHIP funding, chil-dren will not get to see their doctors. They won’t have access to hospitals, and some may die. f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MITCHELL. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of our framework for tax reform to put American work-ers and businesses first. I come from Michigan, and the last time our tax system was updated, Steve Yzerman was the captain of the Detroit Red Wings. Hockeytown is re-building, and it is about time our Tax Code was rebuilt. We have the oppor-tunity to reform and reduce taxes for American workers and the small busi-nesses that create jobs for those work-ers. America’s nearly 30 million small businesses are the engine of our econ-omy, employing nearly 60 million workers, half of the United States workforce. But our current Tax Code is a monstrosity. When combined with State and local taxes, small businesses pay up to 50 percent of their income to the government. Polling indicates that small- and mid-size businesses would use their tax savings to invest in their businesses: opening new locations, upgrading equipment, and increasing hiring and wages. Tax reform is about rewarding work and prosperity for all Americans. Let’s get on with that work. 
f 
DACA (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, Delila is a graduate student at the Uni-versity of California, Riverside, who exemplifies the American spirit. As a young woman, she worked two and three jobs to support her family and help her father, who was their sole pro-vider. Three years ago, when her father suf-fered a stroke, Delila stepped up and kept the family afloat while he recov-ered. She went on to take a full-time position as a sexual assault advocate in our community. Delila says that job al-lowed her to help those who live in fear and live without hope. This year, she will graduate with a master’s degree, and there is no ques-tion that she is destined to accomplish great things. The only question is where she will accomplish them. Delila is a DREAMer, and her future in this country depends on whether we pass the Dream Act. Once again, I am asking my colleagues to do the right thing. Pass the Dream Act so people like Delila can continue to make our communities proud. f 
THE HOLY CITY OF JERUSALEM (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, I rise today to support our friend and ally, Israel, and to stand for the obvious proposition that the people of Israel and the Jewish people have an ancient connection to the city of Jerusalem. This connection has been forged through millennia of shared faith and shared history, yet the U.N. is actually trying to rewrite history: They condemn Israel and call it an occupying power in Jerusalem; They prevent Israeli scientists from excavating, even though past findings have been significant to Christians, Muslims, and Jews alike; They have been silent when Israel’s culture has been attacked, including the desecration and burning of holy sites. Each year brings new horrors from the U.N. Their cruelty and attempts to erase history and their anti-Semitism cannot be tolerated any longer. Today I am introducing a resolution reaffirming the connection of the Jew-ish people to the city of Jerusalem and condemning UNESCO’s attempts to punish and delegitimize Israel. I encourage my colleagues to show solidarity with Israel, to support the President’s removal of the United States from UNESCO, and to support this resolution I have proposed. 
f 
CLEAN POWER PLAN (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Clean Power Plan. This rule was intended to combat and mitigate the effects of cli-mate change and create first-ever lim-its to carbon pollution from U.S. power plants. As we deal with the devastation cre-ated by some of the strongest hurri-canes in recorded history and the wildfires that are raging through West-ern States, we can’t stand idly by while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.015 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8015 October 12, 2017 
this administration eliminates the Clean Power Plan, condemning future generations to scarce resources, harsh-er climates, and economic uncertainty. Extreme weather has cost the U.S. economy at least $240 billion over the past 10 years. Climate change increases the frequency and severity of extreme weather. Shouldn’t we focus on hard-ening and securing our infrastructure and making it more resilient to cli-mate change? The Clean Power Plan would also re-duce plant pollutants that cause asth-ma attacks and respiratory illnesses, and it is projected to prevent thou-sands of premature deaths, tens of thousands of asthma attacks, and pro-vide at least $20 billion in total health benefits. The denial of science by this adminis-tration is alarming and dangerous. I urge my colleagues to stand up for clean energy and our environment and take positive action to address climate change. 
f 
b1600 HURRICANE RELIEF BAILOUT (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, bur-ied in today’s disaster supplemental spending bill is a $16 billion taxpayer bailout of the National Flood Insur-ance Program. That is nearly half the cost of this bill. This bailout does not come with a single reform that would put the program on the path to sus-tainability. This taxpayer bailout maintains a program that has resulted in taxpayer- subsidized development and recon-struction of homes that repeatedly flood. Madam Speaker, why are we not re-forming this program that puts resi-dents and first responders in harm’s way? How much more debt are we will-ing to let this program pile onto the next generation? Americans in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands need help, and I would have liked to vote for the relief portion of today’s legislation, but the multibillion-dollar taxpayer bail-out of an unreformed program made the bill unacceptable. I urge my colleagues to reconsider the path we are on. We could have had a bill that not only provided relief to hurricane victims, but would have pro-vided relief for taxpayers and the next generation as well, but we did not. We will get another chance for fiscal sanity in December, when we recon-sider the additional disaster funding and funding for the rest of 2018. Let’s hope we make better progress at that time. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. GOTTHEIMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Madam Speaker, I rise today because I came to Wash-ington to cut taxes for the residents of north Jersey. Our taxes are simply too high. This morning, at The Heritage Foun-dation, the Speaker claimed that the rest of the country is propping up New Jersey. That is backwards. Currently, New Jersey pays in so that States like Wisconsin can cash out. New Jersey is already a grand sub-sidizer of other States. We are one of the top 3 percent taxpaying districts in the entire country and at the bottom in what we get back. We need to change that. New Jersey only gets back 33 cents for every dollar we send to Washington. New Jersey residents get $3,076 less, as this shows, than what they pay in. West Virginia, for example, gets $4.23 back for every dollar it sends in. New Jersey is not America’s piggybank. Our one saving grace has been the State and local property tax deduction: the ability to deduct those higher State, local, and property taxes before we have to send in our tax checks every April. It allows us to avoid dou-ble taxation. Eliminating these State and local tax deductions will cost New Jersey an average of a $3,500 tax in-crease per resident. Property values will go down more than 10 percent. So I am fighting to remove this tax hike provision from the tax reform bill that can hurt our businesses and our citizens. f 
PROUD OF VIRGINIA’S ASSISTANCE TO DISASTERS (Mr. TAYLOR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, today, Congress approved the second tranche of emergency funding for those affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and the wildfires in the Western United States. I would like to take a second and shine a light on Virginians who have stepped forward to help our fellow Americans impacted by these natural disasters. Just the other day, I pulled up to a restaurant in Virginia Beach, where there was a steady line of vehicles com-ing in the parking lot to drop off goods and essential items. Hundreds came to-gether to give money and items for the people of Puerto Rico. From Hampton Roads to Richmond, to Roanoke, Virginia rose to the occa-sion. We had soldiers and sailors and coastguardsmen and civilians deploy forward to help in Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. We had National Guardsmen, Spanish speakers, FEMA workers, EMS units, helicopters, drones, boats, and medical supplies, and much more. We should all be very proud of Vir-ginia’s vast efforts, their leadership, and their compassion. Virginia has never been afraid to lead. f 
REOPENING OF PFEIFFER CANYON BRIDGE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise today to recognize the reopening of the Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge in Big Sur, California. After 4 years of drought, my district on the central coast of California fi-nally got the rain it needed, but a little too much. As a result, this year there were many large-scale landslides, in-cluding this one, as we see here to my right, which knocked out the pilings of the Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge, causing this bridge to fail. This left a community of people iso-lated and numerous businesses without revenue for at least 8 months. But over that same amount of time, the people of Big Sur, the people and government of Monterey County, the engineers and construction crews, and the California Department of Transportation dem-onstrated a lot of grit, guts, determina-tion, and dedication. They listened to each other and came together to fix this bridge. Tomorrow I will be able to attend the opening of this bridge. We will be able to show our pride for the record pace of construction, of government working together to get things done, the busi-nesses that struggled but remained open in Big Sur during this time, and, most importantly, we will show our pride in the people of Big Sur and the communities on the central coast of California. 
f 
UNIFIED SPAIN (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Madam Speaker, I rise today as a mem-ber of the Spain Caucus to discuss why a unified Spain is both legally, cul-turally, and economically justified, and how it best serves United States foreign policy interests. First, the illegal Catalan independ-ence referendum was held in violation of the Spanish constitution and in defi-ance of the federal government. Catalunya, as an autonomous region within Spain, enjoys many rights and privileges under the Spanish constitu-tion, but self-determination is clearly not one of them. The historical and cultural ties be-tween Spain and Catalunya are strong. Spain and Catalunya have a shared his-tory, being united since the reign of Ferdinand and Isabel over 500 years ago, and later, under the governance of the Kingdom of Aragon, similar to how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.067 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8016 October 12, 2017 
it is a part of the Kingdom of Spain today. Because of this history, Catalunya has a pluralistic society, with a mix of Spaniards and Catalans, and where both cultures’ languages are regularly spoken. Lastly, the deep economic ties Catalunya shares with Spain are evi-dence that Spain should be united. Catalunya relies heavily on Madrid for its financial sector, infrastructure, and its social security deficit. A united Spain is a friend of the United States. A strong, united Spain has been a reliable ally in fighting the spread of Islamic extremism. Our rela-tionship with Spain is invaluable to our foreign policy interests, and we need to speak out on behalf of a unified Spain. 
f 
HONORING 50TH COMPANY, INFAN-TRY OFFICER CANDIDATE SCHOOL CLASS OC 24–69 (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor a special group worthy of our recognition for the sacrifices they have made for our country. This month, the surviving members of the 50th Company, Infantry Officer Candidate School’s Class OC 24–69 will have their first reunion at Fort Benning, 48 years after pinning on the gold bars of second lieutenants. The men in the 50th Company came from 42 different States, representing all walks of life and backgrounds. They accepted the risks and volunteered to become Army officers at the height of the Vietnam war. After graduation, over half received orders to Vietnam. Two classmates made the ultimate sacrifice: James Du Pont and Thomas Edgren. Many others earned the Purple Heart. At the reunion in Fort Benning, these men will renew the bonds forged 48 years ago. Please join me in pausing to reflect on their sacrifices and ex-tending them our thanks. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ELIZABETH DENT (Mr. ADERHOLT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, today I rise to recognize the tremen-dous work of Elizabeth Dent, who has been an invaluable part of the staff of the House Appropriations Sub-committee on Agriculture for the past 3 years. Elizabeth came to work with the subcommittee I chair after working several years with a former appropri-ator, Congressman Jack Kingston. Elizabeth has been a valuable mem-ber of the subcommittee team. She is diligent, dedicated, and keen to details, something that is very important to the appropriations work. She is always eager to volunteer and lend a hand to accomplish whatever tasks may be needed in assisting in the agricultural community. She has be-come an integral part of the team, and she will be greatly missed on our sub-committee. Elizabeth will be leaving the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agri-culture to work for the Senate Agri-culture Appropriations Committee. I thank her for her outstanding work. The Senate Appropriations Committee is very fortunate to have her work on the staff. We wish her all the very best, and we look forward to working with her in her new capacity. f 
ACA BIRTH CONTROL MANDATE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in defense of every woman’s access to healthcare and right to make her own personal healthcare decisions in private consultation with her physi-cian and her family. Last week, President Trump issued a shameful executive order that will allow employers to deny women insur-ance coverage for contraception. This rolls back progress under the Afford-able Care Act that required insurance companies to cover birth control with-out a copay. This is outrageous. Employers have no role dictating what healthcare women can and cannot have. That is a decision between a woman and her doc-tor. Nearly 9 in 10 women will use birth control at some point in their lives. This order is a direct attack on their healthcare. President Trump tried to sneak this change through, announcing it on a Friday afternoon before a long week-end. Well, we noticed and so did mil-lions of other women that this order will adversely impact. We are paying attention and we are not about to stop speaking out and working to protect women’s access to healthcare. 
f 
FALLEN TTU OFFICER FLOYD EAST, JR. (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Madam Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a fallen hero, Officer Floyd East, Jr. Officer East was a police officer for the Texas Tech University Police Department. On Monday, October 9, Officer East com-pleted his final patrol to protect and serve. Officer East has been described by friends as someone you could rely on and someone who was always there to help or just listen. No doubt, he rep-resented the very best of the values of Texas Tech. His loss reminds us that policemen and -women put their lives at risk every day. He left behind a loving wife, Carmen, who generously allowed him to dedicate his life to keeping us safe. To his children, Ana and Monica: Our prayers are with you. Scripture tells us that ‘‘there’s no greater love than for a man to lay down his life for his friends.’’ That was God’s greatest gift to this world and that was your dad’s greatest gift. Our Red Raider family is behind you, and we will never forget Floyd and how he held the thin blue line. God bless your family. f 
ALDO’S STORY (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Aldo Solano of Woodburn, Oregon. Aldo was only 6 years old when his family first immigrated to the United States from Colima, Mexico. Economic distress, corruption, and a lack of op-portunities pushed his parents to leave everything behind and head to the Wil-lamette Valley. They wanted a dif-ferent life for Aldo and his siblings, one where they could go to school and pur-sue their dreams. Aldo has done just that. At Woodburn High School, he served as vice presi-dent of his class. While earning good grades, he participated in sports and volunteer opportunities like 4–H Latino Summer Camp, encouraging young people to enter the STEM field. After graduating, Aldo became a DACA recipient. Through DACA, he has been able to work for the Latino Health Coalition, where he worked to pass Cover All Kids, a State law to en-sure access to healthcare for every child in Oregon. This winter, he will begin working towards a public health degree at Portland State University. Without DACA, none of this would have been possible for Aldo. Young peo-ple across the country are relying on us. We need to pass a clean Dream Act that will recognize Aldo and over 800,000 DREAMers as equal members of our community. 
f 
AMERICAN PHARMACISTS MONTH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of October 2017 as American Pharmacists Month. During this month, I would like to recognize all pharmacists across Amer-ica to ensure that Americans have ac-cess to important and often lifesaving medications. As the only pharmacist currently serving in Congress, I am proud to rec-ognize the work that pharmacists are doing to promote a healthy America. Every day, pharmacists provide vac-cines for a number of illnesses and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.069 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8017 October 12, 2017 
carefully counsel patients on prescrip-tions and over-the-counter medications to help heal sickness and reduce pain. Pharmacists are also considered one of the top two most trusted professions in America. During October, as well as through-out the year, I encourage everyone to visit your pharmacist, ask questions about your prescriptions, receive ad-vice about preventative care, and get to know the person who provides your medicine and works to keep you healthy. Thank you, fellow pharmacists, for all that you do. Please know that your work is appreciated and you are an im-portant part of keeping our Nation healthy. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, we are now a few days after the most violent and largest massacre in modern American history in Las Vegas, Ne-vada. Many that you encounter has a story, amazingly, about who was there during that week. They obviously were not at that site, but they may have been in Las Vegas for work or otherwise. It will be on the minds of Americans for a long time. Just this past Monday, I stood with Sheriff Acevedo, my chief of police, my sheriff, my constable; mothers who have lost loved ones and children; and a woman who had been abused and her significant other carried around a heavy weapon to scare her, threaten her, and abuse her. Why we can’t have gun safety regula-tion, I don’t know, but I believe after Sandy Hook and after Pulse nightclub, we must pass real gun safety legisla-tion. We must ban assault weapons, ban the bump stocks. We must have universal background checks. Madam Speaker, it is a shame that we cannot save lives. We need gun safe-ty now, not money in your pockets. 
f 
b1615 OVERCOMING PROBLEMS WITH THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, I want to commend President Trump’s decision this week with executive or-ders to do some of the work we have been unable to do so far in the House and the Senate, helping people over-come the problems with the ACA, the Affordable Care Act. One of the measures he put forth was association health plans to allow em-ployers’ employees to form health plans that suit them—indeed, to asso-ciate with their type of business, their type of industry on a small scale in their neighborhoods. It makes perfect sense, if you want to give people more choices. Also, short-term, limited-duration health insurance plans, which allow people to have, if they are in between jobs, instead of limiting it to just 3 months, perhaps just a little longer. In the interim, while they are in between jobs, they have choices that they could afford with the elements in the plan they would like. Finally, health reimbursement ar-rangements, which make it where em-ployees—if they want to provide bene-fits to their—employers to their em-ployees, that they can reimburse for more issues in their plan, such as help-ing them pay for their premiums, if that is how the employee wishes to have that. Flexibility is what we need; choices are what we need; and then Congress needs to be able to accomplish some-thing in the Senate so we can bring it back and give this to the American people. f 
RESPONSE TO THE REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KHANNA. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KHANNA. Madam Speaker, be-fore my colleagues in the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus and I begin our discussion about the response to the Republican tax plan, I wish to take a moment to express our sympathy for the people of northern California who are facing devastating and destructive wildfires. I represent a Silicon Valley district where hundreds of our neighbors to our north and south remain missing. Tens of thousands are suffering at this very moment from the destruction of more than 150,000 acres and counting, as well as an increasing number of family homes and businesses. It seems that our Nation has been struck by one na-tional tragedy after another. Our pray-ers are with the California residents, and I know that everyone in this body is committed to their relief. I also, on a personal note, want to recognize Liz Bartolomeo, who has been my communications director and worked very hard with the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus. She is going on to work for Democracy Alliance. I wish her very well in her next steps, and I thank her for her service to our office and to the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus. The purpose of this hour is to discuss the Republican economic plan, and I have distinguished colleagues of mine who will be joining us. I just want to, at the outset, articulate the basic dif-ference in philosophy. The President and the Republicans believe that to grow our economy, to create jobs, the way to achieve that is by giving tax cuts to corporations, giv-ing tax cuts to the investors in stock, giving tax cuts to the executives who already get large compensation pack-ages; and that if we do that, if we cut corporate tax rates at a time where corporations are making record profits, if we give more tax breaks to those who are investing in our stock market, if we give more tax breaks to those who get dividend checks, then some-how, magically, people making 30 grand or 40 grand will see their wages go up, that somehow we are going to get many more jobs in places across this country. And the question is why would we be-lieve that? Why would we think the trickle-down economics, which has failed time and again, is going to help? Does someone really believe, in my dis-trict, who is a construction worker or a nurse or a teacher, that lowering the corporate tax rate is going to do any-thing to put more money in their pock-et, that it is going to do anything for a nurse who is struggling to get an apart-ment and pay rent to be able to afford that rent, or that it is going to do any-thing for people in Youngstown, Ohio, to be able to send their kids to school or get vocational training or get a col-lege education? The difference is very simple. Our be-lief is, if you want to raise wages—if you want to give more pay to average Americans, just go raise wages. Pro-vide the tax credit to those making under $75,000. For one-third of the cost of the Republican tax plan, which is geared towards corporations and the investor class, we could give every sin-gle American, who is making under $75,000, a 20 percent pay raise. I believe that is bottom-up economics, and that is actually what is going to grow the economy. It is not a matter of just the econom-ics. It is a matter of common sense. Think about it. Who do you think is going to create more jobs in the United States? Someone worth 5 million bucks who gets tax money back and is going to invest in stocks? Or is that money going to create jobs in the United States? Or could that money be spent anywhere in the world, sheltered any-where in the world? As opposed to if you give that money to someone mak-ing $50,000, $60,000, they are going to spend that money in their local com-munity; they are going to buy more groceries; they are going to buy more things for their house; they are going to get more education; that money is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.071 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8018 October 12, 2017 
going to go into the local economy, and it is going to actually create jobs. That is what is going to grow the economy. That is our only shot of getting 3 per-cent economic growth if we invest in actual workers, the people doing the work. By the way, they haven’t gotten a raise for the past 40 years. Since 1979, wages in this country have stagnated, and we heard the same thing: just cut the taxes on the top and the wages will go up. But the wages haven’t gone up. Guess who promised to help, finally, those forgotten Americans? Guess who promised to help them? President Don-ald Trump. That was his whole cam-paign: The stock market is doing great, but you are being left behind. The coasts are doing great, but you have been left behind. And I am going to come to the White House and I am not going to give the keys to the Wall Street bankers. I am going to actually worry about raising wages. His biggest disappointment as Presi-dent is that he went back on the prom-ise that he made to ordinary Ameri-cans, and we know that he can do it if he wants to. All he has to do is tell his Wall Street advisers: No, no more tax breaks for Wall Street. I want the tax credits going to Main Street, and I can do that at a third of the cost of the plan that you are selling to me and the American people. This is the debate in this country, supply-side economics that believes the greatness of America is with the inves-tor class and the CEO class and the elite class, or bottom-up economics that our party and the Progressive Caucus is putting forward that believes the greatness in America is with the people who actually do the work, who work 40, 50 hours, who go on the assem-bly lines and work in factories, who work overnight as nurses taking care of folks, who are doing the education as teachers. Who do we believe is really contrib-uting to the economy? Who do we be-lieve is really driving America’s eco-nomic growth? The Democrats believe it is ordinary workers across this coun-try, that that is the greatness that drives the American economy, and the Republican tax plan believes it is the investor class. It is a very clear difference, and our commitment is not just one towards fairness but also one about investing in people who are going to create jobs and create innovation in this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ), my dis-tinguished colleague, who is not just a constitutional law professor and a lead-ing thinker on issues of juris prudence but has also been a leader with the Congressional Progressive Caucus in helping us craft an economic policy that is really for ordinary Americans and not for just the very wealthy. Mr. RASKIN. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman K
HANNA for his leadership in putting this together. Madam Speaker, I want to invoke a great Republican member of this body who went on to become President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln, who spoke of ‘‘government of the peo-ple, by the people, for the people.’’ The tax plan that has been presented to us by the GOP in the 21st century is government of the 1 percent, by the 1 percent, and for the 1 percent. It was written by a billionaire Cabinet of a billionaire President for the richest 1 percent of taxpayers in the country. The same policy experts whose healthcare plan was to throw 30 million Americans off their health insurance and reduce women’s access to complete reproductive services now have a tax plan to sell America. But read the fine print first. In fact, you don’t even need to read the fine print. You just have to look at the headlines. Under this plan, 80 percent of the total tax cut will end up going to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans who earn more than $900,000 a year. Let me repeat that: 80 percent of the money that will be saved in this tax cut will go to Americans earning $900,000 a year. That is astounding. In the meantime, tens of millions of middle class families making between $50,000 and $150,000 a year will pay high-er taxes than they were paying before. And check this out. The very wealthi-est sliver of Americans, those who make at least $5 million a year, and, on average, $16 million a year, would get an average tax cut of over $1 million. That is a $1 million tax cut for million-aires. The slogan for this plan should be: The Trump tax cut, because the rich just aren’t rich enough and everybody else is doing just fine. Madam Speaker, if you know anyone who makes $16 million a year, please ask them to write me and tell me what they are going to do with their extra $1 million. Maybe they will send it to a Swiss bank account or to the Bahamas; maybe they will run for Congress; maybe they will invest it in Australia where a lot of the superrich are appar-ently now buying property in order to have a getaway plan from the esca-lating crises of climate change in North America. b1630 So the billionaires make out like bandits. What about the rest of us? How much will this plan cost us? Well, the bipartisan Committee for Responsible Federal Budget’s initial analysis shows that the GOP plan would add $2.2 trillion to deficits over the next decade. This is the result of cutting taxes for the wealthy by a staggering $5.8 trillion and then adding new tax revenue of only $3.6 trillion, so we are going to be adding $2.2 trillion in deficits. What about the deficit hawks? They are an endangered species, as Congresswoman P ELOSI says now. Ac-tually, they have mutated into a com-pletely new species. We don’t have def-icit hawks anymore. We have deficit ostriches. They are willing to squawk and strut and kick dust like hawks when there is a Democrat in the White House, but when a budget-busting, def-icit-ballooning, debt-deepening Repub-lican occupies the White House and proposes inflating the deficit and the debt to unprecedented levels with the most breathtaking fiscal recklessness anyone has ever seen, they become def-icit chicken hawks and transmogrify into deficit doves, and then finally turn into fast scurrying deficit ostriches and run away from everything they have been saying for years about the necessity to reduce the deficit, they simply bury their heads deep in the sand and let the debt and the deficits climb up all around them. Speaker PAUL RYAN, when he was campaigning with Mitt Romney, said the national debt is threatening jobs today, it is threatening our prosperity today. Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH M
CCONNELL , while calling for changes to Social Security and Medicare in 2013, told supporters only one thing can save this country, and that is to get a handle on the deficit and debt issue. Well, that was then, this is now, as they say. Now the GOP leaders are twisting arms to vote for a tax plan that will blow up the deficit and drive our children and our grandchildren’s generations deeply into debt. What happened to all of the fine speeches we heard about how we owe it to our kids not to engage in deficit spending? What happened to all the magnificent oratory about how the na-tional debt is a moral crisis? Can any of the Members of Congress, who built their careers on the principle of deficit reduction and ending the debt, explain why it is responsible today to add more than $2 trillion to our national deficit? We await an answer, Madam Speaker. Why are they doing this to America? Why are they proposing it? Who wins with this assault on the common good? Well, let’s see. Donald Trump and his family certainly do. The only President who ever bragged that he would be able to make money by running for Presi-dent is showing what a good job he is actually doing at achieving his objec-tive. A New York Times analysis shows that Trump and his family could save more than $1 billion under this plan. That is right, the President and his family could save more than $1 billion under the tax proposal that has been sent to us in Congress. Of course, it is impossible to know precisely how much would be saved because President Trump, despite his campaign promise to release his tax returns, if elected, still refuses to release his tax returns, which constitutes not only a radical breach of faith with the people, but a radical break from past practices of other Presidents for the last half cen-tury, who have opened up their tax records for the rest of us to see. But let’s see what we can do based on information we know. This proposal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.073 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8019 October 12, 2017 
would eliminate the estate tax, which would generate massive tax savings for President Trump and his family. If his assets, reportedly valued at $2.86 bil-lion, were transferred after his death under today’s rules, his estate would be taxed at around the 40 percent level, still leaving his heirs with more than $1 billion. Repealing the Federal estate tax, which they propose to do, would save his family $1.1 billion, at least, in es-tate tax costs. Why would we do this? The Founders of our country were passionately opposed to hereditary wealth, just like they were passion-ately opposed to hereditary govern-ment. They thought it was dangerous to have the intergenerational trans-mission of wealth and great fortunes like that. They said that it would cause idleness and irresponsibility in the heirs to great wealth, and they would be able to convert their wealth not just into bigger estates, bigger land purchases, bigger houses, but actually in the public offices. They had a very profound democratic critique of that kind of intergenerational wealth in-equality, because, at a certain point, you have bought enough houses, you have bought enough jets, and now you want a governorship, you want the Presidency, you want a Senate seat. In a democracy, we need to have much re-duced levels of inequality that are being proposed under this idea of abol-ishing the estate tax. They also are proposing to abolish the alternative minimum tax, which is the only reason that President Trump paid any taxes in the one year over the last two decades that we know he paid taxes in, in 2005. Remember, somebody mysteriously leaked information about that year to the Rachel Maddow show, and it turned out that the President paid taxes because of the alternative minimum tax which says that you can’t push a good joke too far, you can only use all of your deductions and al-lowances, and so on, up to a certain point. If you are at a certain place, in terms of your wealth, you have got to pay something. Well, The New York Times now esti-mates that the GOP tax plan to repeal the alternative minimum tax would save the President at least $31.3 mil-lion. He would not have had to pay in that one year that we know where he paid taxes, and we don’t know about the rest because he has refused to re-lease it. And let’s just look at one more provi-sion, which would change the treat-ment of pass-through business income. According to The New York Times, President Trump could save as much as $6.2 million on business income and $9.8 million on income from real estate and other kinds of partnerships under changes to the taxation of pass- through income. Now, look, Madam Speaker, nobody likes paying taxes, nobody loves it, es-pecially when we know that there are billions of dollars being wasted, for ex-ample, at the Department of Defense in boondoggles, fraud, and abuse taking place, according to a hearing that we had just this session in the House Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. So people don’t love the experi-ence. But just as Oliver Wendell Holmes said, that he didn’t mind paying his taxes because he understood that they were the price of civilization. It is what we all put in, in order to have roads and highways and airports and schools and universities. That is what it means to be a citizen. People don’t mind, as long as there is a basic sense in the public that everybody is participating and we are not getting ripped off. And I am terrified that if they suc-ceed in barreling this plan through Congress, that it is going to spread more cynicism and more disenchant-ment and more negativity about the tax system and about the government, and we can’t afford it. Because of the escalating crises of climate change, which are all around us, our people are suffering. We have millions of people in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands to-night who have no access to power, no access to electricity or clean water. We have people in Florida and Texas and Mississippi and Louisiana who are still recovering from the last hurricanes. We have Californians, many of whom have died already, who are struggling against the forest fires out of control. Now is a point when we need a tax system that brings our people together, that says that wealthier people can pay more because they are wealthy, but ev-erybody is going to pay their share, and we are all going to participate to-gether. That is the tax system we should be looking for, a tax system where we get rid of all of the special in-terest inflected deductions and allow-ances and loopholes and rip-offs that are built into the system, where it is simplified. In the European countries, you can pay your taxes in about 10 or 15 min-utes, and you don’t have to go to the multibillion-dollar tax preparation in-dustry, or go find a law firm to do it. We can simplify our taxes if we decide to get rid of all of the special interest loopholes. And wealthy people can pay more because they get more out of being part of this society, and they use more of the infrastructure of the coun-try, instead of paying less than every-body else, instead of trying to rip off the system by paying nothing. Madam Speaker, now is the time when we need the wisest and most prin-cipled leadership to get us through the accumulating crises of the time. This tax plan is totally irresponsible. I hope that it will be withdrawn and we can work together across the aisle on a bi-partisan plan that will represent the best values of government of the peo-ple, by the people, for the people. Madam Speaker, I thank my distin-guished colleague from California for allowing me this opportunity. Mr. KHANNA. Madam Speaker, I thank Representative R
ASKIN for his thoughtful points and comments on the President’s tax policy. I have a few other points before we conclude. The President has said that we can’t afford foreign aid given our deficits, but the President thinks that the average American doesn’t know math. Mr. President, the average American can do math. The deficit is $20 trillion. Our foreign aid every year is no more than $30 bil-lion to $40 billion. Your proposal would increase the deficit between $200 billion to $500 billion. So this red herring that somehow foreign aid is responsible for the deficit is just false. What is responsible for the deficit is the massive tax cuts that you are pro-posing that would add, according to conservative economists, between $2 trillion to $5 trillion more to our def-icit, and it is all to finance the cor-porate interests, all to finance the in-vestor class. We have, on the Democratic side, on the progressive side, proposed an alter-native, and that alternative is based on the view that we need to encourage job creation and raise wages for main-stream America, that we need to invest in the people actually doing the work. It is based on the thinking of people who used to be Republicans and people like Jack Kemp, who said: Let us in-vest in areas that don’t have jobs and economic growth and have heavy in-vestment for training on the tech-nologies of the future. That used to be the thinking on the other side of the aisle. We used to have differences, but there used to be creativity and a sense of what is actually going to invest in people to grow the economy. And now, under this President, it is just a mantra of tax cuts for the very wealthy, tax cuts for the people who need it least, tax cuts for corporations, no sense of actually investing in new industries, investing in the training and skills of the 21st century, investing in bringing capital to places that need them. I hope and believe that as people in good faith will look at the two con-trasting proposals, one that says tax cuts for corporations, the other that says let’s invest in American workers, let’s invest in American communities, that they will conclude that the way to actually raise wages, the way to actu-ally create jobs, the way to actually grow our economy is by bottom-up eco-nomics by investing in the American workers and in those Americans who are part of the middle class. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
b1645 ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.074 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8020 October 12, 2017 
(Mr. G OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, it has been an interesting number of days here this week. We continue to have hearings and fight for good legislation, and we continue to hear from people back home that we simply must at least work on our promises to repeal ObamaCare and bring their health in-surance into a realm that is affordable. They realize they were lied to. They will never get the insurance they liked back. They would like to try to get their doctors back. One of the interesting things about the design of the devious architect of ObamaCare is the guy who bragged later: Yeah, we knew you couldn’t keep your insurance, you couldn’t keep your doctor, but we had to say that to sell it. They actually incentivized the hand-ful of remaining insurance companies not to put the best cancer healthcare providers in their network. ObamaCare actually incentivizes insurance compa-nies not putting the best heart healthcare providers or, in fact, any chronic, expensive disease that the in-surance companies, because of the de-sign of ObamaCare—and I think it was intentional—basically were penalized if they put the very best cancer treaters, heart treaters in their network. So there actually are indications that in-surance companies, they could see what the administration was encour-aging them to do. For example, I had read that MD An-derson was not in those networks as a cancer provider. Some would argue it is the best cancer treatment facility. That certainly can be debated. I think it still comes down to the effort to get to the point where government is com-pletely in charge of every American’s healthcare. ObamaCare was a good start, but ob-viously if you design a system so that the insurance companies, they just get down to a handful of monopolies and they are having record years, and that same bill even allows those insurance companies to get what are called bail-outs after they have had record profits, well, most people are going to end up hating the insurance companies. And we have seen that. What would happen, of course, is eventually people get so outraged with premiums going up, whether it is 10 percent or 70 percent—I have heard of it being doubled, being tripled since the last 7 years. I have heard all kinds of horror stories from people in east Texas. Around other places I have vis-ited, it is the same thing happening. They can’t afford their policy, yet they can’t afford to pay an extra tax for not having a policy that the government says they have to have; and yet if they pay for their policy, the deductible is so high, they are still not going to get any benefit out of it. So it is easy to see, when you start looking at the way in which ObamaCare was created, the rules in place for it, the day would come when people got so outraged at how expen-sive their health insurance was that they would scream: Look, I just can’t stand it anymore. I never wanted the government to be in charge of my per-sonal life, but anything’s got to be bet-ter than the current system. Just let the government take it over. Then, there you are, government con-trolling everybody’s body, everybody’s personal life. Of course, we have got this Consumer Financial Protection Bureau out there created during the Obama years by the Democrats. We were not helpful in that. We thought, sure, we want to help people who are being taken advantage of by unscrupulous lenders, but we don’t need a Bureau to monitor everybody’s debit and credit card transactions. There were those who ar-gued: Yeah, but this way, they can monitor and they can tell if some-body’s being taken advantage of. There was a time, as a felony judge in Texas, that, if someone wanted your bank records, under the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution, we are supposed to be protected from unrea-sonable searches and seizures, and that includes anyone’s bank records. So peo-ple would come to me as a judge, they would have affidavits, and they hoped that would prove under oath probable cause that a crime had been committed and that this person committed it, and if so, I could sign the warrant that al-lowed them to go get bank records. We used to care about the Fourth Amendment. I know my friends across the aisle, our Democratic friends, they cared greatly, because I have heard over and over in Judiciary Committee arguments about the protections against unreasonable searches, and yet they set up a Bureau that violates that, says: Just give us all your infor-mation. Well, sure, if somebody is being taken advantage of by an unscrupulous lender, then the remedy is they go complain to the appropriate govern-ment law enforcement or the SEC, whoever it is, and then they come to a judge like I was, get the warrant, get the records, and then make the deter-mination if there is probable cause. We just lost so much of our privacy. Several years ago, we said, well, since ObamaCare is going to allow the mass gathering of people’s medical records and our Democratic friends set up this consumer protection racket here in Washington, we could conceiv-ably have a day—and if we don’t do something about ObamaCare and the CFPB, then it is closer than I imag-ined—when you get your mail, Madam Speaker, and you see: Oh, I have got a letter from the government here. And you open it, and it says: We noticed, when you were at Brookshire’s grocery store the other day, that you bought a pound of bacon; and we also noticed, from your healthcare records, that your cholesterol rate is at this certain level, and so, therefore, since we con-trol your healthcare now and we mon-itor your debit and credit purchases, here is the deal: you are either going to join a health club and start working out once a week and stop buying bacon, or we are going to have to raise the amount you pay in each month. I mean, this is where it goes when you have the Orwellian Big Brother that was advanced more through ObamaCare than anything that has ever occurred in U.S. history. It has got to be repealed. I want to applaud and thank Presi-dent Trump for taking steps today through executive order. He shouldn’t have had to do that. I am very, very grateful he did. God bless him for doing it. But we should have already taken care of that stuff. That is our job. What do we do here in the House? It was contentious. The first bill was a disaster, but we got it to where it actu-ally was going to bring premiums down for the middle class in America. It was going to make their premiums cheaper. It was going to make their deductibles lower. Then we had people in the Sen-ate who got elected on the promise of repealing ObamaCare that voted ‘‘no.’’ We still have to do something. I loved seeing the President’s inter-view with our good friend, Sean Hannity, last night. I love this about President Trump. I think it is why he got elected. When Sean asked him about, basically, is this over, he gets this smile and says: No. We are not giv-ing up, not giving up. The truth is we cannot give up. Peo-ple are counting on us. They don’t know what to do. There are small-business employers like the one in Tyler who told me that a few years ago he was paying $50,000 for his employees’ health insurance. He has the same number of employees, and this year it is $153,000, and he is going to have to start letting people go or drop their insurance. It just cannot continue. People are already taking losses. It can’t continue. Well, with the proper President in place, and here in Congress we have taken some steps to ameliorate some of the damage to jobs in America, things seem to be turning around some. But we actually have to keep our promise, and I think we do that by put-ting a lot more heat on the Senate as the House body, House Republicans. We have got to put pressure on the Senate. Like the President said, this fight can-not be over. Normally, I have been told since my freshman term, you can’t do big things in an election year. But I am beginning to wonder, if America makes it clear to the Republicans in the Senate that you either will keep your promise on ObamaCare, you will keep your prom-ise on tax reform or you will not be back in the Senate, then I think we could buck tradition in this place. The idea was that we were told back in 2006, in January: Okay. Well, we didn’t keep any of our promises last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.076 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8021 October 12, 2017 
year as the Republican majority, but now, you veterans know we are into an even-numbered year. That means it is an election year, so we can’t do any of those big things, because everybody knows you just can’t do big things in an election year or you might lose. Well, it would have been a lot better if we had already done those things, if we had repealed ObamaCare and put a system in place that was affordable, that gave people the healthcare they needed and with actual insurance and encouraged, instead of spending $700, $800, $900, sending it to the insurance company, how about putting $700, $800 in your own medical health savings ac-count you control, debit-card coded where it can only be spent on healthcare, whether it is crutches, medicine, doctor visits, hospital stays, whatever, and you could have a high deductible. We could have a day where $700 goes to your account, $200 goes for catastrophic coverage. That is the kind of thing that we should have been pushing for and gone to, but, instead, we are pouring that money into health insurance companies. Just in case, Madam Speaker, there are those who are already wondering, ‘‘Maybe we should just let the govern-ment take over everything; that has got to be better,’’ I heard on the news again today another horror story. Just when you thought the VA was being cleaned up, here comes another horror story. Some doctor at the VA was allowed to do 80-some-odd surgeries that were unnecessary, inappropriate, or terribly done, even surgeries not even needed at all, on the wrong person, but it had been covered up for some time. Well, when the government is in charge of your healthcare, you can’t expect any more than the lowest common denomi-nator in the government. I am very, very grateful we do have some good doctors, some good nurses in the VA, but I have also talked to good doctors and nurses in the VA who are so frustrated with such an albatross of a system. b1700 Why not just let people—if you want to go to the VA clinic, here is your card, you go. We thought we were doing a good thing, and I think it was a step in the right direction when we were going to allow veterans to go to a civilian clin-ic, hospital, healthcare provider if there was not one within a minimum number of miles. I believe it was 40, but I have heard horror stories about how people have been jerked around and not been allowed to utilize the program as it was designed. Here, again, we come back to what you get when the govern-ment is in charge. We have got to do that. Stuart Varney was asking today again about tax reform. We promised it. We have got to deliver on that. These rumors I hear emanating from people at the Senate side of this build-ing that: Yeah, well, the House can do the reform. They did their ObamaCare repeal and we didn’t pass that, so maybe we won’t do their tax reform package like we are working on. It takes a lot of work to pass a major reform like we did on ObamaCare. It takes even more work, perhaps, to do a significant tax reform package where it becomes simplified, people pay less tax, the economy explodes. You would think it would be a no-brainer, but ap-parently there are too many people up here with no brains and it is not get-ting done. We do have to do that. We promised we would. We have got to do it for the sake of the economy that will make people’s lives so much better. But in the meantime, if we are going to be an effective Congress, we have got to make sure that we maintain proper systems in place that we can do our business without inappropriate outside influence, whether it is coming from Russia or Pakistan. Wherever it is coming from, we need to know and we need to protect ourselves. That is why this Taxed Enough Al-ready Caucus meeting we had, we in-vited people in the tradition of my friend Tim Huelskamp, the former chair of that caucus from Kansas. Just a great guy, a great American. It was great to talk to him recently. Tim started with this caucus having rep-resentatives of outside groups with im-portant information we should share coming in and having Members of Con-gress come in and share information, figure out how we can help get the Na-tion’s business done. We have been concerned about arti-cles we continue to read, especially by Luke Rosiak of The Daily Caller. No one has done more investigation on the issue of the Awan family cohorts that were working here on Capitol Hill for House Members. They happened to be Democratic House Members. I think the same thing could happen where one Republican could say, ‘‘Oh, these folks are great,’’ and before you know it, you have dozens of people having the same IT computer workers working part time. People are allowed to do that, hire somebody part time so it doesn’t overwhelm your budget. Others can hire them part time, but under no cir-cumstances can anybody working on the Hill make more than around $160,000. We found out this week from the lead investigator, oh, not law enforcement, oh, no. FBI, apparently they are not getting anything done, and I will ex-plain why in a moment. But as he has gone around and investigated and asked witnesses questions that have di-rect information about what is going on, Luke Rosiak would also ask: Has anyone from the FBI talked to you, or has any law enforcement talked to you? He said 80 percent of the time the an-swer is no. No one from the FBI has talked to me. No one from any law en-forcement has talked to me. Stag-gering. I hear rumors that there are people from the FBI telling the Department of Justice: Yeah, we have looked into it. There is nothing there. Yeah, just the way the FBI looked into the notice from Russia that the Tsarnaev older brother had been radicalized. What do they do? I know because I have asked Director Mueller after he had run off thousands of years of our best experienced FBI agents, done more damage to the FBI than anybody since Hoover. He has got plenty of young aggressive people with-out enough experience to call him out when he was making mistakes, as he made many. They send out an FBI agent to talk to the older Tsarnaev after the second notice from Russian agents that this guy has been radicalized. He is going to be a threat. But because Director Mueller—now Special Counsel Mueller, who is hiring lawyers and investigators right and left—built up a beautiful, comfortable nest for himself, that same Mueller, as Director of the FBI, had the FBI training materials on rad-ical Islamists purged of anything that might offend radical Islamists. Yes, he was more concerned about the little lunches and dinners he had with CAIR—or the Council of Amer-ican-Islamic Relations—than he was about people being killed in Boston, be-cause if he had, he would have made sure that the Tsarnaev brothers were properly investigated after they got two heads-up. If they had bothered to look, they would have seen where the older Tsarnaev went and would have known he went to a hotbed of radicalism. They would have known to investigate: What has he been reading? What scrip-tures from the Koran has he been read-ing? What has he talked about? Is he doing more memorization? What is his appearance looking like now? Who is he hanging out with? But no. Because he was too con-cerned about what he called the out-reach program to Islamic Americans, he didn’t want to offend anybody. He was more worried about offending somebody than saving the lives and limbs of Bostonians. He created a massive problem at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and now we are turning special counsel over to this man? We heard from Mr. Comey himself that he talked to Mueller even before his testimony before Congress. We heard from he himself that he leaked information that was clearly FBI infor-mation that should not have been leaked. So there is a question of did he com-mit a crime, or did he just commit a breach of FBI ethics? What action should be taken? Oh, no. We have got FBI Director Mueller on the case, and if you go back and look at the Washingtonian back in 2013, they did a big expose on how won-derful Mr. Comey was; and they point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.077 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8022 October 12, 2017 
out in there that, gee, basically if the whole world were on fire, Comey knew there would be one person that would still be standing with him there to pro-tect him, Mr. Mueller; the same guy that is protecting him instead of inves-tigating the leaks that have come from the FBI that appear to have gone through the exact same person through whom he leaked what he admitted. But, no, we have got Mueller, the same man who is going to be there through thick and thin to protect Comey; he is the one investigating. If Jeff Sessions as Attorney General cannot investigate Mr. Comey and his violations, potential breaches of the law, then we need another special counsel, and it sure ain’t going to come from Mr. Rosenstein, that is for sure. We need a special counsel. I think the Attorney General could do it, but I am not sure the extent to which he has recused himself. But this has to be in-vestigated. Unfortunately, because of the damage done to the FBI, I still have questions arise on things they in-vestigate because I know the damage that Mueller did to their training ma-terials, to their ability. As one of our intelligence agents explained, we have blinded ourselves of the ability to see our enemies. But don’t worry, the guy that was the biggest blinder is now the special counsel growing his little bureaucracy. And I am sure, knowing how vengeful he is, when he hears what I have had to say, then he probably will open an in-vestigation on me. That is just how vengeful this man has been. But the truth is the truth. He dam-aged the FBI, running off thousands of years of experienced people. He purged the training materials that would have—and Michele Bachmann and I went through these, and another Con-gressman from Georgia went through some, and there were some things, sure; cartoon stuff, sure; take them out, fine. But there were some things in there very clearly that every FBI agent needs to know to help them spot a radical Islamist, and Mueller blinded them of the opportunity to do that. I will never forget, at one of our hearings, after it was so clear that he was more concerned about offending CAIR than he was of protecting Boston, and he was so defensive, I said: You didn’t even go to the mosque where Tsarnaev went to see if he had been radicalized. After fumbling around, I finally got him to tell me how he thought that was wrong, and he said: We did go to the mosque. And I didn’t hear it at first. Unfortu-nately, I didn’t hear it until I had it played on the video. He said: We did go to that mosque in our outreach program. Oh, the outreach program. Yeah, you didn’t go to investigate Tsarnaev to find out if he had been radicalized by asking questions in the mosque where he worshipped to find out if he was now acting like a radical. And there are clear indications. That is why we don’t have to worry about most Muslims, but you sure need to know what you are looking for. For those that want to call people like me an Islamophobe, well, it is an-other lie. But there are plenty of lies around Washington. I have got enough Muslim friends in the Middle East and Afghanistan and other countries. They know they don’t want radicals. I am so proud of the President of Egypt, el- Sisi, a man who would stand before imams and tell them: We have got to get our religion back from the radicals. That is a courageous great man. We owe him a lot of help. So what do we have here on Capitol Hill? We had guys that apparently never had a background search. And as we found out from the investigator for The Daily Caller, there were actually three or more months of the year when Imran Awan would be in Pakistan doing his job, supposedly making sure Capitol Hill computers were secured. We find out that there was suspicion when they saw this Imran Awan clan. His wife got involved. As we heard, when they would get up to the max-imum amount one person could make on Capitol Hill, they would add another family member, and then they would get up to $160,000; add another family member, get them up; add another fam-ily member. And apparently all of these people didn’t work. b1715 The people that had a lot of experi-ence working at McDonalds probably didn’t have that much experience on computers, but he was still making $160,000 or so a year and, we find out— I had no idea, just this week found out—they were able to gain $6 million to $7 million from the House of Rep-resentatives’ budget. And we find out, gee, one of them, had gotten $100,000 from an individual with known ties to Hezbollah, and we don’t know for what reason, but clearly never came to Capitol Hill. He was put on the payroll of the U.S. House of Representatives, the guy that was owed $100,000 with ties to Hezbollah, and made over $200,000 or so before he was taken off the payroll. That is a good way to pay back a loan, isn’t it? So we had Imran Awan; Hina Alvi, his wife; Abid Awan; Jamal Awan; Rao Abbas; and possibly a couple of others we found out—just incredible that this kind of thing could happen. But the suspicion grew when he was supposed to be working on the com-puter system of Congressman, now at-torney general in California, Becerra. No indication Becerra knew anything was wrong, but people here on the Hill watching this saw there have been 5,700 accesses to his computer system and 5,400, at least, were not from people who should have been getting into his computer system. Then we find out, actually, he downloaded other Members of Con-gress’ servers completely onto Becerra’s server, and, actually, he had 2 terabytes of information that he said was for their child’s homework—a lit-tle child’s homework taking 2 terabytes. But we also know, apparently, from what came out this week, he was downloading dozens of Members’ com-puters onto one server so that anybody he wanted to could access any of that information. Now, there is no indication that clas-sified information was revealed through the access to all these com-puter systems by people who were not hired by that Member of Congress. But we also know—I mean, General Petraeus, I read somewhere that it was actually a calendar that he gave to the lady who was to do a book, that he was having an affair with, that had some stuff that was considered classified. Well, on every Member’s computer system, you get their calendar, you get all their email, you get all their ap-pointments, things that are going on in the office, you get reactions to people who come in over different bills, you get reaction to different things that have been learned in the intelligence community. There are all kinds of things that people would pay a lot of money for. Then we find out, you had a bank-ruptcy in the Awan history, you had domestic violence in the history, and now we find out this week, newly re-ported, that his wife is now upset. We can maybe get some answers now that she is upset because, now, she has found out that not only was he being corrupt to the banks here in the United States and on Capitol Hill, but he also, without his wife’s knowledge, married another lady. So that may help bring his first wife around to giving us more information about just how bad things got. But the report was, this week, inves-tigators with the IG’s office here on Capitol Hill have been quietly tracking the five IT workers—that is, the Awan group—their digital footprints for months. They were alarmed by what they saw. The employees, the Awans, appeared to be accessing congressional servers without authorization, an indication that they ‘‘could be reading and/or re-moving information,’’ according to the documents distributed at the pre-viously unreported private briefings. So I know that there are people who have reported here on Capitol Hill, well, it is being looked into, but there is no evidence of crime. Really? Because we have also learned that there may have been hundreds of vouchers filed falsely for, say, an $800 iPad. But if you say that it is under $500, then it doesn’t go in the inven-tory, and it is easier to steal and sell, for example, hypothetically, in Paki-stan, where there are reports that he sent technological systems and sold them to make extra money. We know that he was not truthful and honest in his financial disclosures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.079 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8023 October 12, 2017 
That can be a crime. But just one voucher where you claim something only cost $490 and the server system cost $310 when you know that item ac-tually cost $800 and should go into the inventory, that could be a crime. It ap-pears that happened countless times, but we need to be trying to count any-way. We know that there were many pieces of computer equipment found at his home after FBI agents said his wife appeared to be fleeing, to not come back, even though she had a trip back. We don’t know what representations have been made to get her to come back, but we know that the tenants who leased the house where they fled from had been threatened by Imran Awan’s lawyer for allowing law en-forcement to have access to that com-puter equipment that was there at his house. Hard drives appeared to be de-stroyed so they could not be properly investigated. We got a report that one of the group appeared to be home most of the time and was not here in Washington, D.C. But what a great gig, when you can make $160,000 a year for servicing com-puter equipment. And it appears all of these five, six, seven people in this group didn’t have competence to do computer or IT work, yet they were sure making a good living doing it. But for those who continue to say ‘‘we just don’t think there is much there,’’ all that should tell you is the report by Luke Rosiak, of all the wit-nesses to this whole sordid matter, only about 20 percent of them have ever been interviewed by FBI or law enforcement. It tells you somebody around here in this town, this Hill, somebody does not want to get to the bottom of this. If law enforcement wants to get to the bottom of this, they will get to the bottom of it. Kind of like Benghazi, if we really wanted to get to the bottom of it, we would do like Judicial Watch and be re-lentless till we got to the bottom of it. We haven’t gotten there yet. So, Mr. Speaker, there is a lot that needs to be investigated, a lot that needs to be done. We need—somebody, sounds like, needs to be investigating Mr. Mueller, but certainly needs to be investigating the various leaks that appear to have come from Mr. Comey through the same sources as the one he admitted. That has got to be inves-tigated. And Mueller can’t do it and, apparently, the current Attorney Gen-eral can’t. We have got to have some-body appointed to get to the bottom of what was happening at the DOJ during last year when an election was going on. We need to have an investigation to thoroughly get into this matter of hav-ing a U.N.—our representative to the U.N. is unmasking American informa-tion. We were assured that kind of thing would not happen if we would just reauthorize that program: Oh, no, no. If there are Americans who happen to be incidentally picked up by the monitors, the wiretap, by listening in on conversations, look, if there is an American, we mask the name. You can’t just get that. You are protected. It is minimized. Well, we find out that wasn’t true, that anybody that wants to go skipping and looking into any political oppo-nents can do that if you are corrupt enough. And if you are corrupt enough and you have corrupted other people, then it won’t be investigated. Maybe there are things other people around here don’t want found out, but it is time we cleaned up the mess that has been left here, we clean up the wiretapping capability. It is coming up for reauthorization here. It has got to be done before the end of December, and I still need a lot of answers before I could even consider doing that. In the meantime, Mr. Speaker, we have got to help the American people by keeping our promises. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS IN PAKISTAN AND SINDH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) for 30 min-utes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for yielding me 30 minutes, more than enough time to deliver three sepa-rate speeches that I have prepared for presentation. The first two are in-formed, or two of these speeches are in-formed. The first and the third are in-formed by my 20 years of experience on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the second speech I will deliver is informed by 40 years as a CPA in the world of taxation. Mr. Speaker, I am the ranking mem-ber on the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee and the founder of the Sindh Caucus. In those two roles, I have focused on human rights and the rule of law in Pakistan, and particu-larly in its perhaps largest province, Sindh, comprising most of southern Pakistan. We have dedicated ourselves in the Sindh Caucus to efforts to preserve the culture and the language of the Sindhi people, and particularly their dedica-tion to religious tolerance. Unfortu-nately, the human rights picture in Pakistan and in Sindh are not good. I would like to say a few words about the disappearance of Punhal Sario, the leader of the Voice for Missing Persons of Sindh movement, and about the very serious problem of disappearances in Sindh in southern Pakistan. Just this past summer, Punhal Sario led a march between Sindh’s two major cities, Hyderabad to Karachi, demand-ing accountability for Sindhi activists who have been abducted by Pakistani security forces or simply disappeared. Where is Punhal now? It appears that he, too, has fallen victim to the very serious forces that he marched against. b1730 Punhal’s case is hardly an isolated one. The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan reported that over 700 people disappeared, were kidnapped, and never heard of again in Pakistan in the year 2016 alone. In the past year, the United Nations Human Rights Committee, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, and the State Department’s own Re-port on Human Rights have all noted serious concerns about extrajudicial and targeted killings and disappear-ances in Pakistan and, particularly, in Sindh. Elements of the government or mili-tary see an opportunity to simply make their opponents disappear. Here are a few particulars. In 2016, Amnesty International reported that the Paki-stani security forces had, and these are their words, ‘‘committed human rights violations with almost total impu-nity.’’ While Human Rights Watch observed that, ‘‘law enforcement and security agencies remained unaccountable for human rights violations.’’ The State Department itself noted in Pakistan, ‘‘the most serious human rights problems were extrajudicial and targeted killings disappearances, tor-ture, the lack of the rule of law.’’ Two years ago, in 2015, Sindhi leader Dr. Anwar Laghari was brutally mur-dered in Pakistan. Days before his death, he had sent a memorandum to President Barack Obama about human rights violations by the Pakistani mili-tary and its ISI, the Inter-Services In-telligence, agency, an important part of the Pakistani military. I attended a memorial service for Dr. Laghari here in Washington and have come to know of his work for human rights for the Sindhi people of southern Pakistan. The Pakistani Government has not been responsive to numerous inquiries into the reason for Dr. Laghari’s death and for why his per-petrators have not been brought to jus-tice. Two months ago, on August 18, I sent a letter to the Acting Assistant Sec-retary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs and the U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan expressing strong concerns about human rights violations of the Pakistani Government in Sindh. Six of my House colleagues—three Democrats and three Republicans—joined me in that effort. There are other human rights con-cerns in Pakistan that I should also bring to the attention of this House. The people of Sindh face religious ex-tremist attacks. ISIS, for example, claimed responsibility for an attack on a Sufi shrine in Sindh that killed 80 people. Yet the government has not acted to protect religious minorities and, in general, has not acted to pro-tect the people of Sindh from Islamic extremism. In addition, in Sindh, there are forced conversions of Sindhi girls be-longing to minority communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.080 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8024 October 12, 2017 
While the numbers are unclear, reports suggest that every year perhaps 1,000 girls and young women in Pakistan, in-cluding many in Sindh, are forcibly converted upon a marriage, not of their choice, to Muslim men. The Pakistani Government has not done enough to stop this practice, and reform measures have been circumvented and not en-forced. Human rights abuses of this type cannot go unanswered. Activists dis-appear under suspicious circumstances. It is our obligation to speak out and demand accountability. These dis-appearances and other violations of human rights should be a major topic of conversation in all bilateral discus-sions between our government and the government in Islamabad. 
TAX PROPOSAL DELETES DEDUCTIONS  
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker I would like to move on to a second speech, one dealing with the tax pro-posal of the Trump administration. The provisions I would like to focus on chiefly are those involving taking away the deductions, the itemized de-ductions that so many Americans take to reduce their tax liability. Now, these deductions are eliminated on the theory that, oh, they just go to the wealthy, and, for those purposes, they define the wealthy as the wealthi-est 30 percent or so of the American people—say a family with an income of $100,000 or $150,000. We are told that is the same thing as increasing taxes on the top one-tenth of 1 percent, say a family with an income of $1 million or $2 million a year. There is a difference in the ability to pay of those two typical families, typi-fying their income brackets. The fact is, that taxing hardworking families with incomes of $100,000 or $150,000, in order to provide reduced tax rates for those with incomes of $1 million or $2 million, makes our tax system more re-gressive. You cannot put the entire top 30 percent in one category for these in-come calculations. That is why, and that is only one rea-son why, I oppose the elimination of the home mortgage deduction. Another reason that I oppose it is elimination of the home mortgage deduction and reduction for local property taxes will probably decrease the value of homes by 20 percent, is the best estimate I have seen. Well, if you lose 20 percent of the value of your home, you may very well lose all of the equity in your home. How is that going to affect the econ-omy? How is that going to affect the ability of homeowners to go and spend money in their communities and sup-port the economy of their commu-nities? What does it do to the Federal budget when we are responsible through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for under-writing home mortgages? We know that if you wipe out the equity of many homeowners in their homes, this can lead to defaults and cost the Federal Government perhaps more than we give up by having a home mortgage deduc-tion. Another element to keep in mind is that the entire idea of an income tax is that we tax people based on their abil-ity to pay. If you are in a State with high income taxes, high property taxes, that diminishes your ability to pay. If you make a certain salary and money is taken out by your State government before you ever see it, your ability to pay is only on that net paycheck. It is simply wrong to take away the deduction for State and local taxes. But make no mistake about it, the pur-pose of removing that deduction is not just to hurt the top 30, or 40 percent, or 50 percent of the American people who itemize their deductions, it is designed to punish those who are dependent on State and local government. All the conservative theorists say: If we can just eliminate the deduction for State and local taxes, we will cut the size of State and local governments. We will create a political atmosphere in which they slash money for local schools, slash money for local health programs for the poor, slash money for police. Who will be hurt from those cuts? Not just the top 30 percent or 50 per-cent, but everyone in America, most particularly, the poor. Finally, I want to focus on the med-ical deduction. They take away the medical deduction in this program, this proposal of the Trump administration. Now, keep in mind that we already have severe limits on deducting med-ical expenses. You can deduct medical expenses only if they exceed 10 percent of your family’s income. So medical ex-penses are itemized and deducted only by those families including someone with very significant health costs. Now, we have worked hard in this House to make sure that people have health insurance. But even with health insurance, there are copays; there are deductibles. These can be absorbed in a family budget where no one has a par-ticular strong medical need. But what if there is some member of the family who needs experimental treatments that are not covered, therapies that are not covered? Under the present system, at least they get to deduct these extraor-dinary—not the first 10 percent of AGI, of adjusted gross income—but when they start spending out-of-pocket costs in excess of 10 percent income, they can take a tax deduction—a tax deduc-tion taken away in the Trump tax pro-posal. I speak not just as someone who spent a lot of time as a tax expert who headed the second largest tax agency in the country, but as the father of a child with special needs. What does this tax proposal mean for such a fam-ily? Well, first, there is a cut in Fed-eral revenue under this proposal of be-tween $150 billion and $200 billion a year. Deficit hawks will demand that these revenue cuts be matched by cuts to Federal spending. What does that do to the $13 billion the Federal Government dedicates to the implementation of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, IDEA, also known as special education? And what do these cuts in our Federal ex-penditures mean to the $293 million that are spent by the National Insti-tutes of Health on research designed to prevent and treat autism and atten-tion-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, ADHD? So the first impact on a family with special needs is a slashing of the money the Federal Government spends for spe-cial education and medical research. But second, I talked about those out- of-pocket medical expenses. Parents with special-needs children know that health insurance pays only a portion of what is needed, or perhaps none of what is needed, for behavioral therapy, speech therapy, occupational therapy, physical therapy, developmental pedia-tricians, neuropsychological services, et cetera. Medical insurance will pay nothing toward anything branded an experi-mental treatment, and, of course, med-ical insurance does not cover special schools required to meet the needs of some special-needs children. Under current law, a special school designed to meet those with a physical or mental handicap are considered medical expenses. All of these tax de-ductions are taken away from a family whose ability to pay is diminished by the costs of providing these therapies to a special-needs child. In addition, right now, the tax law provides a personal exemption of $4,050 for each dependent child. The Trump administration proposal takes that away. It does say, in some vague lan-guage, that there will be a child tax credit to compensate parents who are losing the personal exemption. But this credit will be limited to children 16 years of age and younger. So what about parents supporting children in their teenage years, and older? Remember, some special-needs children will need parental support for a lifetime. Those parents lose the ex-emption and are ineligible for this credit available only to parents of younger children. But perhaps parents of children with special needs should support the Trump tax program. While it will tremen-dously increase their taxes, while it will cut Federal expenditures on spe-cial education and on health research and medical research, parents of chil-dren with special needs can take solace in knowing that this plan will reduce taxes for the Trump family by over $1 billion in estate taxes and by tens of millions of dollars in income tax. Perhaps we should tell parents of spe-cial-needs children that they should stop worrying so much about their children and start worrying about Don-ald Trump’s children. If they did, they would support the Trump tax proposal. 
IRAN NUCLEAR CONTROL DEAL  
Mr. SHERMAN. Finally, Mr. Speak-er, I would like to address the issue of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.082 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8025 October 12, 2017 
Iran and the nuclear deal, nuclear con-trol deal that we signed with Iran. First, a little background. In 1997, I said at the Foreign Affairs Committee that Iran and its nuclear program were the number one threat to American na-tional security. b1745 For the last 20 years, I have sup-ported every effort to impose sanctions on the Iranian regime. When the Iran nuclear deal was finalized and pub-lished, I was the first of either party to come to this floor and say that Con-gress should not vote to endorse that deal. But the question before us now is: Should we renounce the deal? Now, it would be one thing if Iran de-cides that we are so tough on them on other issues that they choose to re-nounce the deal, but that is not the issue before us today. The issue before us today is whether America should re-nounce the deal, and the resounding and clear answer is that is not some-thing we should do at this time. Now, I will give you an example. Let’s say you bought a flawed auto-mobile. In some jurisdictions, you take back the automobile and you get back your money. But what opponents— what some are proposing now is that we renounce the deal. Imagine you are in a jurisdiction where you have to take back the car and the dealer keeps your money, too. Taking back the car doesn’t look like such a good idea any-more. Now, like a flawed automobile, the Iran nuclear deal is liable to not be working next decade. But that doesn’t mean you take back the car and the dealer keeps the money. What happens if we renounce the deal? Iran keeps the money. We unfroze very roughly $100 billion of their money. If we renounce the deal, they keep the money. We delivered over $1 billion in currency on big pallets. If we renounce the deal, Iran keeps the money. If we renounce the deal, Iran is liberated from all of the restrictions that it agreed to on its nuclear pro-gram. I opposed the deal because the re-strictions on Iran’s nuclear program in the deal were temporary. I believe we need to extend and enforce those limi-tations on their nuclear program. If you listen to the Prime Minister of Israel, Bibi Netanyahu, he has identi-fied the fact that we have not been able to extend and make permanent the limitations on Iran’s nuclear program as the chief flaw in the deal and the chief thing to correct to turn it into a better deal. But if we renounce the deal, we don’t extend and enforce the limitations on Iran’s nuclear program, we end and eliminate immediately the restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program. I cannot think of a worse result. Now, there are two mechanisms that we could use as a nation to renounce the deal, give Iran all the benefits, and liberate them from all their obliga-tions. The first of these is on our mind now because it could be triggered on October 15. That is the day on which the President could, in effect, decertify this deal under the Iran Nuclear Re-view Act. I hope that, if he does that, the press will not overplay it, because a decertification does nothing more than focus Congress’ attention on whether we want to reinstitute the exact sanctions that were waived as part of the nuclear deal. A decertifica-tion does nothing more than focus our attention and, over in the Senate, pro-vide for a reinstitution of the old sanc-tions. Now, I don’t think that Congress would be stupid enough to do that be-cause, as I have explained, if we re-nounce the deal, Iran keeps the bene-fits and is liberated from its obliga-tions. But the President should not decer-tify the deal and focus the world’s at-tention on whether America will stand with the deal at this time. The second way that America could renounce the deal will occur next Janu-ary because the basic element of the deal—the basic thing Iran got from the United States—was an agreement that the President would, every 4 months to 6 months, it depends on the exact stat-ute, waive particular identified sanc-tions. As it happens, the existing waiv-ers all expire in the middle of next Jan-uary. If the President were to fail to issue those waivers, that would be an American renunciation of the deal. So it does not meet our national security objectives to renounce the deal. What meets our national security ob-jectives is to impose tough sanctions on Iran, draft those sanctions care-fully, and explain them to the world not as a renunciation of the deal, but as appropriate sanctions given Iran’s non-nuclear, outside-the-deal, wrongful behavior. Now, the question is: Can we have sanctions on Iran and continue to force them to abide by the deal? The answer is clearly yes. In July of 2015, Secretary Kerry came before our committee, and I raised this very issue: If we adopt the deal, can we impose sanctions on the Central Bank of Iran to deter terrorism? Or would that violate this agreement? I specifically asked: Are Congress and the United States free under the agree-ment to adopt new sanctions legisla-tion that will remain in force as long as Iran holds American hostages or supports the murderous Assad regime? Secretary Kerry’s answers were clear. He stated: We are free to adopt additional sanctions as long as they are not a phony excuse for just taking the whole pot of past ones and putting them back. So we can and should impose new sanctions on Iran to the extent justi-fied by Iran’s behavior outside the area of nuclear research and uranium en-richment. Look at that as an oppor-tunity because you could make a list of every sanction any one of us here on this floor has thought of. And add in the creativity of the United States Senate and make a list of every sanc-tion we could impose, I assure you that those sanctions and more are justified by the non-nuclear evil committed by the regime in Tehran. Iran is more responsible than Russia for the hundreds of thousands of deaths in Syria. The lifeline of Assad’s mur-derous regime is a lifeline to the aid, money, weapons, thugs, and training that Iran has provided—hundreds of thousands of deaths, an immoral re-sponsibility of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Turn to Yemen, where tens of thou-sands of people have died because of Iran. Look at worldwide terrorism, and Iran is the number one state sponsor of terrorism year after year, according to our State Department. Look at the treatment by Iran of its own people, the murders by the state of anyone they identify as being part of the LGBT community, the murders by the state of women—it is usually women— accused of adultery. The evil that comes from the Islamic Republic far exceeds the ability of this House to identify sanction points. That is why the proper policy for the United States is to impose the maximum sanc-tions and to explain to the world that this is not a phony renunciation of the nuclear deal, but it is the appropriate response to Iran’s actions that are out-side of the nuclear deal. If we do that, we will have substan-tial support from Europe, Asia, and elsewhere first for demanding that Iran continue to be subject to all the nu-clear limitations and inspections that they agreed to under the deal and which continue to be enforced well in the next decade. What we shall do next decade, well, I will come back here and give another speech next decade. But at least many years deep in the next decade, this deal provides us with valuable limitations and valuable inspections of the Iran nuclear program, and Europe will in-sist that those be adhered to. Second, Europe may join us in the sanctions when we sanction Iran for its actions in Syria, its actions to its own people, its actions in Yemen. One more I should add, and that is Iran’s viola-tion of U.N. Security Council resolu-tions by testing and developing mis-siles and exporting weapons. So if we stick with the deal and we sanction Iran, they may choose—if those sanctions are as effective as I think they can be—to walk away from the deal. But if they do, we will have the whole world with us enforcing sanctions against Iran. Now, there is one part of the policy I put forward that may not meet the psychological needs of the President of the United States, for he has shown an uncontrollable personal need to pour disgusting liquids on anything associ-ated with President Obama. Maybe it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.083 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8026 October 12, 2017 
meets his psychological needs to say he is renouncing the nuclear deal. But the fact is we don’t have to renounce the nuclear deal and liberate Iran from its obligations in order to impose the toughest imaginable sanctions on this regime that is doing so much evil. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE RIGHT OF SELF- DETERMINATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, let me just note I believe that our President is doing a terrific job. I think that the last Presidents of the United States have left us an incredibly dan-gerous situation, and this President is trying to deal with it with strength and purpose, and, yes, being a forceful leader. For example, during the Clinton ad-ministration, we provided $4 billion to $5 billion to North Korea, the same way the last administration tried to provide funds for Iran. What do we have now? A crisis with possible nuclear weap-ons and missiles in North Korea. That is called kicking the can down the road. They sure kicked it down to us, and now the people want to kick the can down the road with the Iranians. No, let’s not do that again and leave future generations to face the music that we left them. Our President wants to make sure that Iran does not become a nuclear power as long as it is controlled by rad-ical, fanatic mullahs who don’t even represent their own people. In fact, if Iran was more peaceful and actually more democratic, then we wouldn’t have to worry about that because they wouldn’t want to have a wasteful pro-gram of nuclear weapons. Those are the type of issues we face today. We face a lot of uncertainties at home and abroad, and it behooves us to look for explanations for the shifts in power, the dangers, and the influence that are taking place in the world today. Europe, along with the United States, for five decades, seemed to be the center of world order and progress. NATO, the European Union, and the common market all seemed to be the epitome of sophisticated and proper governance needed to offset humankind’s destructive and com-bative inclinations. World Wars I and II had undercut, if not destroyed, the ex-pansion of classical liberalism that was in the process of retiring royalist and imperialist domination of the world, which, of course, is where the world was at the turn and the beginning of the 20th century as classical liberalism began to replace imperialism and mon-archy. Yes, the two World Wars that we ex-perienced were traumas that still im-pact our lives. The Treaty of Versailles that ended World War I was the last gasp of European colonialism. b1800 Maps drawn at that international gathering brought on World War II. Some of those other lines that they drew on that map plague us to this day. Those national borders mandated by the Versailles Treaty made the world temporarily tranquil. Maybe we just heard about that a few moments ago, how we have got to overcome the trag-edy right now, like we did in Korea, by not having confrontations with those people who were engaged in hostile ac-tivity. Yes, the Treaty of Versailles gave the world temporary tranquility, but doomed following generations to insta-bility and conflict. Such future chal-lenges were left to the League of Na-tions. When that failed, the baton was passed to the United Nations. Humanity, obviously, hoped that global government, in one form or the other, would solve everything. The EU, the common market, NATO, and other multinational bureaucracies would demonstrate how nation-states can co-operate and achieve a collective peace, freedom, and prosperity. Well, just as things changed dramati-cally after the 19th century turned into the 20th century, and it became a dif-ferent world, so, too, is our world changing. We must make sure that we have turned from the 20th century into the 21st. The 20th century was dominated by the wars and by the defeat of the So-viet Union. Yet we are plagued with conflicts and upheavals that can be traced back to border and sovereign de-cisions made long ago by people who are now dead, not only from the 20th century, but, as I said, from the end of World War I. Many of the confrontations between various nationalities that we face today could be solved and the greatest threats of violence, insurrection, and war itself could be defused if our world would again recognize the right of self- determination. It seems to have been forgotten that the United States was not only founded on the principles of liberty and inde-pendence, but also of the right of peo-ple to demand their rights, and, yes, that right of independence. They had a right to declare their independence. This was the revolutionary idea that people have a right to select their gov-ernment. This was the revolutionary idea that gave our Founding Fathers and Mothers the moral high ground to free themselves from the British Em-pire. Without this, they probably would not have won, if it were just a battle between powermongers. No. This was what the fundamental beliefs were: life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness, but also the right of people to declare themselves free and independent to create a country based on shared beliefs and shared ideals and values. This is what we hope—those shared values and beliefs in liberty and jus-tice—are the things that unite us today. That is what united had our Founding Fathers and Mothers and that is what made us a nation. After all, we don’t have one race or one reli-gion or one ethnic group to identify us as being Americans and create that unity. But that said, there are many other countries of the world whose nation-alism and patriotism are based on the fact that they have an identity with other people that share their cultural and racial identities. This is what unites them as a people. They are eth-nically the same, they are culturally the same, and they have the same type of national and racial roots in their past. Yes, this is what most countries are like. That is what defines a nation-ality. Recognizing that people of simi-lar values and culture do not want to live in the subjugation of others has been ignored and/or rejected by the powers that be throughout the world. So we live in a world where this idea of just recognizing that people want to be like people with similar people. For example, you have differences between Catholics and Protestants in many areas of the world. Yes, they like to have people who maybe speak their same language and have the same culture, enjoy the same music. There is nothing wrong with people identifying others as being part of their national family. We should promote that as a positive, rather than as a negative. We should encourage people to work together. There are many, for example, Jewish charities, which is wonderful that Jew-ish people now, because they have gone through a certain amount of oppression throughout the world, take care of each other in Jewish charities. We have that. We have Catholic schools and dif-ferent things. Yes, it is meant because people do share certain values that they can work together on. That is a good thing. However, the idea that people like that might want to be in their own country, which is what our Founding Fathers said, because it was only shared values, it wasn’t specific that we wanted free-dom of religion for all people. Well, today the world is threatened by people who want to be independent of domination of others who don’t share their same values and their na-tionality. The reason why it is being rejected is basically by the power bro-kers throughout the world because it threatens those in power with losing authority over people who don’t want to live under their domination. That is what self-determination is all about: letting people decide their own fate. If a majority of people in an area want to be independent of a country, that is what they should be, according to our Declaration of Independence. And this is something that brings a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.085 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8027 October 12, 2017 
more peaceful world, rather than try-ing to have subjugation of one people by another. There has been a major cause of con-flict in the world today when people don’t recognize that, yes, there are others who feel that they are being op-pressed by being forced under the juris-diction of a particular government. They would like to have their own independence. This, of course, has been especially true where people, since the end of the Cold War, have started looking at their own self-identification. When the right of self-determination is recognized, dis-putes are usually settled peacefully, as happened when, for example, after the fall of communism, the Czechs and the Slovaks, who had one country before, under the Treaty of Versailles, Czecho-slovakia became the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic. Well, that is fine. It is a good thing that they were able to separate. Now they can be friends. But when they were one country, if the Czechs and Slovaks felt like they were being oppressed, they weren’t sat-isfied. It was a good thing to permit them right off the bat: If you don’t want to be part of the country with us, yes, you can be a separate country. Otherwise, there would have been tur-moil at one level or another. We also saw a peaceful solution in countries like Slovenia. Yugoslavia was breaking up, Tito was dead, the Cold War was over, and guess what. Slovenia and a bunch of other republics within Yugoslavia wanted to be inde-pendent, and they were able to do it. Well, perhaps they were able to do it because the Serbs had already launched attacks on the Croatians and the Kosovars and other people in Yugo-slavia that now was splitting apart be-cause these people wanted to be inde-pendent and free, but the Serbs at-tacked them. They didn’t attack Slovenia, because I think by that time they realized that they could not succeed going to war with all of these various groups. Had the Kosovars and the Croatians been free to go and separate and become independent countries—as Croatia is today, and as the Kosovars would like to be, and as we are trying to help them to be—that would have been bet-ter for Serbia. It would have been bet-ter for everybody. There would have probably been by now an agreement for some kind of free trade zone. Instead, when the Serbs used force to keep those people under its jurisdic-tion, we had violence throughout the Balkans that has lasted for several dec-ades. That is a tragedy. We should be working today in the Balkans. Let me just note that the Serbs today are an example of people who are reaching out, for example, to the Kosovars and others to try to find peaceful solutions and trying to come to some agreements that will make peace more likely. But, again, if you would have had people who were under their thumb, nobody would be talking to them be-cause they would be afraid of them. No. People who treat other people as equals and have rights as people in the world, they are more likely to reach under-standings that are of mutual coopera-tion that will bring peace to the world. I am not trying to say you have to submit yourself to some other group of people. The former Soviet Union, Ukraine, and other of the so-called So-viet republics were actually permitted at the end of the Cold War to, basi-cally, peacefully establish their own independence. I know it is not as sim-ple as that, but it happened in a peace-ful way in which thousands of lives were not lost trying to force groups of people who do not want to be under Moscow’s control. Those people, whether Ukraine or elsewhere in the Baltics or the Bal-kans, had the right—and also in Cen-tral Asia—and people were permitted to have, basically, an independent gov-ernment free from being only sup-pressed by Moscow and have to follow its orders. That happened relatively peacefully. Had that not happened, there probably would be conflict throughout that part of the world today. There certainly would have been, as communism fal-tered in Russia itself. So it took a lot of prodding for us to make sure that the Russians in the So-viet Union, in Moscow, understood that they could not keep people under their thumb. It was the Cold War. Thank God, we ended the Cold War peacefully, because that was the great gift that Ronald Reagan gave to us. I am very proud to have served with Ronald Reagan for 7 years in the White House as a senior speechwriter to the President for 7
1⁄2years, as well as being a Special Assistant to the President and very involved with his efforts to try to move peace in the world. A lot of it was peace by recognizing people’s right to independence. Look back, for example—Ronald Reagan was an Irish American—at the needless violence that the British per-petrated and what happened in Ireland because the British insisted that the Irish be kept under British rule for so long, when it was clear that the Irish people wanted to be independent of Great Britain. Look at what happened, in contrast, in Singapore and Malaysia, where the British just peacefully permitted those countries that were basically under the domination—they were part of Great Britain and the British Empire—to leave and establish their independence peacefully. Then Malaysia and Singa-pore separated from Great Britain, and then separated from each other, peace-fully. But in any one of these cases, if somebody demanded that these people stay in this particular status within this particular government, there would have been a lot more violence. When self-determination is respected, peace is more likely. When a people are subjugated to the orders of a govern-ment in a country they don’t want to be part of, violence is more likely. How easy is that? Special interests and power elites throughout the world are not so in-clined to this obvious reason. Why? Because it is not in their interest to let people just go when they have them right there under their control. So let’s look at a few examples where self-determination has manifest itself in conflict. Today, one of the greatest conflict areas of the world is the Middle East. Again, many of the conflicts that we have seen, if not a majority, can be traced right back to the Treaty of Versailles, right back to World War I, and the decisions of colonialists and imperialists and royalists to draw bor-ders in the Middle East, just as they did in Africa and elsewhere, which made no sense. Yes, we ended up separating whole nations. For example, one nation of people that we are aware of today are the Kurds. The Kurds were separated into various countries in the Treaty of Versailles by these British and French colonialists. And we are supposed to just abide by their decision of what the borders should be today, 100 years later? No, I don’t think so. b1815 The Kurds, of course, were not living just subjugating themselves to what they had been dictated. No, the Kurds have been our greatest ally in the fight against radical Islamic terrorism, and what they are doing today and what they just voted on recently was they had a vote to determine if their people wanted self-determination and wanted to be an independent country from Iraq. Yes, that was a good thing, and we should recognize that. They won over-whelmingly, and we should look at the map of—we should say a map of the Middle East needs to be changed so you can have a Kurdistan that flows all the way from Turkey and Iraq and Iran and Syria. There are more, for example, Kurds in Iran than there are in Iraq. In Turkey, there are more Kurds, and, of course, in Syria. This should be a modern country. Why are we letting this turmoil go on when our greatest allies are looking for their own self-determination and these other countries are becoming or are al-ready our enemies? Yes, it will behoove the United States to support the inde-pendence of Kurdistan and all the Kurds. We should support in bringing together these Kurdish people as a na-tion, because that is what they are. They are a nation without a state. Let them have their country. There has been so much bloodshed in trying to repress the Kurds from the Iranians, from the mullah regime, but also the Shah before him. The Kurds were oppressed by Saddam Hussein, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.086 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8028 October 12, 2017 
and right now, what we have is a re-pression of people even in Iran where the mullah regime is oppressing not only the rest of its people, not only the other people who make up Iran, but the Kurds, in particular. Look at what is going on with the Baloch, for example. Now, a small group—there are groups of people. There is an area in Iran where the vast majority of people are of the Baloch extraction. They would like their inde-pendence. They deserve their right to self-determination, and they are not suffering from the oppression of Iran. By the way, if we are going to try to deal with Iran, let’s not ratchet up our military and threaten to attack them that way. Let’s ratchet up our support for people like the Kurds and the Baloch and the Azaris and other people who live in Iran who don’t like the op-pression of the mullahs, and we can even be supportive of the Persian peo-ple who hate the mullah regime. These are not our enemies in Iran. It is the mullah regime, the fanatics that would drop a bomb on us and not even think twice because they think they are doing God’s work. They are the enemy. So we need to be supporting, for example, the Baloch, when I talk about in Iran. The Baloch are also per-secuted, mainly persecuted by the Pakistanis who have them under their thumb, and they murder people con-stantly. They pick these young people up and they murder them, and then they drop their bodies in little villages just to show people what is going to happen to them if they try to resist Pakistani authority. This is the history of Pakistan. Right now they are doing it to the Baloch, to the Sindhis, to the Singhs, you name it. You have got just a group of peo-ple—except for, of course, the Punjabis and then others, the Pashtuns who con-trol that Government in Pakistan. Well, remember what happened be-fore. We have seen it before. When the people of Bangladesh wanted to be a little independent of the Pakistani Government, have some way to, you know, control their own lives and con-trol their own government, they were brutally repressed by the Pakistani Government, and that is what led to, basically, the uprising of the people in Bangladesh when they freed them-selves. Remember, that same type of oppres-sion is continuing not only on the Baloch, but, for example, the popu-lations that came over from India, after India and Pakistan split. A lot of them went to Karachi. Those people in Karachi now, there are people who want to have Karachi—it is like a Singapore of that part of the world, an independent. That is what they want to do because they have a right of self-de-termination. They don’t want to be subjugated by this corrupt, militaristic, proterrorist Government in Pakistan. We should be siding with people like that who want their independence and believe in these same values that we believe in. Another example of that, of course, is what we see in Spain today. Today, of course, now there are groups of people who live in Catalonia. Catalonia is a province with a long history in Spain. People identify themselves as Catalonians. Yes, Spanish, but also Catalonians. They should have a right to vote on whether or not they want to remain part of Spain, whether or not they give up their sovereignty to a cen-tral government in Madrid or do they want to have a government of Catalonia that they can have their own government, and yes, their own sov-ereignty. Well, the Spanish overreaction to the efforts of the Catalonians just to have a poll—basically it was a vote on inde-pendence, but it was—you know, basi-cally it had to be recognized for it to have effect. But instead of letting them do this and just saying, ‘‘Well, it has no legal effect,’’ instead, the Spanish Gov-ernment came down with brute force and conducted violence, as you would think violence coming from terrorists would exert on a group of people in Spain. It was their own government that was exercising violence and force and intimidation against the people of Catalonia. Now, of course, the people of Catalonia are united because they know the brutality and subjugation of what is going on with Madrid. Now, the British knew how to do it. Unlike Madrid and Spain, the British permitted their people in Scotland to have a vote, and that was a wonderful thing. The Scots had their vote, there was no interference, and if they didn’t want to be part of Great Britain, they didn’t have to be, and that was a won-derful example to the world of how you should do this. Now, the Scots decided to stay part of England, part of Great Britain. That is fine, but they had their chance. The people in Spain weren’t given that chance. No, instead their government came down and beat them up when they tried to go to the polls. And let’s say also, the British seemed also to be demonstrating, they believe, in self-de-termination. They are exiting—they are taking the Brexit issue of whether or not you should have Britain as part of the EU and the common market. That vote that they allowed their people to de-cide, it wasn’t decided by an elite. The Brexit vote let all the people of Britain decide whether or not they were going to be basically part of a subjugated people in Europe or whether they were going to be an independent force and a nation, which is their history as a peo-ple of Great Britain. I am proud that they permitted Scot-land to vote, and I am also proud that they voted not to subjugate themselves to the EU and to the common market, et cetera. We need to make sure that we stay true to our principles and have a vision about what this world will be. If you are just looking at things of what we can do every day, Ronald Reagan suc-ceeded because he had a vision of a peaceful world based on those indi-vidual rights and those concepts of freedom and democracy that were at the heart of the American experience, but also an America that encompassed people from all over the world. Reagan had a vision, and it wasn’t to get into a war with the Soviet Union and destroy communism. Reagan’s vi-sion was let’s have—yes, we have to have strength in our military in order to defeat this enemy of Soviet com-munism, because it was threatening the world peace. It was taking over countries and overthrowing govern-ments and replacing them with atheist dictatorships. Reagan knew we had to stop that. Just like today, our primary enemy today is no longer the Soviet Union be-cause Reagan helped eliminate the So-viet Union, the communist threat. The threat today is radical Islamic terror-ists who will murder our people and are murdering people all over the world and murdering people in their own countries in order to terrorize them into submission. Well, the bottom line is, Ronald Rea-gan’s vision succeeded with Russia be-cause, at that time, it was the Soviet Union, and now we have a Russia that we have so much more potential. Now, there are a lot of flaws. There are a lot of flaws in the Russian Gov-ernment, and there are things that we have to make sure that we are taking care of and standing firm on, but, by and large, we have to understand that they, today, are being attacked and murdered by radical Islamic terrorists as well. They know that, and they know the dangers that we face because they face a common danger. We need to work to build a new alli-ance because what is happening is, Islam is making such inroads into the stupidity of our western European al-lies that the western Europe that we know—here again, time is going on, 19th century into the 20th century. Now we are in the 21st century. The 21st century will see that Europe be-comes a whole different place than what it has been for the last 150 or 200 years. There will be Islamic countries in Europe, and they will be, then, either part of or they will not fight against a radical Islamic terrorist threat that today threatens the peace of the world just as the Soviet Union did that 10 years, or I should say, 10 decades ago. So with that, we need a vision, and one vision that we should have is, num-ber one, a vision of self-determination that we all agree on. Number two, let’s make sure that we ally ourselves in a positive way with people who are not going to be weak-ened by the onslaught of Islam. I would suggest that America will be a more peaceful place and our country will be more secure and the world will be more peaceful and secure if we establish a new relationship in which we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.088 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8029 October 12, 2017 
watching out for each other with four countries. The United States, of course; the other one is India, and I will soon be going to India. In fact, I will be going to India tomorrow. And number three, Japan; and number four, Russia. Now, there is some work that needs to be done to make a coalition like that real, but a coalition of those coun-tries working together, not mandated that we have to do this and we have to subjugate ourselves to decisions of what the four say, but, instead, seeking out cooperation with those countries where there is mutual benefit to do, we can make this a better world. We can secure our prosperity and secure the peace of our own country and the secu-rity of our own country. So with a vision and with a recogni-tion of fundamental things like the right of self-determination and the right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that our Founding Fathers talked about, and limited government where they said government only de-rives its just powers from the consent of the governed, let us champion these values and these ideals. Let us have a vision for the future, as Ronald Reagan did, and we can make this a more peaceful world as we side with people all over the world who want to control their own destiny by having their own nation rather than being subjected to someone else. Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1595. An act to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanctions with re-spect to Hizballah, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; in addi-tion, to the Committee on the Judiciary; and to the Committee on Financial Services for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Octo-ber 16, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 3669. A bill to improve and streamline security procedures related to general aviation and commercial charter air carrier utilizing risk-based security stand-ards, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–346). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3017. Referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure extended for a period ending not later than November 9, 2017. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CHENRY: H.R. 4028. A bill to amend the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to establish cybersecurity super-vision and examination of large consumer re-porting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4029. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to make reasonable adjustments to earnings data for graduates of cosme-tology gainful employment programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. L EE, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, and Mrs. D AVIS of California): H.R. 4030. A bill to amend the Department of Education Organization Act to codify into law the ‘‘Revised Sexual Harassment Guid-ance: Harassment of Students by School Em-ployees, Other Students, or Third Parties‘‘, issued January 19, 2001, by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Education, as in effect on January 1, 2017; the Dear Col-league letter issued April 4, 2011, by the Of-fice for Civil Rights of the Department of Education, as in effect on January 1, 2017; and the ‘‘Questions and Answers on Title IX and Sexual Violence‘‘ issued April 29, 2014, by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Education, as in effect on January 1, 2017; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 4031. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress an-nual reports on beneficiary travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ): H.R. 4032. A bill to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland): H.R. 4033. A bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Geologic Mapping Act of 1992; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. P
ALAZZO ): H.R. 4034. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to issue to the Pat Harrison Wa-terway District a long-term special use per-mit to develop approximately 8,307 acres of National Forest System land within the Bienville National Forests in Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.R. 4035. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to repeal certain loan guar-antee programs of the Department of En-ergy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia (for him-self and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 4036. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a defense to prosecu-tion for fraud and related activity in connec-tion with computers for persons defending against unauthorized intrusions into their computers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 4037. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the non-applica-bility of non-Department of Veterans Affairs covenants not to compete to the appoint-ment of certain Veterans Health Administra-tion personnel; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 4038. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reassert article I au-thorities over the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H.R. 4039. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to limit the number of local wage areas allowable within a General Schedule pay locality; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. E STY of Con-necticut, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. L EE, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12OC7.089 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8030 October 12, 2017 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 4040. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in interstate transportation in a motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. D
ENT, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 4041. A bill to provide for the reten-tion and service of transgender members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. G AETZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. C RIST, Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. M AST): H.R. 4042. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. BLUM (for himself and Mr. C
UMMINGS ): H.R. 4043. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to reauthorize the whis-tleblower protection program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SCALISE (for himself, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. H ECK, Mr. W AL-
DEN, Mr. V ELA, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. D UNN, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 4044. A bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. T
IBERI ): H.R. 4045. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 for shareholder ownership and passive income rules of the personal holding company tax provisions; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 4046. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of a military department to make certifications regarding the feasibility of using existing space in property under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense prior to entering into certain agreements to acquire or lease real property for the use of such military de-partment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4047. A bill to provide for the identi-fication and prevention of improper pay-ments and the identification of strategic sourcing opportunities by reviewing and ana-lyzing the use of Federal agency charge cards; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 4048. A bill to require institutions of higher education to provide students with statistical employment information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. N
ORTON , and Ms. B ORDALLO ): H.R. 4049. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to ensure that students in high-need schools have equal access to a quality edu-cation delivered by an effective, diverse workforce; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 4050. A bill to support research, devel-opment, and other activities to develop inno-vative vehicle technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 4051. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a bollard instal-lation grant program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for her-self, Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H
IMES, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K
HANNA , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-ida, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. L
EE, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B ERA, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. F
UDGE , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ): H.R. 4052. A bill to prohibit the transfer or possession of large capacity ammunition feeding devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 4053. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to require an independent audit of the cybersecurity practices of cer-tain consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 4054. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to sub-mit an annual report on sources of funds used to finance the non-Federal share of ex-penditures under such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 4055. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide certain information when denying claims for traumatic injury protection under Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 4056. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act and other laws to return pri-mary responsibility for disaster relief to the States, to establish a private corporation to insure States against risks and costs of dis-asters otherwise borne by the States, and to provide for reimbursable Federal assistance to States for activities in response to disas-ters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 4057. A bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. C OMER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S OTO, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. L UCAS ): H.R. 4058. A bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to provide for the es-tablishment of a trust for the benefit of all unpaid cash sellers of livestock, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for herself, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, and Mr. P
OLIQUIN ): H.R. 4059. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing au-thorities impaired, incompetent, and uneth-ical health care activities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H IGGINS  of New York, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 4060. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make residents of Puer-to Rico eligible for the earned income tax credit and to provide for equitable treatment for residents of Puerto Rico with respect to the refundable portion of the child tax cred-it; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12OC7.100 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8031 October 12, 2017 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. R OYCE of Cali-fornia, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M
ESSER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. K
IND, Mrs. L OVE, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. H
ILL, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. E MMER , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. R
ENACCI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. T IBERI , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 4061. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the trans-parency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER (for him-self, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 4062. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a con-stituent-driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4063. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to maintain a database of informa-tion on electricity outages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4064. A bill to impose restrictions on the sale of binary explosives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): H.R. 4065. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to establish grants to reduce the incidence of hate crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mr. L
OWENTHAL ): H.R. 4066. A bill to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were sig-nificant in the history of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. M EADOWS ): H.R. 4067. A bill to authorize the extension of nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) to the products of Kazakhstan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. R
OSS, and Ms. T ITUS): H.R. 4068. A bill to make necessary changes to the competitive need limitations provi-sion of the Generalized System of Pref-erences, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 4069. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of authentic Alaska Native articles of handi-craft containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. P A-
NETTA ): H.J. Res. 118. A joint resolution author-izing the use of United States Armed Forces against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria, and any asso-ciated persons engaged in hostilities against the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Con. Res. 85. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 2266; considered and agreed to. consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Res. 569. A resolution providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, with an amend-ment; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN ): H. Res. 570. A resolution affirming the his-torical connection of the Jewish people to the ancient and sacred city of Jerusalem and condemning efforts at the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organi-zation (UNESCO) to deny Judaism’s mil-lennia-old historical, religious, and cultural ties to Jerusalem; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Ms. HANABUSA (for herself, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. T AKANO ): H. Res. 571. A resolution recognizing Fili-pino American History Month and cele-brating the history and culture of Filipino Americans and their immense contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Mr. M
ACARTHUR ): H. Res. 572. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Red Ribbon Week during the period of October 23 through October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H. Res. 573. A resolution calling on the President to work toward equitable, con-structive, stable, and durable Armenian- Turkish relations based upon the two coun-tries’ common interests and the United States’ significant security interests in the region; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CHENRY: H.R. 4028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 4031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constituion By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 4032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 4033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 4034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 4035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.R. 4036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 4037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 4038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12OC7.100 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8032 October 12, 2017 
By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 US Constitu-tion By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 4044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. BARR: H.R. 4045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 4048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 4049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 4051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 4052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 4053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 4054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 4055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 4056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 4057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Consistent with the understanding and in-terpretation of the Commerce Clause, Con-gress has the authority to enact this legisla-tion in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 4059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 4060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 4061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress shall have the Power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes’’ By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: H.R. 4062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, clause 3, the Commerce Clause. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 4066. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 4067. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, specifically Clause 3 regarding regulating commerce with foreign nations By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 4068. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, specifically Clause 3 regarding regulating commerce with foreign nations By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 4069. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws, which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the forgoing Powers, and for all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Of-fice thereof.’’ By Mr. COFFMAN: H.J. Res. 118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 11 of the Con-stitution of the United States f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 121: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 149: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 173: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 233: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 246: Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 299: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 331: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 391: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 392: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 449: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 451: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 495: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 502: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 535: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 564: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 620: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 638: Mr. R
UIZ, Mrs. T ORRES , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 733: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 747: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 778: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 821: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 826: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 846: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 870: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 878: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 959: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 960: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 1017: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1046: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.027 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8033 October 12, 2017 
H.R. 1078: Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1098: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 1116: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1148: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1164: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1298: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1311: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 1360: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 1374: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1380: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1406: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1421: Mr. D
OGGETT and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 1437: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1475: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1478: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1562: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1612: Mr. M
OULTON and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1617: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1626: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1651: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 1661: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. M CHENRY , and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1676: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1710: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 1731: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 1739: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1783: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1796: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 1810: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 1825: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1828: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. R EED. H.R. 1832: Mr. M
OULTON and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1841: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1849: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1864: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1865: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1898: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1953: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1957: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2024: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 2069: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2079: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2092: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 2133: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. M ITCH-
ELL. H.R. 2148: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2151: Mr. C
RIST and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 2232: Mr. D
UNN, Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2234: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 2293: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 2306: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2319: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. E MMER . H.R. 2340: Mrs. L
OVE, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2401: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2403: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2404: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2405: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 2431: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2501: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2584: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2587: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 2599: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 2628: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington and Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2641: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 2670: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2686: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2687: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2723: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 2740: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 2748: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 2790: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2797: Mr. W
OODALL and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 2806: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 2821: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 2826: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2839: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2840: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2859: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2871: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2881: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2885: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 2899: Mr. S
TIVERS and Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois. H.R. 2902: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. M
EEHAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2909: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 2920: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2926: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2972: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 2973: Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R OGERS of Ken- tucky, Mr. M
AST, Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 2987: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 2999: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3010: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3030: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3034: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G
AETZ , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 3042: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 3111: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3117: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 3120: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 3148: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3263: Mr. C
RAMER , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . H.R. 3272: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3274: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3312: Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 3325: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3327: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 3329: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3331: Mrs. T
ORRES and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3347: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3419: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 3478: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3489: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3513: Mr. G
AETZ and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 3515: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3516: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3534: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3545: Mr. E
VANS and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3548: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3572: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3591: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3635: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 3687: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico. H.R. 3711: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. B ANKS of Indi- ana. H.R. 3717: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 3721: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 3730: Ms. T
ITUS and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3738: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3748: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3759: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 3767: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3770: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. D ENT, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3773: Ms. K
APTUR , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3774: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 3792: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3793: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3796: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 3798: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. S MITH of H.R. 3806: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. H.R. 3827: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 3832: Mr. B
ERGMAN and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 3849: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . H.R. 3855: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3857: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 3858: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3859: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3861: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3862: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3864: Ms. S
INEMA and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 3869: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3897: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. R EED, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 3898: Mr. D
ELANEY and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 3906: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3929: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3931: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C LAY, and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3941: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3947: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3966: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3976: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. G
ARRETT , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D UFFY , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3979: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3980: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4012: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 4013: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.J. Res. 6: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H. Con. Res. 72: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H. Con. Res. 81: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof Cali- fornia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.020 H12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8034 October 12, 2017 
H. Res. 142: Ms. E STYof Connecticut and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Res. 274: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. R EICHERT . H. Res. 401: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. P ANETTA . H. Res. 428: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H. Res. 443: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 495: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 521: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 528: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. W ELCH . H. Res. 556: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Res. 557: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Res. 560: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H. Res. 564: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. M ASSIE . H. Res. 566: Mr. G
RIJALVA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12OC7.025 H12OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1363 October 12, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE SCALISE 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, during my med-ical recovery, I missed the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: June 15, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 308 June 20, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 309 Yea on Roll Call No. 310 June 21, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 311 Yea on Roll Call No. 312 Yea on Roll Call No. 313 Nay on Roll Call No. 314 Yea on Roll Call No. 315 June 22, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 316 Yea on Roll Call No. 317 Nay on Roll Call No. 318 Yea on Roll Call No. 319 June 23, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 320 Yea on Roll Call No. 321 Yea on Roll Call No. 322 June 26, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 323 Yea on Roll Call No. 324 June 27, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 325 Yea on Roll Call No. 326 Yea on Roll Call No. 327 Yea on Roll Call No. 328 Yea on Roll Call No. 329 Yea on Roll Call No. 330 June 28, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 331 Yea on Roll Call No. 332 Yea on Roll Call No. 333 Yea on Roll Call No. 334 Yea on Roll Call No. 335 Nay on Roll Call No. 336 Yea on Roll Call No. 337 Yea on Roll Call No. 338 June 29, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 339 Yea on Roll Call No. 340 Nay on Roll Call No. 341 Yea on Roll Call No. 342 Nay on Roll Call No. 343 Yea on Roll Call No. 344 July 11, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 345 Yea on Roll Call No. 346 July 12, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 347 Yea on Roll Call No. 348 Yea on Roll Call No. 349 Nay on Roll Call No. 350 Nay on Roll Call No. 351 Yea on Roll Call No. 352 July 13, 2017 Nay on Roll Call No. 353 Yea on Roll Call No. 354 Yea on Roll Call No. 355 Yea on Roll Call No. 356 Nay on Roll Call No. 357 Nay on Roll Call No. 358 Nay on Roll Call No. 359 Nay on Roll Call No. 360 Nay on Roll Call No. 361 Yea on Roll Call No. 362 Nay on Roll Call No. 363 Nay on Roll Call No. 364 Nay on Roll Call No. 365 Yea on Roll Call No. 366 Yea on Roll Call No. 367 Yea on Roll Call No. 368 Yea on Roll Call No. 369 Yea on Roll Call No. 370 Nay on Roll Call No. 371 July 14, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 372 Yea on Roll Call No. 373 Yea on Roll Call No. 374 Yea on Roll Call No. 375 Yea on Roll Call No. 376 Nay on Roll Call No. 377 Yea on Roll Call No. 378 July 17, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 379 Yea on Roll Call No. 380 Yea on Roll Call No. 381 July 18, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 382 Yea on Roll Call No. 383 Yea on Roll Call No. 384 Nay on Roll Call No. 385 Nay on Roll Call No. 386 Nay on Roll Call No. 387 Nay on Roll Call No. 388 Nay on Roll Call No. 389 Nay on Roll Call No. 390 Yea on Roll Call No. 391 July 19, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 392 Yea on Roll Call No. 393 Yea on Roll Call No. 394 Nay on Roll Call No. 395 Nay on Roll Call No. 396 Nay on Roll Call No. 397 Yea on Roll Call No. 398 Nay on Roll Call No. 399 Nay on Roll Call No. 400 Nay on Roll Call No. 401 Yea on Roll Call No. 402 July 20, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 403 Nay on Roll Call No. 404 Nay on Roll Call No. 405 Yea on Roll Call No. 406 July 24, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 407 Yea on Roll Call No. 408 Yea on Roll Call No. 409 July 25, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 410 Yea on Roll Call No. 411 Yea on Roll Call No. 412 Yea on Roll Call No. 413 July 26, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 414 Yea on Roll Call No. 415 Nay on Roll Call No. 416 Nay on Roll Call No. 417 Nay on Roll Call No. 418 Yea on Roll Call No. 419 Nay on Roll Call No. 420 Nay on Roll Call No. 421 Nay on Roll Call No. 422 Nay on Roll Call No. 423 Nay on Roll Call No. 424 Yea on Roll Call No. 425 July 27, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 426 Yea on Roll Call No. 427 Yea on Roll Call No. 428 Yea on Roll Call No. 429 Nay on Roll Call No. 430 Nay on Roll Call No. 431 Nay on Roll Call No. 432 Nay on Roll Call No. 433 Nay on Roll Call No. 434 Yea on Roll Call No. 435 July 28, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 436 Yea on Roll Call No. 437 Yea on Roll Call No. 438 September 5, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 439 Yea on Roll Call No. 440 September 6, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 441 Yea on Roll Call No. 442 Yea on Roll Call No. 443 Yea on Roll Call No. 444 Yea on Roll Call No. 445 Yea on Roll Call No. 446 Yea on Roll Call No. 447 Nay on Roll Call No. 448 Yea on Roll Call No. 449 Nay on Roll Call No. 450 Yea on Roll Call No. 451 Yea on Roll Call No. 452 Yea on Roll Call No. 453 Yea on Roll Call No. 454 Yea on Roll Call No. 455 Yea on Roll Call No. 456 September 7, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 457 Yea on Roll Call No. 458 Nay on Roll Call No. 459 Nay on Roll Call No. 460 Nay on Roll Call No. 461 Yea on Roll Call No. 462 Yea on Roll Call No. 463 Yea on Roll Call No. 464 Nay on Roll Call No. 465 Nay on Roll Call No. 466 Yea on Roll Call No. 467 Yea on Roll Call No. 468 Yea on Roll Call No. 469 Yea on Roll Call No. 470 Nay on Roll Call No. 471 Yea on Roll Call No. 472 Nay on Roll Call No. 473 Yea on Roll Call No. 474 Nay on Roll Call No. 475 Nay on Roll Call No. 476 Nay on Roll Call No. 477 Yea on Roll Call No. 478 Yea on Roll Call No. 479 September 8, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 480 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.001 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1364 October 12, 2017 
Yea on Roll Call No. 481 Yea on Roll Call No. 482 Nay on Roll Call No. 483 Yea on Roll Call No. 484 September 12, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 485 September 13, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 486 Yea on Roll Call No. 487 Yea on Roll Call No. 488 Yea on Roll Call No. 489 Nay on Roll Call No. 490 Nay on Roll Call No. 491 Yea on Roll Call No. 492 Nay on Roll Call No. 493 Nay on Roll Call No. 494 Nay on Roll Call No. 495 Nay on Roll Call No. 496 Yea on Roll Call No. 497 Yea on Roll Call No. 498 Nay on Roll Call No. 499 Nay on Roll Call No. 500 Nay on Roll Call No. 501 Nay on Roll Call No. 502 Nay on Roll Call No. 503 Yea on Roll Call No. 504 Nay on Roll Call No. 505 Nay on Roll Call No. 506 Nay on Roll Call No. 507 Yea on Roll Call No. 508 Yea on Roll Call No. 509 Yea on Roll Call No. 510 Yea on Roll Call No. 511 Yea on Roll Call No. 512 Yea on Roll Call No. 513 Nay on Roll Call No. 514 Yea on Roll Call No. 515 September 14, 2017 Nay on Roll Call No. 516 Yea on Roll Call No. 517 Yea on Roll Call No. 518 Yea on Roll Call No. 519 Nay on Roll Call No. 520 Nay on Roll Call No. 521 Nay on Roll Call No. 522 Nay on Roll Call No. 523 Yea on Roll Call No. 524 Yea on Roll Call No. 525 Yea on Roll Call No. 526 Nay on Roll Call No. 527 Yea on Roll Call No. 528 Yea on Roll Call No. 529 September 25, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 530 Yea on Roll Call No. 531 September 26, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 532 Yea on Roll Call No. 533 Yea on Roll Call No. 534 Nay on Roll Call No. 535 Nay on Roll Call No. 536 Yea on Roll Call No. 537 September 27, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 538 Yea on Roll Call No. 539 Yea on Roll Call No. 540 September 28, 2017 Nay on Roll Call No. 541 
f 
HONORING STEPHEN CONQUEST 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Stephen Con-quest, who is celebrating his 50th Birthday. Defying all odds, Mr. Conquest has outlived the life expectancy given to him by doctors, who estimated that he would not make it past his teenage years. Born with Down Syndrome, a genetic anomaly that leads to developmental delays, the likelihood of Mr. Conquest devel-oping life threatening conditions was higher than most. Mr. Conquest went on to join the Boy Scouts, receiving the Order of the Arrow; be-came an active member of the Future Farmers of America; won state gold medals in the 100- meter dash and long jump in the Special Olympics; and has been an invaluable em-ployee at The McAllen Monitor since 1990. Among his many accomplishments, Mr. Conquest is also a valued friend, coworker, and son. I am proud to represent constituents like Mr. Conquest, who set the example for how life should truly be lived. Mr. Speaker, I again offer my congratula-tions to Mr. Conquest and his family. His per-severance, compassion, and versatility to leading a full life is exemplary and has not gone unnoticed. He has made the South Texas community a better place, and it is my honor to acknowledge him today. f 
HONORING DRISCOLL’S 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Driscoll’s, a company based in Cali-fornia’s 20th Congressional District as the Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Cruz County’s 2017 Food Donor of the Year. The company, made up of dedicated independent growers, has been donating their fresh berries to the Second Harvest Food Bank in Watsonville for over two decades. In 2016 alone, Driscoll’s donated nearly one thousand tons of berries. Because of Driscoll’s efforts, many food insecure families on the central coast of California now have access to the vi-tamin-rich and highly nutritious berries and can make them a part of a healthy diet. The Driscoll and Reiter families, the found-ers of Driscoll’s, have been producing berries in the Pajaro Valley since 1904. Officially founded in 1950 as Driscoll Strawberry Asso-ciates, Inc., the company originally sold only fresh California strawberries. Their creation of the first patented strawberry variety in 1958 made Driscoll’s the national berry of choice by extending the crop’s growing season and al-lowing berries to be shipped long distances. Today, they have expanded their operations from just strawberries to include raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries. Driscoll’s inno-vative work, along with the contributions from many other farmers and ranchers of the Cen-tral Coast, has contributed to my district’s rep-utation as an agricultural powerhouse. Driscoll’s has always been committed to giv-ing back to the local communities that have given them so much. Through their Berry Do-nation Program, Driscoll’s works to make sure families throughout their community have ac-cess to berries during local growing seasons. The company also supports a variety of food banks and related organizations such as the California Association of Food Banks and Ag Against Hunger. Driscoll’s culture of philan-thropy is not limited solely to their senior lead-ership, but extends to their employees who are closely involved in the company’s efforts to support their communities. Together, Driscoll’s and their employees have donated over 5 million pounds of berries to the Second Harvest Food Bank. As the representative of the 20th Congres-sional District, I commend Driscoll’s for work-ing to ensure that families on the Central Coast have access to the fresh and nutritious berries grown in their own backyard. We are lucky that they call the 20th Congressional District home. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating Driscoll’s on their 2017 Food Donor of the Year award. f 
HONORING DR. TED CHRISTOPHER ON HIS INAUGURATION TO PRESIDENT OF THE PENNSYL-VANIA MEDICAL SOCIETY 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of our nation’s most dedicated advocates for doctors and patients, Dr. Ted Christopher of Penn-sylvania’s 13th Congressional District, who is to be sworn in on October 14, 2017 as the 168th President of the Pennsylvania Medical Society. As a leader in emergency medicine, Dr. Christopher is the epitome of a physician who goes above and beyond—who uses his or her talents to not only serve individual patients, but also the practice of medicine as a whole. Not only has he been a trustee of the Penn-sylvania Medical Society since 2011, but he has also served as president of the Associa-tion of Academic Chairs of Emergency Medi-cine, the Pennsylvania Chapter of the Amer-ican College of Emergency Physicians, and the Philadelphia County Medical Society. Dr. Christopher’s invaluable contributions to the field of emergency medicine are displayed through his robust academic research. As Pro-fessor and Chairman of the Department of Emergency Medicine at the Sidney Kimmel Medical College at Thomas Jefferson Univer-sity Hospital in Philadelphia, he has long been a leader in his field and an inspiring mentor to countless students. I am confident that Dr. Christopher will bring his extraordinary skills and experience to this new position to the benefit of all advocates of best-practices in medical care, and represent Pennsylvania’s doctors with honor and distinc-tion. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congres-sional District, I wish him my utmost congratu-lations and all the best for his coming term. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.001 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1365 October 12, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE SILICON VALLEY COMMUNITY FOUNDA-TION ON THE OCCASION OF ITS TENTH YEAR ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleagues, Congresswoman Z
OELOFGREN and Congressman J IMMY PA-
NETTA to honor the Silicon Valley Community Foundation (SVCF) as it celebrates its Tenth Year Anniversary. The Peninsula Community Foundation and Community Foundation Silicon Valley merged in 2007 to increase their impact by creating SVCF. Under the superb leader-ship of CEO Dr. Emmett D. Carson, SVCF has grown to become the world’s largest com-munity foundation with more than $8 billion in assets. SVCF has been able to do this by en-gaging, empowering, and collaborating with families, individuals, and corporate donors to generate positive impacts and by supporting organizations within and beyond county lines and national borders. SVCF has become a comprehensive center for philanthropy and over the last decade has continued to advocate in pursuit of public pol-icy issues and strategic initiatives in support of those in need. It also serves as a key leader and partner to nonprofit groups and institutions who work to advance ideas and direct re-sources strategically toward the pressing local needs of the community. SVCF has awarded $4.3 billion in grants since 2007, and the strong support that it has from the community and donors has enabled it to award $2.3 bil-lion to local charities in nine Bay Area coun-ties, with an additional $245 million awarded to other California charities. In their effort to assist students in their higher education and careers SVCF also awarded close to 400 scholarships totaling $1.7 million to students in high school, community college and university programs during the 2014 to 2015 school year. SVCF exemplifies its values of collaboration; diversity; inclusiveness; innovation; integrity; public accountability; respect; and responsive-ness. It is fitting and proper that we recognize the tremendous impact of philanthropy, and the spirit of generosity and community service that SVCF has had in the Bay Area. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join my colleagues and me in expressing our collective gratitude to the trail-blazing Silicon Valley Community Foundation for its extraordinary contributions to charities and nonprofit organizations throughout our state and nation. We offer our congratulations on the occasion of its decade of philanthropic work and accomplishments in each of our Congressional Districts. IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. SHARON RESCH AND HER LIFELONG COM-MITMENT TO THE FINE ARTS, COMMUNITY PHILANTHROPY, AND WORLDWIDE HUMANI-TARIAN EFFORTS HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Sharon Resch of Green Bay for her ongoing commitment to community phi-lanthropy, worldwide humanitarian efforts, and the fine arts. Mrs. Resch has achieved this by being a dedicated supporter of the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay’s mission and a vital resource and partner to its students. Mrs. Resch has helped transform the Uni-versity of Wisconsin-Green Bay through her leadership in bringing the American Inter-national Czech and Slovak Voice Competition to campus on a semi-annual basis. Mrs. Resch has also founded the Sharon J. Resch Endowed Scholarship for Fine Arts, which is reserved for students who graduate from the non-profit Fine Arts Institute and continue their music studies at the University of Wisconsin- Green Bay. Mrs. Resch’s efforts are not limited to the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay. Her gen-erosity can be seen all across northeastern Wisconsin, with contributions to the Resch Center, Miracle League of Green Bay, and Resch Aquatic Center at Fisk Park. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in commending Mrs. Resch for her continued commitment to the better-ment of our communities both at home and abroad. 
f 
IN HONOR OF BISHOP CLIFFORD M. JOHNSON, JR.’S 48TH ANNI-VERSARY AS PASTOR OF MOUNT PLEASANT CHURCH AND MIN-ISTRIES 
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a great American and a visionary lead-er—Bishop Clifford M. Johnson, Jr. This month, Bishop Johnson celebrates his 48th anniversary as Pastor of Mount Pleasant Church and Ministries, which is located in my Congressional District in Baltimore, Maryland. For nearly half a century, Bishop Johnson has used his God-given talents and abilities to uplift the people of his church and those in the surrounding community. As a passionate Bible scholar and avid reader, Bishop Johnson was drawn to study-ing the Word of God at a young age. A native of Baltimore, he graduated from Kenwood High School in Baltimore County and pursued additional studies at the Balti-more College of Commerce and the Commu-nity College of Baltimore. Bishop Johnson earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Pastoral Theology from the Washington Bible College and Capital Seminary. In 1975, he received an Honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from the Virginia Seminary and College of Lynchburg, Virginia. Under Bishop Johnson’s dynamic leader-ship, Mount Pleasant Church and Ministries has grown to serve a congregation of 8,000 people. He turned a deteriorating shopping center into a thriving 17-acre campus with several ministries that reach beyond the walls of the church to bring resources and support to neighbors in need. Those ministries include: Kingdom Men Bible Class, the Prison Ministry, the Adult Learning Center, the Word of Life Ministry for children, the Evangelism Ministry, the Food and Banquet Ministry, and the Lamp-stand Christian Bookstore. Because of Bishop Johnson’s deep belief in the power of education to change the trajec-tory of the lives of young people, he estab-lished the Mount Pleasant Christian School. The school serves children from Kindergarten through grade five, and everyone involved with the school—from teachers, to parents and support staff—has committed to the mission of ‘‘awakening the genius in every child.’’ Bishop Johnson’s influence runs deep through the City of Baltimore. He is highly re-garded by elected officials, business and civic leaders, and the people of the community. I witnessed this influence first-hand during the city’s unrest following the killing of Freddie Gray. Bishop Johnson was one of the first pastors to join with me and other spiritual leaders to help bring calm to the streets of Baltimore. Bishop Johnson then helped to de-vise a long-term plan to heal the shattered re-lationship between police and the communities they serve and protect. His genuine connec-tion to the people of the community helped us assess and respond to their real needs. Bishop Johnson has such a powerful min-istry because he relates the Word of God to people’s everyday lives. He has made an im-pact throughout the world by ministering in Canada, Israel, Sweden, France and Africa. He recently earned the distinction of being the first African American to preach and evan-gelize in Cuba. A loving family man, Bishop Johnson has been married to Dorothy Johnson for more than 50 years. They have five children and thirteen grandchildren. I am honored to pay tribute to Bishop Clifford M. Johnson, Jr. for his 48 years of pastoring Mount Pleasant Church and Min-istries. He is a noble American who continues to serve his church, his community, and his country with distinction, and I thank him for his ministry. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE REUNION OF THE 50TH COMPANY, INFANTRY OFFICER CANDIDATE SCHOOL CLASS OC 24–69 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a special group of Americans who are worthy of our recognition for the sacrifices they made for our country. In October of this year, the surviving mem-bers of the 50th Company, Infantry Officer Candidate Schools Class OC 24–69 will have their first reunion at Fort Benning, Georgia, 48 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12OC8.002 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1366 October 12, 2017 
years after pinning on the gold bars of Second Lieutenants. It was a time when the United States was still deeply mired in the Vietnam war. The young men who made up the 50th Company came from 42 of our 50 states and represented all walk of life and ethnic herit-ages. Almost all of them had recently grad-uated from college, and were of an age at which most of their contemporaries were start-ing their careers, not facing military service and the rigors of war and sacrifice. They were fully aware that the Vietnam war did not receive the near universal support that the country had offered the servicemen and women of World War II, in whose shadow they had grown up. The feelings of these men to-ward the war in Southeast Asia were as varied as those of their countrymen. Nevertheless, they accepted the risks inher-ent in their decision to become Army officers. Despite their varied backgrounds and their support for, or opposition to, the Vietnam war, they shared more important traits—a love of the United States of America, an abiding belief in democracy, and a devotion to duty no mat-ter the consequences. They had all volun-teered for the OCS. Within a year of graduation, over half would receive orders for Vietnam. Two classmates made the ultimate sacrifice for our country— James DuPont from North Canton, Ohio and Thomas Edgren from Libertyville, Illinois. Many others were awarded the Purple Heart. They all, no matter where they served, made sacrifices as previous generations who had served in the armed forces had sac-rificed—separation from families, missed holi-days, arduous and often dangerous work, and sometimes miserable living conditions. And sadly, for these men of the Vietnam era, their sacrifices were often met upon their return with indifference and even open hostility from a seemingly ungrateful country. Some of these men made the military a ca-reer. But most were classic ‘‘citizen soldiers’’ who returned to civilian life once they had served. They raised families and became suc-cessful lawyers, doctors, ministers, teachers, government workers, farmers, and business men. Over the years, most of the men of the 50th Company put their time in the service behind them. They lost contact with each other as other life issues took precedence. But through the efforts of a few determined classmates, plans were laid for this fall’s reunion. They will gather again at Fort Benning, another genera-tion of Americans who laid down their plow-shares to pick up rifles, only to beat them back into plowshares when duty was honor-ably done. At the reunion, these old comrades-in-arms will renew the bonds that were forged 48 years ago through the long marches in the brutal Georgia heat, the early morning runs in combat boots and rain, the countless pushups, and the brotherhood of blood and sweat of hard Army training. Now they will share their pride in having served. I ask my colleagues to join me in pausing to reflect on the sacrifices made by these men and the millions of others they represent, and to extend to them our personal thanks and the thanks of our country. ST. OMER FOUNDATION 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the St. Omer Foundation as it commemorates a great American family, the Carrolls, who played a tremendous role in securing our constitutional freedoms, and the founding of our country. Prior to the American Revolution, and be-fore the freedom of religion was enshrined in the United States Constitution, Catholic fami-lies sent their children to France for an edu-cation. Many of these students attended an English-speaking, Jesuit-run university in St. Omer, France. Notable among these children were the sons of the distinguished Carroll fam-ily, who owned much of Maryland, including the future site of the United States Capitol. Charles, Daniel, and John Carroll all studied at the Jesuit University in St. Omer before re-turning to the colonies to play significant roles in the American Revolution. In St. Omer, the Carrolls learned the values that helped inspire their participation in the fight for independence from the British Empire. Charles Carroll signed the Declaration of Independence, Daniel Car-roll was involved in the ratification of the Arti-cles of Confederation and the United States Constitution, and John Carroll became the first Catholic Archbishop of the United States, founded Georgetown University, and estab-lished the first Catholic seminary in our coun-try. During the French Revolution, the Jesuit University in St. Omer was disbanded, many of its buildings were destroyed, and the mem-ory of the Americans who studied in France began to fade. Recently, the people of St. Omer, alongside many friends in the United States, sought to refresh this memory, and re-mind Americans and Frenchmen alike that the American Revolution took some of its impetus from a Jesuit university in the North of France. Together, they restored the handsome Jesuit chapel where the Carrolls attended mass as students in the 18th century. On October 15, Archbishop Lori of Baltimore will cut the ribbon on this newly renovated chapel and kick off a weekend of celebration and dialogue surrounding the Carroll family and their contribution to our great nation. I thank the St. Omer Foundation for its con-tributions to help preserve the legacy of he-roes of the American Revolution. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF JIM M
CLOUGHLIN 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Jim McLoughlin, an out-spoken advocate for working families for over forty years. The San Antonio Redevelopment Plan’s twelve story tower located in the heart of downtown San Jose, constructed in 1975 and 1976 thanks in large part to his efforts, will be renamed in Jim’s honor. Jim first joined Local 428 of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union (then the Re-tail Clerks International Association) in 1937 as a clerk at Piggly Wiggly. A quick learner and a natural leader, he was elected to lead Local 428 that same year. His leadership con-tinued for the next forty-three years, during which time Jim expressed solidarity for his brethren in labor throughout the world by serv-ing as a trade union delegate to labor organi-zations in China, Argentina, Israel, Iceland and Sweden. Jim dedicated his life to organizing and civic engagement. He was a member of the Com-mittee on Political Education and the AFL–CIO for over forty years. He participated on various state task forces, including Governor Pat Brown’s Committee on Automation and Em-ployment in 1958, the Industrial Commission- Mercantile Wage Board in 1972 and the Cali-fornia Attorney General’s Volunteer Advisory Council in 1973. Serving as Vice President among the 1.5 million members in the Cali-fornia Labor Federation from 1972 to 1980, Jim made a substantial impact for a genera-tion of working families in California. Committed to social justice, Jim became a lifetime member of the NAACP in 1955 and was a delegate to the Labor Assembly for Peace in Vietnam in 1967. He served on the Santa Clara County Democratic Central Com-mittee for over twenty years and acted as a McGovern delegate on behalf of Northern California Labor at the Democratic National Convention in 1972. Jim advocated for ‘‘guaranteed employment rights, wages, and benefits which match the cost of living to enable workers to be a force and active contributors in the communities.’’ His worldview that the treatment of workers is critical to the wellbeing of the community re-mains as relevant now as it was in Jim’s time. I am proud to have been Jim’s friend, and thankful for the many ways in which Jim advo-cated for workers in California and throughout the world. f 
RECOGNIZING HERMAN ROBERTS 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Herman Roberts who is to be in-ducted into the Chicago Blues Hall of Fame this Sunday, October 15, 2017. Born in Beggs, Oklahoma in 1924, Herman Roberts and his family moved to Chicago when he was 12. He entered the workforce a few years later working for a cab company washing cars. At the age of 15, he was given the responsibility of driving those cabs and by 1944, he became owner of his own business, the Roberts Cab Company. Mr. Speaker, like many young men of the era Mr. Roberts fulfilled his patriotic duty by serving in the army during World War II. After returning from war, his ambition drove him to innovation when, as he recalls, in 1947, he became the first to install two-way radios in his cabs. Mr. Roberts has been a longtime resident of the Southside of Chicago and a pioneer in Chicago’s entertainment industry. He was one of the first club owners in Chicago to provide a non-segregated venue for Black entertainers and in 1960, he expanded his enterprise to in-clude motels. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12OC8.005 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1367 October 12, 2017 
His success as a club owner is evidenced by the headliners he booked: Nat ‘‘King’’ Cole, Sammy Davis, Jr., Count Basie, Lionel Hamp-ton, R&B acts like the Treniers, Brook Benton, Sam Cooke, and Jackie Wilson, and jazz diva Dinah Washington. While Mr. Roberts focused primarily on black acts, he would make excep-tions for people like Tony Bennett and Gene Krupa. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Roberts’ pioneering spirit wasn’t limited to the musical sphere. In fact, he was the first entertainment business owner to give the famed Dick Gregory a chance when he hired him as a late-night emcee at the Herman Roberts Show Lounge in Chicago in 1958. In the political realm, his motel served as the original meeting place for another pio-neer when he hosted Chicago Mayor Harold Washington’s initial campaign. In short, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Roberts’ venues served as the epicenter for Chicago’s Black civil society and he served as the Godfather of Chicago’s Black entertainment industry. Finally, after decades of hard work, Mr. Roberts retired in 1992 and still, today, main-tains his home on Chicago’s Southside. Mr. Speaker, clearly Mr. Roberts is an ac-complished individual and we, in Chicago, are proud to call him one of our own. I am de-lighted to congratulate my longtime friend and supporter, Mr. Herman Roberts, on this impor-tant achievement. On behalf of all my constitu-ents in the 1st Congressional District of Illi-nois, I extend my heartfelt congratulations. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WAUKEGAN TO COLLEGE (W2C) 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Waukegan to College (W2C) Program for its recent selection as an exemplary organization for promoting Latino success in higher education by Excelencia in Education. This is a true honor, and the staff, volun-teers, students, and families of Waukegan to College should be very proud. Waukegan to College demonstrates how community support, resources, and encour-agement can help students achieve their dreams of attending and graduating college. Through services such as tutoring, men-toring, college and scholarship application coaching, and advising sessions that include parents, Waukegan to College equips students with the tools they need to succeed not just in higher education, but in life. This prestigious award is a testament to their commitment to the youth of Waukegan. The time, effort and energy that they invest in this program do not go unnoticed—and sets a national example of the impact that a commu-nity-based organization can make. I congratulate the team at Waukegan to Col-lege on this impressive accomplishment, and thank them for all they do to make a dif-ference in the lives of our youth. HONORING TERESA P. PEREZ HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Weslaco, Texas na-tive, Mrs. Teresa P. Perez, who is celebrating her 80th birthday. Born on October 14, 1937, she has been a pillar in the community. Mrs. Perez has re-sided in Weslaco since 1938 and been a life-long member of St. Joan of Arc Catholic Church. Mrs. Perez has held many successful roles throughout her life but none more important than those to her family as a daughter, sister, mother and grandmother. Mr. Speaker, I again offer my congratula-tions to Mrs. Perez and her family: Cindy, Tommy, Louie, Rose, Arturo, Terry Ruben, Mike, Andrew, Cathy, Danny, and all 20 of her beloved grandchildren. Mrs. Perez and her family have made South Texas a better place, and it is my honor to acknowledge her today and wish her a very happy birthday. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND SAMUEL E. GASKINS, SR. 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Reverend Samuel E. Gaskins, Sr. for his tireless dedication to improving the lives of residents in my district. Born in Lake City, South Carolina in 1937, Rev. Gaskins enlisted in the United States Army at the age of fifteen. By the age of sev-enteen he was promoted to Staff Sergeant and later a Chief Petty Warrant Officer, a tes-tament to his innate leadership skills. After twenty four years of military service, including two tours as a chaplain in Vietnam, Rev. Gas-kins settled in Seaside, California where he continued serving the public. In the late 1990s, the United States Army donated the former Fort Ord’s Army chapel to Rev. Gaskins. Through tireless work, he restored and con-verted the building into the Christian Memorial Tabernacle’s chapel still in use to this day. Rev. Gaskins’ efforts to improve the lives of his fellow citizens extend far past the walls of his church. Rev. Gaskins has founded numer-ous organizations and initiatives aimed at helping those in our community who are most in need. One such program is a new home-less ministry named ‘‘The Stepping Stone Out-reach Program.’’ Rev. Gaskins’ five year pro-gram aims to provide housing and education for over 500 people in need. I commend Rev. Gaskins for his dedication to caring for those in my district who need help the most. Apart from his work to care for the less for-tunate, Rev. Gaskins has worked to foster sol-idarity and strong relationships among com-munities in my district. One such initiative is ‘‘One Great Fellowship,’’ which he created in conjunction with Jason Harbert of the Carmel Presbyterian Church. One Great Fellowship aims to promote racial harmony between com-munities on the Monterey Peninsula. The pro-gram, which involves multiple Peninsula churches, has held several interracial and interdenominational services per year which regularly drew hundreds of people. Rev. Gaskins has proven himself to be a natural leader in service to his country and community. His life’s work adds up to nothing short of transforming the lives of the residents of the Central Coast. We are lucky to have someone as selfless and dedicated as Rev. Gaskins call the 20th district home. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing Rev. Samuel E. Gaskins, Sr. for his many accomplishments and contributions to the betterment of his community, country, and fellow man. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF DR. JEROME E. JACKSON 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Dr. Jerome Jackson, pro-fessor of Criminology at California State Uni-versity, Fresno. Dr. Jackson has had a re-markable career, spanning over 30 years. He is a renowned criminologist, author and lec-turer known for his work for various civil rights causes. Dr. Jerome Jackson was born in Texas be-fore relocating to California. He earned his Bachelors in Arts in Political Science from Southern University in Baton Rouge Louisiana, a Master’s in Public Administration from Texas Southern University and a Doctor of Philos-ophy in Criminal Justice from Sam Houston State University. Currently, Dr. Jackson is the first and only African American born in the state of Texas to graduate from the distin-guished Ph.D. program at Sam Houston State University. He also holds a Masters in Theo-logical Studies and Doctorate in Theological Studies from the Faith Seminary in Tacoma, Washington. Currently, Dr. Jackson is a tenured Full Pro-fessor of Criminology at California State Uni-versity, Fresno. During his tenure at Fresno State he took on a number of roles. This in-cludes serving as the president of the Black Faculty and Staff Association and chairing the Martin Luther King Monument Statute Com-mittee, helping to raise over $75,000.00. His work has been well recognized and he has re-ceived a number of honors throughout his ca-reer. This includes the Provost’s Award for Ex-cellence in Teaching in 1998. His outstanding work has also been recognized by the cities of Fresno and Clovis. Mr. Speaker, it with great pleasure that I ask you to join me in celebrating the career of Dr. Jerome E. Jackson. I wish Dr. Jackson and his family continued success and happiness going forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12OC8.010 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1368 October 12, 2017 
CELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF ZF FRIEDRICHSHAFEN IN GAINES-VILLE 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my hometown in celebration of ZF, one of the top automotive suppliers in the world. For thirty years, this company has been a part of our Hall County, and I com-mend the city of Gainesville for establishing September 23 as ‘‘ZF Day.’’ When ZF opened its first North American production facility on Palmour Drive back in 1987, no one could predict the impact that this company would have on our community in northeast Georgia. What began as one loca-tion and a few jobs quickly grew to more than 50 locations and 31,900 jobs across North America. Hall County alone is now home to four pro-duction facilities and over 1,000 employees representing ZF. The Greater Hall County Chamber of Com-merce played a significant role in bringing this company to Georgia and helping them achieve success. I want to thank them for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I take pride in the number of international companies, like ZF, that have chosen to invest in my home state over the last several decades. These companies have provided many neighbors with careers and the means to pursue their dreams. I wish the company well as it continues to expand and create more opportunities for hard-working men and women. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE LAS VEGAS MASSACRE 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to residents of Califor-nia’s 42nd Congressional District who were tragically killed during the massacre at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada on Sunday, October 1, 2017. Thomas Day, Jr. was born and raised in my hometown of Corona, California. After grad-uating from Corona High School, Tom at-tended Riverside Community College and later went to work for Portrait Construction, a home building company founded by his father, Tom Sr. Those who worked with Tom knew him as someone who was easy to talk to and get along with. The Day family has been active in our community for many years, making a num-ber of important contributions to non-profit or-ganizations. Attending concerts and music fes-tivals with his children was a win-win for Tom because it allowed him to do two things he loved at one time—listen to music and spend time with his family. Tom was attending the Route 91 Harvest country music festival with his children when he was senselessly taken from us. Rocio Guillen grew up in Anaheim, Cali-fornia and attended Katella High School, where she ran track and cross country. Most recently, she worked as an assistant manager at a California Pizza Kitchen. Rocio was a tire-less worker both at her job and at home car-ing for her children. She was blessed with four children: 18-year-old Marcus, 13-year-old Christopher, 1-year-old Sofia and 1-month-old Austin. Marcus recently described Rocio as ‘‘an amazing mother. She worked so many hours at work and would come back and take care of all of us.’’ Rocio’s fiance ´, Chris Jaksha, attended the Route 91 Harvest coun-try music festival with her and comforted her in those terrifying final moments of her life. Pati Mestas lived in Menifee, California and was a graduate of Garey High in Pomona. While she previously helped manage the deli at a Corona gas station, Pati recently stopped working to spend more time with her three children, eight grandchildren and one great- grandchild. Pati loved going to country music concerts and having a good time with her friends. Her son Brandon wrote, ‘‘She left this world surrounded by friends, singing and dancing with thousands of people. If I had to write the script myself, I could not have done a better job.’’ Christopher Roybal proudly served his coun-try in the U.S. Navy as a dog handler, com-pleting multiple tours in Afghanistan. After leaving the Navy, Chris returned home to Co-rona, California, and managed Crunch Fitness gyms. According to family and friends, Chris loved to sing and enjoyed all genres of music—they say he was a karaoke king. Chris is survived by his wife Dixie Roybal, his moth-er Debby Allen, father Samuel Roybal brothers Jacob, Jayson and Nicholas, and sisters Nina and Jillian. We are eternally grateful for Chris’ service to our nation. Our hearts ache for all of those whose lives were cut short and forever impacted by the evil acts of that evening. We pray that their loved ones, colleagues and friends find com-fort in the memories shared with those we have lost. We also pray for the speedy recov-ery of all of the wounded. As a country we must stand together in the wake of this horrific event and demonstrate that the love, decency and compassion inside all of us is far stronger than any evil act. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CITY OF BELL-FLOWER’S 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative S
A´NCHEZ , rise today to recognize the City of Bellflower on its 60th anniversary. We hope our colleagues will join us in paying tribute to the city and its resi-dents. The City of Bellflower was incorporated in 1957 after a measure to do so was endorsed by most of the civic organizations in town and supported by the local newspaper. Several of the supporting groups that played a critical role at the time still exist today, including the Bellflower Chamber of Commerce, Kiwanis Club, Masonic Temple, and Bellflower Wom-an’s Club. At the time of incorporation, Bell-flower was already a 51-year-old community, fully matured in all areas but that of city gov-ernment. Over the years, Bellflower has become a vi-brant city with an innovative approach to en-hancing services and generating revenues to support its growing community. There has been a long tradition of implementing pro-grams that uphold the mission of the city, which is ‘‘to protect and enrich the quality of life, to make Bellflower an excellent place to live, work, and play.’’ Bellflower places a high value on programs that attract new busi-nesses, provide recreation activities and com-munity services, preserve the environment, and protect the safety of city residents. Through fiscal conservatism and the estab-lishment of a redevelopment strategy, the city continues to grow and expand by attracting new businesses, improving business facades, and upgrading infrastructure. Since 2011, as a result of these strategies, Bellflower has seen more than $60 million of direct investment into its community. This includes the construction of Auto Zone, Biomat USA, and Kaiser Permanente offices, as well as unique res-taurants like Golden Corral and Fronk’s. More recently, the city has placed a high priority on economic development and the re-vitalization of its downtown area. The new Bellflower Events Center and Los Angeles County Fire Museum will open in mid-Novem-ber, and they are destined to become center-pieces of the resurgence and redevelopment of the city. The Events Center will provide an elegant indoor and outdoor venue for small groups, gatherings and larger parties, while the Fire Museum will house a tremendous dis-play of Los Angeles County Fire Department history. The city is also excited to welcome SteelCraft, with its rapidly growing reputation as a unique dining and social experience, into Downtown Bellflower. A lease was recently approved by Bellflower’s City Council for SteelCraft to develop its third shipping con-tainer retail park on a 15,000 square foot city- owned lot located on Bellflower Boulevard and Oak Street. SteelCraft will perfectly com-plement Bellflower’s unique retail stores and delicious home-grown restaurants. Capital improvements have also been at the top of Bellflower’s priorities. With the comple-tion of the Bellflower Boulevard Pedestrian En-hancement Project in July of 2016, Bellflower’s streets, sidewalks, and crosswalks have un-dergone immense improvements, adding to the beautification and safety of its downtown area. We hope our colleagues will join us in send-ing their best wishes and congratulations to the City of Bellflower on its 60th anniversary. Let us salute its optimistic spirit, and its com-mitment to embracing the future through smart investments, innovation, and creativity. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE MORRISTOWN & MORRIS TOWNSHIP PUBLIC LI-BRARY’S WILLIS WING 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Morristown & Morris Town-ship Public Library’s Willis Wing, located in Morristown, New Jersey on the occasion of its 100th Anniversary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.003 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1369 October 12, 2017 
Library services have been available in Mor-ristown since 1792. The first circulating library consisted of 97 members and 96 books. The Morristown Library Association was formed in 1812 and by the middle of the 19th century the library had grown to several thousand vol-umes. From 1875 to 1914 the Library was housed on South Street in the Morristown Li-brary and Lyceum, an organization that offi-cially incorporated in 1866. Its collection grew from 8,000 books to over 30,000 when the building, and almost everything in it, was de-stroyed by fire in 1914. A temporary library was soon opened in the old YMCA building on South Street. With money from both insurance and the sale of the land on which the Library and Lyceum stood, the property at the corner of Miller Road and South Street was purchased with the intention of building a new library building. In 1916, Grinnell Willis, a retired textile mer-chant who lived in Morristown since 1889, ap-proached the Library Trustees and offered to pay the entire cost of a new fireproof building. The new Library would be built in ‘‘grateful remembrance of the love and affection be-stowed on his late wife by her friends and neighbors in Morristown.’’ The day after Mr. Willis made his offer, an Act of Incorporation for the Morristown Library was filed. Its objec-tive was ‘‘to establish and maintain a free pub-lic library and reading rooms, to establish and maintain an art gallery and museum for the encouragement of arts and science, to estab-lish and maintain a collection of books and documents of historic interest and to advance the literary and educational interests of the community.’’ On December 13, 1917 the Li-brary, with 8,000 volumes and a staff of four was opened to the public. In 1929, with the collection now totaling 43,500 volumes, Mr. Willis funded the cost of an addition to the original 1917 building. This addition, which opened in 1930, contained the Children’s Wing. Grinnell Willis died shortly after the new wing was completed. In his will he left the library an endowment of $200,000. The Library continued to grow and serve its public as an association library until 1966 when the residents of Morristown and Morris Township united in the support, maintenance, and control of a joint free public library. In 1987 the cornerstone was laid for an ad-dition to the Library largely financed by Edythe and Dean Dowling, which became the Dowling Wing. In addition to the generosity of the Dowlings, many members of the community contributed to this addition which doubled the size of the Library. In 2006, the latest addition of the Library was completed. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating the Morris-town & Morris Township Public Library’s Willis Wing, on the occasion of its Centennial Anni-versary. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE TAI LOOK MERCHANTS’ ASSOCIATION ON THEIR CENTENNIAL ANNIVER-SARY GALA 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate the Tai Look Merchants’ Association on their Centennial Anniversary Gala. I thank you for your commitment to bettering the community of Chinatown and the community of New York City as a whole. The Tai Look Merchants’ Association was established on 1917 in Hong Kong but ex-panded to New York less than a decade later, and has been a part of our community ever since. For a century the Tai Look Merchants’ Association has contributed to the community through the mission, ‘‘for the love of the Coun-try and Motherland.’’ Under the leadership of Teddy Mui and rep-resenting over a hundred members and small businesses, Tai Look Merchants’ Association has shown the good that can be done when people work together, from raising money for victims of the Sichuan Earthquake and Hurri-cane Katrina to holding local Mid-Autumn Fes-tival celebrations for Chinatown’s seniors. As they celebrate 100 years of tremendous work, I am confident the Tai Look Merchants’ Association will continue to build on its history of service and find many more years of suc-cess. f 
WORLDWIDE REFUGEE CRISIS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative C
ASTRO for calling for this spe-cial order to discuss the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya people from Burma. It’s a heartbreaking humanitarian disaster and day-by-day the situation continues to de-teriorate. Just today, Bangladesh Border Guards are reporting that more than 11,000 Rohingya ref-ugees entered Bangladesh from Burma. These refugees are the result of the unprec-edented level of violence in Burma’s Rakhine State. Because of this bloody conflict, more than half a million Rohingya—60 percent of whom are children—have fled as refugees across the border into Bangladesh. This is the swiftest exodus of any population since the 1994 Rwanda genocide and Serbia’s 1999 ethnic cleansing in Kosovo. The Burmese military has claimed that this brutal crackdown is the response to a clash that took place on August 25th, in which bor-der security forces faced off against Rohingya insurgents reportedly using knives, small arms, and small explosives. But this isn’t a legitimate counterinsurgency or counterterrorism operation. The Burmese military and border security forces have spe-cifically targeted Rohingya using medieval tac-tics: slash and burn, rape, indiscriminate kill-ing. Twenty-one square kilometers of villages systematically burned to the ground. As I see it, the only person in Burma who could put an end to the violence, clear the way for humanitarian aid, and allow for a full accounting of what has occurred is Min Aung Hlaing, Commander in Chief of the Burmese military. Unfortunately, the intentions of the military are clear: to remove the Rohingya people from Burma. Welcoming these refugees, thankfully, is the Government of Bangladesh, which is now hosting nearly a million Rohingya refugees. And while Bangladesh opens its doors, I consider it an embarrassment that the United States is closing ours. The Trump Administra-tion has lowered our yearly cap on refugees from all over the world to 45,000 per year— the smallest number ever. As this crisis grew worse, Bangladesh took in that many people every four days. This policy harms American leadership in the world. It undermines our ability to speak credibly about refugees, human rights, or liv-ing up to basic international humanitarian prin-ciples. It diminishes our standing in a part of the world where China is only too happy to fill the void. The United States has allocated $38 million to assist with the crisis. That number seems grossly inadequate considering the scale of the humanitarian nightmare now facing the Government of Bangladesh and the Rohingya who have found refuge there. We need to do more, and that starts by shining a light on this tragedy. So I’m grateful to Mr. CASTRO , I’m grateful to all my col-leagues who are putting this issue front and center. I hope that the Administration will give this crisis the focus and resources needed. This is a situation that calls for American lead-ership, and I’ll keep making the case in Con-gress that we can and must do more. 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF REGINA MILLEDGE-BROWN AND HER SERVICE TO THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, as the Rank-ing Member of the Judiciary Committee, I join with my colleague, Representative S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE, Ranking Member of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, in expressing our appreciation for Regina Milledge-Brown’s serv-ice to the Committee. Regina has enjoyed a distinguished career in service to our Nation. Regina is an em-ployee of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF), who joined us on detail at the beginning of this year. An attomey who graduated from the University of Georgia School of Law, Regina has worked for over fifteen years at ATF in various capac-ities. In her detail to the Committee, her expe-rience with law enforcement and firearms issues has been an invaluable assistance to the Members and staff of the Committee. Regina has worked on a variety of important issues as the Committee has pursued its leg-islative and oversight agenda during 2017. In addition to her work on firearms-related issues, Regina has worked on issues such as hate crimes prevention, forensics, DNA identi-fication, law enforcement grants, the protection of law enforcement officers, operation of fed-eral prisons, reauthorization of the United States Secret Service, protecting the victims of trafficking, and preventing violence against women. In these and other legislative issues, Regina has displayed a high degree of profes-sionalism and personal commitment, providing Members of the Committee and staff with wise counsel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.006 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1370 October 12, 2017 
In all of this, Regina has demonstrated mag-nanimity, energy, and enthusiasm, which has helped all of us immensely. We thank Regina for her selfless service to the Committee and our country, and wish her the very best as she returns to the ATF at the end of her detail. All of her colleagues here will miss her dearly and continue to value her friendship into the future. 
f 
FORT JACKSON—REMEMBERING LIVES LOST 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, America was deeply saddened by Friday’s tragic accident at Fort Jackson Army Base that claimed the lives of two brave soldiers and injured six others. Fort Jackson is a crown jewel of the Midlands of South Carolina. Es-tablished in 1917, Fort Jackson is the Army’s largest training center, where my three sons and I have trained. Maj. Gen. Pete Johnson is commanding with compassion and profes-sionalism. We are grateful for the sacrifices of every soldier whose service brings them to Fort Jackson, and we consider each of them part of the Midlands family. Today, I would like to honor the memory of those soldiers: Pvt. Ethan Shrader, from Prospect, TN, and Pvt. Timothy Ashcraft, from Cincinnati, OH. They will never be forgotten. The following soldiers are still recovering from injuries: Pvt. Emmett Foreman, from Daleville, AL. Pvt. Hannah New, from Cartersville, GA. Pvt. Benjamin Key, from Livingston, TN. Pvt. Alan Kryszak, from Clarksville, TN. Pvt. Cardre Jackson Jr., from Laurel, MD. Pvt. James Foster, from Macon, GA. As the father of four sons who have served with the military, I would ask that everyone pray for those families who are grieving and for the speedy recovery of those who were in-jured. I know the opportunities for recruits to have fulfilling and meaningful lives through military service protecting American families. In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and we will never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. 
f 
UNIFIED GOVERNMENT OF WYANDOTTE COUNTY AND KCK 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the formation of the Unified Government of Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kansas, and recog-nize the community and people who helped make the consolidation possible. In 1997, the governments of Kansas City, Kansas and Wyandotte County opted to con-solidate into one entity in the effort to help the city and county become a prosperous commu-nity in Kansas. That vision and foresight led to 20 years of growth and prosperity in the area. I’ve witnessed firsthand some great suc-cesses of Wyandotte County in the last 20 years—rebuilding neighborhoods, diversifying the local economy and expanding the tax base. The consolidation has led to a better quality of life for residents, and a booming tourism industry for the state. The Kansas Speedway really led the way out west and Sporting KG’s Children’s Mercy Park stands out as one of the best, state of the art soccer stadiums across the country and the world. Mr. Speaker, the Unified Government should be proud of their successes on this 20th anniversary. I’m honored to represent this county in Congress and to be a part of their enriched community. Thank you to the local leaders and residents who came together to make this vision a reality. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF DANIEL RUIZ 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Special Agent Daniel ‘‘Danny’’ Ruiz for his outstanding work as Resident Agent in Charge (RAC) at the Homeland Security In-vestigations (HSI), a directorate within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security’s U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agen-cy (ICE). Special Agent Ruiz serves as RAC in the Fresno, California office. Special Agent Ruiz began serving as the Resident Agent in Charge at HSI Fresno on November 1, 2015 and was responsible for fulfilling the mission of HSI in Tulare, Merced, Madera, Mariposa, Fresno and Kings Coun-ties. In his capacity as the Resident Agent in Charge at Fresno HSI, Danny is always avail-able to discuss and work together on issues of concern with me and my staff. Danny has been a U.S. Government em-ployee since 1994. Before his Fresno HSI as-signment, Danny served in multiple capacities and positions in Newark, New Jersey; San Juan, Puerto Rico; Jacksonville, Florida; Dal-las, Texas, and two separate tours in Wash-ington, D.C. Danny holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Saint Peter’s University, Jersey City, New Jer-sey with a Major in Political Science and Minor in Criminal Justice. It is with great pleasure that I applaud and congratulate Daniel Ruiz for his many years of tireless work on behalf of the United States Government and to our local community. His ongoing dedication to public service is ex-tremely commendable. I ask my colleagues to join me today in rec-ognizing the commitment, dedication and suc-cess of Daniel ‘‘Danny’’ Ruiz, and wish him well as he embarks on new endeavors in his role with HSI Florida. INTRODUCTION OF THE HIGHER EDUCATION EMPLOYMENT AND TRANSPARENCY ACT HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Higher Education Em-ployment and Transparency Act. This impor-tant legislation would help ensure that stu-dents are adequately informed of their choices as they navigate the process of applying to college. While a college degree is as valuable as ever, the choices facing students as they at-tempt to choose the right school remain daunting. While most students cite employ-ment as a prime motivator for college attend-ance, they nevertheless are often inadequately informed about the employment outcomes at various institutions of higher education and for various fields. Navigating the college application process is hard enough. While in some cases data on employment and earnings information does exist, in too many cases it is unclear or not easily accessible to prospective students. Making this information more transparent— and pointing prospective students in the right direction—would go a long way in ensuring that students are making the best choices tai-lored to their individual needs. The Higher Education Employment and Transparency Act seeks to tackle these chal-lenges. This bill represents one piece ofthe puzzle to ensure data on higher education out-comes is presented in a manner that is clear, transparent, standardized, and above all easily accessible to prospective students. Without re-quiring the collection of new data, the bill would give students better access to higher- quality information about the schools they are considering. The legislation would make a number of key changes: First, it would expand on current require-ments for Institutions of Higher Education (IHEs) to disseminate certain information to prospective and enrolled students, through ap-propriate publications, mailings, and electronic media. The Higher Education Employment and Transparency Act would update this require-ment to include disaggregated earnings and employment information, and require the use of data from more reliable sources. Second, it would expand and improve the College Navigator, which is already a useful tool presenting a variety ofinformation about IHEs. The Higher Education Employment and Transparency Act would require additional in-formation to be included on this site, in addi-tion to what is currently required: a link to a page with that same, higher-quality information that IHEs are newly required to disclose; a link to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Occupational Outlook Handbook website, which includes re-gional data on starting salaries in all major oc-cupations; and, a link to a website that pro-vides information about former students’ em-ployment and earnings information, based on high-quality federal or state data. Last, under this legislation, IREs would also be required to provide prominent links on their own websites to each of these new pieces of information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.009 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1371 October 12, 2017 
While disagreements exist regarding poten-tial longer-term changes to our higher edu-cation data regime, this bill is a key step that would improve students’ access to data that already exists. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
MIDNIGHT CIRCUS IN THE PARKS 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to an initiative launched to raise community funds and to rebuild parks—Mid-night Circus in the Parks. The program is presented in part by the Chicago Park District’s Night Out in the Parks, which brings over 1,000 cultural events to neighborhood parks each year. The program is in its 5th year and the Night Out in the Parks series has brought more than 1,000 events to neighborhood parks throughout the City of Chicago, making community parks safe havens and hubs of cultural activity. Jeff Jenkins, founder and executive director of Midnight Circus in the Parks, envisioned a perfect opportunity to bring his circus to the community and raise money for park improve-ments. Midnight Circus tours Chicago parks every year bringing over 15,000 people to-gether in their park to celebrate and make a difference. This venture is a true family col-laboration; Jeffs wife, Julie, is the artistic direc-tor; their son, Maxwell, is an acrobat and mu-sician in the show, and their daughter, Samantha, does the trapeze. Their rescued pit bull also performs. Every year, they add new and incredible artists. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the Jen-kins Family for launching Midnight Circus in the Parks, and the Chicago Park District for having the vision to bring a circus to the Chi-cago communities and for all their countless hours of volunteer efforts. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LT. KEN HOBBS FOR BEING NAMED YPSILANTI’S 2017 FIREFIGHTER OF THE YEAR 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Ken Hobbs for being named 2017 Firefighter of the Year by the Washtenaw 100 Honors’ Board of Member-ship. He has distinguished himself through his outstanding public service and advocacy on behalf of the Ypsilanti Fire Department and community. Since joining the Ypsilanti Fire Department in 1986, Lt. Hobbs has worked tirelessly to protect Ypsilanti residents and promote a posi-tive relationship between the department and city at large. The City of Ypsilanti Fire Depart-ment is a full-time department that provides prevention and protective fire services to Ypsi-lanti and the Eastern Michigan University cam-pus, and Lt. Hobbs is well regarded by the more than 40,000 constituents served by the department. Throughout his career, he has made it a priority to give back to the commu-nity he serves by holding community fire pre-vention and education workshops and attend-ing various fundraisers throughout the year. In addition to being recognized as Washtenaw 100 Honors’ Firefighter of the Year, Lt. Hobbs has served as President of the Ypsilanti Firefighters Union for many years and has received widespread acclaim for pro-moting unity between the union and fire de-partment. Additionally, he has played a key role in securing grants for the department through the Department of Homeland Security, which has allowed for increased firefighting staff and much-needed equipment. Their suc-cess in securing federal grants over the years speaks to the quality of their applications and the great work being done by Lt. Hobbs and his fellow firefighters. Lt. Hobbs has also been instrumental in fostering greater diversity at the department and advocated for hiring a fe-male firefighter with a 2014 Department of Homeland Security grant. His dedication and efforts on behalf of the city of Ypsilanti are worthy of commendation, and I know that Lt. Hobbs will continue his diligent work on behalf of the area residents in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Lt. Ken Hobbs for being named Ypsilanti’s Firefighter of the Year. His advo-cacy and service on behalf of the citizens and firefighters of our community are worthy of public acclaim. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JEFF CARROLL’S 20 YEARS OF SERV-ICE ON MY STAFF 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to honor my longtime Chief of Staff and the current Staff Director for the Energy & Commerce Committee Democrats, Jeff Carroll, on 20 outstanding years serving on my staff. My office, the Energy & Commerce Com-mittee, the Congress, and the entire state of New Jersey have benefited enormously from Jeff’s steady leadership, strategic guidance, and commitment to achieving meaningful progress. Jeff is known on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol for his candor, ne-gotiating skills, and boisterous laugh. He is a diehard fan of the Mets, Giants, Bruce Springsteen, and the vaunted pork roll. He’s a Jersey guy, through and through. A native of Lyndhurst, N.J., Jeff joined my office as an Executive Assistant in 1997 after graduating from George Washington Univer-sity and briefly serving as a Staff Assistant to Senator Robert Torricelli. Within six years, he became my Chief of Staff, serving with distinc-tion the people New Jersey’s Sixth Congres-sional District for 12 years. In 2015, when I was elected the Ranking Member of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, Jeff became the Democratic Staff Director. Jeff has been by my side through my great-est trials and achievements in office, relent-lessly pushing forward and always holding himself and my staff to the highest standards. He is my most trusted advisor, and I thank him for his unwavering commitment and im-measurable contributions over the years. I also want to acknowledge the support pro-vided to Jeff by his wife Shannon, daughter Lizzie and son Ryan, who share this dedicated husband and father with the House. Mr. Speaker, the American people have benefited from Jeff Carroll’s 20 years here in the House. I look forward to our continued work together in the future. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MOTHER GENEVA GREEN RUSSELL 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Geneva Green Russell of Boynton Beach, Florida, who passed away at the age of 100 on May 6, 2017. Georgia-born and Florida educated, Mother Russell received her primary education in Delray Beach public schools. Mother Russell spiritual life began at the young age of twelve. She was one of the charter members of the then, newly estab-lished Church of God in Boynton Beach and served over the years in numerous capacities, including church secretary, musician, and the Women’s Ministries President. On June 21, 1936, Mother Russell married Bishop Milton Russell of Abacoa, Bahamas, and alongside him ministered to the needs of her church, family, and community. She was also a passionate philanthropist, serving as past president of the Parent Teach-er Association and distinct member of the Senior Citizens Community Help Club. During this time, she provided medical transportation for sick and elderly citizens and amongst her friends and neighbors, became the ‘‘Des-ignated Driver’’ for her group known as the ‘‘Golden Girls.’’ Mother Russell led her family by example as a strong Christian loving mother, and end-lessly server of her community. Fond memo-ries of her will forever remain with her seven children: Milton Jr., Jean, Joyce, Marjorie, Ber-nard, Evelyn and Stanley; fifteen grand-children, twenty-one great-grandchildren, and twelve great-great-grandchildren, along with many relatives and friends. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Geneva Green Russell will be remembered by the many people she touched in her 100 years of life. She was truly a shining star of the Boynton Beach commu-nity. I am so pleased to honor her life and leg-acy. She will be dearly missed. 
f 
HAPPY 100TH ANNIVERSARY FORT STOCKTON INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 100th Anniversary of Fort Stockton Independent School District, a premiere public school district dedicated to the education of students in West Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.013 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1372 October 12, 2017 
Fort Stockton Independent School District was approved in the 35th state legislature on May 17, 1917. It is now home to five public schools and over 2,500 students, teachers, and staff. Over the past two-and-a-half years, I have visited Fort Stockton Independent School District on numerous occasions. In fact, I was able to participate in the Coin Toss at a Panther football game this month. Today I applaud the graduates and count-less faculty and staff members who have helped spread the knowledge, skills, and val-ues they learned at Fort Stockton Independent School District with Texas, the United States, and the entire world. The positive impact of this public school system resonates across Texas’ 23rd Congressional District. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE HORSE TRANSPORTATION SAFETY ACT OF 2017 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Horse Transportation Safety Act, a bill I introduced earlier today along with my es-teemed colleague, Rep. J
ONES from North Carolina, to ensure the humane and safe transportation of horses. The Horse Transportation Safety Act seeks to end the exploitation of a regulatory loophole designed to ban the transport of horses in double-deck trailers, whereby drivers have an incentive to inhumanely transport horses to assembly points, then reload them into single level trailers just outside their final destination. The practice is dangerous and inhumane not only to the horses, it poses a threat to the travelling public. According to the U.S. Department of Agri-culture, ‘‘double-deck trailers do not provide adequate headroom for equines, with the pos-sible exception of foals and yearlings. We do not believe that trailers that have two or more permanent levels that are not collapsible can be adequately altered to accommodate adult equines, especially tall equines.’’ The legislation is strongly supported by agri-cultural interests and animal protection groups alike. Among the organizations endorsing the bill are the Humane Society of the United States, the Animal Welfare Institute, the Na-tional Black Farmers Association, and Return to Freedom Wild Horse Conservation. Moreover, in 2010 the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure unanimously adopted this bipartisan legislation. This is common sense legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support the swift pas-sage of the Horse Transportation Safety Act. 
f 
HONORING THE HARRIET TUBMAN PRESS IMPRINT 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate the Harriet Tubman Press on the occasion of its first publication. The Harriet Tubman Press, an imprint of Tsehai Publishers, is an important new pub-lishing platform based in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. It is named after one of the great icons of American history, and it is one of the only imprints in the country dedicated to providing a platform for the voices of today’s African- American scholars and writers. The Harriet Tubman Press is housed in the Marymount Institute for Faith, Culture, and the Arts at Loyola Marymount University, which is one of the centers of higher learning in my congressional district—the 43rd District in Cali-fornia. The first publication of the Harriet Tubman Press will be Voices from Leimert Park Redux, a diverse collection of poetry that beautifully captures the heartbeat of the Leimert Park community. For decades, this Los Angeles neighborhood has been a thriving beacon of African-American activism, culture, and the arts. At a time when gentrification and dis-placement threaten neighborhoods across Southern California, the preservation of Afri-can-American cultural heritage in Leimert Park could not be more important. I congratulate Loyola Marymount University, Tsehai Publishing, the Harriet Tubman Press, and all the members of the South Central Los Angeles community that worked so hard to make this first publication possible. Your dedi-cation and fortitude is necessary to the preser-vation of the African-American voice. I’d like to further thank the artists, authors, and poets who stand up and propel that voice into our country’s consciousness. Your voices are the only currency that can never be taken from you. May the first publication of the Harriet Tub-man Press signal the birth of a new force de-voted to propelling, celebrating, and high-lighting African-American culture through lit-erature. f 
RECOGNIZING RUBY’S PLACE ON ITS 45TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ruby’s Place on the cele-bration of its 45th anniversary, to take place on Thursday, October 19. Ruby’s Place is a nonprofit organization founded in 1972 in Hayward, California. It was a pioneer in California in recognizing the need to provide shelter to victims of domestic vio-lence. Ruby’s Place today provides services and shelter to homeless individuals and families, with a focus on helping victims of domestic vi-olence and human trafficking. These services include a 24-hour crisis hotline, case manage-ment, mental health treatment, and children’s programming. As this shows, Ruby’s Place helps people both in their time of immediate need and provides assistance so they can get back on their feet. Just as one example, during the 2015–2016 fiscal year, the counselors at Ruby’s Place an-swered over 4,500 calls on its crisis hotline and provided 724 individual counseling ses-sions. One hundred seventy of these sessions were with children who have been affected by domestic violence. I had the honor of recognizing Ruby’s Place on the House Floor in October 2013, in sup-port of Domestic Violence Awareness Month. I am committed to continuing to fight domestic violence and working with organizations on the front lines, like Ruby’s Place. Over an amazing 45 years, about 6,000 adults and children have benefitted directly from Ruby’s Place. I am incredibly grateful for its commitment to securing stable housing and supportive services for those in need, and I am honored to represent it in Congress. Our community is better and stronger for its tire-less efforts. I want to congratulate Ruby’s Place on sta-bilizing the lives of individuals and families in the Bay Area for the last 45 years, and I wish it continued success in the future. f 
HONORING THE HALL COUNTY REACT PROGRAM AND THE NEW WELDING SHOP 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the grand opening of the Hall County Correction Institute’s welding shop—a new addition to Hall County’s Re- entry Accountability Court Transition pro-gram—which will equip inmates with skills that they can take with them as they re-enter soci-ety. Since 2014, the local accountability court program has assisted offenders by providing vocational resources that can help deter re-cidivism and restore these individuals as pro-ductive members of the community. By allow-ing program participants to obtain state certifi-cations in welding, the program will help peo-ple who will soon be released to find job secu-rity upon their departure. Criminal justice reform is a priority for north-east Georgia as it is for me in Washington, which is why I introduced the Prison Reform and Redemption Act to help lower recidivism rates among federal prisoners through voca-tional training and other evidence-based pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, every person has value, and efforts like the Hall County Correction Insti-tute’s welding shop recognize and seek to magnify that value and potential. Investing in all of our neighbors—even those who have broken the law—can pave the way for strong-er, safer communities for every man, woman, and child. I thank Sheriff Couch and the Hall County Sheriff’s Department for their commitment to improving the lives of inmates, and look for-ward to seeing the impact that the welding ini-tiative will make on northeast Georgia. 
f 
HONORING THE CARDOZA FAMILY 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, family reunions are a great way of staying connected, strengthening bonds and recognizing heritage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.018 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1373 October 12, 2017 
As a member of the U.S. House of Represent-atives, I take this opportunity to commend and congratulate the Cardoza Family on the occa-sion of their 100th Anniversary and Family Re-union which was held at the Bird Ranch in Gustine, California on Saturday, September 9, 2017. There is nothing quite like a family reunion. Family from far and wide gather and share in the joy of fellowship, love and precious memo-ries that reunions generate. Therefore, I com-mend and congratulate them and pray that they had a wonderful weekend. The Cardoza family story begins in the early 20th century. In approximately 1915–1916, Manuel S. Cardoza, an orphan, emigrated from the island of Terceira, Azores, Portugal. He was sponsored by his uncle, Joe S. Car-doza, and arrived to the San Joaquin Valley to work on his dairy farm. Manuel worked for room, board and a cow as his compensation. Their implied agreement was that as soon as Manuel had a string (15) of dairy cows he would go out on his own as a dairy farmer. He quickly accomplished his goal. At approximately the same time, Manuel Coelho emigrated from the island of Terceira, Azores, Portugal. His name has never ap-peared on any ship roster, but it is rumored that he was a stowaway destined for Stratford, California in the San Joaquin Valley. By 1916, Manuel had earned enough money to send for his family. Shortly thereafter, his wife, Rose, her daughters Lucy, Lucille, Olympia, and Margaret, and sons, John and Manuel, boarded the Cornucopia and sailed for the United States. Shortly after, Manuel S. Cardoza met Lucy Coelho, they married and started a dairy farm in partnership with another Azorean immigrant. The two were blessed with three sons and 5 daughters, whose descendants are here today. Through hard work, tenacity and faith, they survived World Wars and the Great De-pression. They always managed to have enough to eat, clothes on their backs, and a roof over their heads. The first generation consisted of dairymen; a butcher; an HVAC specialist; and a grocer. The occupations of the second generation consist of a wine specialist; a graphic artist; a doctor; a nurse; a teacher; an accountant; HVAC specialists; a real estate appraiser; a real estate broker; a politician; a cattleman; an office manager; CEO and a medical supplies specialist. The third generation includes mar-keting professionals; lawyers; accountants; teachers; financial advisors; construction man-agers; a pharmacist; tech professionals; an environmental consultant; and a software engi-neer. What the next generation will achieve only time will tell. Mr. Speaker it with great pleasure that I congratulate the Cardoza family on the occa-sion of their 100th anniversary and family re-union. The Cardoza family truly embodies the American dream. They are one of hundreds of thousands of Portuguese that came and set-tled in California to seek the opportunities that our state has given to immigrants past and im-migrants present. I ask that you join me in wishing them continued success and pros-perity. DAVID DREIER RECEIVES ORDER OF THE AZTEC EAGLE AWARD 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a friend, former col-league, and leader in promoting international cooperation and understanding, who was re-cently recognized by a key U.S. ally for his outstanding work. Last month, David Dreier re-ceived the Order of the Aztec Eagle, the high-est honor bestowed to a foreign national by the Government of Mexico. Those of us who served with Representative Dreier know him as the former chairman of the House Rules Committee, as a faithful rep-resentative of his Southern California district for more than three decades, and as a forceful champion of democracy, free trade, and the rule of law. An avowed ‘‘Reagan Republican,’’ Dreier was instrumental in crafting many of our nation’s trade policies, including the North American Free Trade Agreement. What some may not realize is that Rep-resentative Dreier was also a leader in culti-vating closer ties and cooperation between the United States Congress and its partner legisla-tures around the world. Through our work on the House Democracy Partnership (HDP)— which he served as the founding chairman and I as chairman during the years of Demo-cratic leadership—we had the opportunity to work together to advance the cause of par-liamentary democracy, traveling widely and memorably to parliaments from Peru to Paki-stan and hosting dozens of delegations of vis-iting legislators and staff in Washington. Dur-ing these engagements, Representative Dreier was a consummate diplomat and a skilled mentor, navigating sometimes-difficult bilateral issues but also the practical questions of how parliamentary institutions could be more effec-tive. Our work together epitomized the maxim that partisanship should end at the water’s edge—a spirit that persists today under the leadership of current HDP chairman P
ETER  R
OSKAM . While our work with HDP focused on less developed democracies, Representative Dreier always had a special interest in—and fond-ness for—the parliamentary democracy on our southern border, Mexico. He was an active member of the U.S.-Mexico Binational Com-mission, a leader of the U.S.-Mexico Inter-par-liamentary Group, a co-chair of the U.S.-Mex-ico Congressional Caucus, and a frequent par-ticipant in congressional delegations to Mex-ico. During our work with HDP, he often in-voked Mexico as an example of democratic development and spoke fondly of his work as an election observer in the country. It is fitting that Representative Dreier has been acknowledged for this work by receiving the Order of the Aztec Eagle, joining leaders such as President Eisenhower, Nelson Mandela, and Queen Elizabeth II as well as cultural icons such as Walt Disney, Pla ´cido Domingo, and Bono. I know I speak for many in extending him my warmest congratulation, and in wishing him well in his continued post- congressional service. SCIENCE COMMITTEE COS JENNIFER Y. BROWN TO RETIRE HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Jennifer Young Brown’s last day as Chief of Staff of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. For more than 28 years she has helped me represent the residents of the 21st District of Texas and, more recently, helped the Science Committee enact numerous poli-cies that benefit the American people. Jennifer started working in my personal of-fice after she graduated from the University of Colorado. She has held five different positions, including Chief of Staff. For several years, she served as COS both in the personal office and on the Science Committee, a rare double COS, before becoming the full-time Science Committee Chief of Staff in 2016. Her talents and skills are many. She has mastered the dif-ficult art of multi-tasking—no one does it bet-ter. Jennifer is simply a remarkable woman. She manages to balance well the demands of hus-band, children, school activities, Science Com-mittee work, and friends, almost 200 of whom attended a reception for her yesterday. If Jennifer is going to leave us, at least it is for a worthy cause—Texas Tech University. Over the years Texas Tech has supplied our office with impressive interns and graduates and even made me an honorary alumnus. Jobs may end but friendships continue. Jen-nifer and her family—husband Barry, son Leighton, and daughter Gipson—will always be special friends and I know I will continue to see them often. So Jennifer, I thank you for all you have done for me. Her family is fortunate to have her as a role model. And I am fortunate to have had her influence on my life for over 28 years. As I’ve learned to say, ‘‘Go Raiders.’’ 
f 
HONORING DIANE GLASSER (1928– 2017) 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Vice Mayor Diane Glasser of Tamarac, Florida, who passed away Tuesday, October 10, 2017 at the age of 89. Diane was a woman who wore many hats in her time. She served as a Commissioner and Vice Mayor on the Tamarac City Commission, as Broward County’s State Committeewoman to the Florida Democratic Party, and as a del-egate to six consecutive Democratic National Conventions. In an era when western Broward County was synonymous with massive developments of senior condos, Diane became a nationally- known political powerhouse through her ability to bring the ward-style organization from her native Brooklyn to the 5,000-unit 55-plus com-munity known as Kings Point in Tamarac. If you were a candidate or elected rep-resentative planning to set foot in Kings Point, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.023 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1374 October 12, 2017 
you did so only with Diane’s blessing. She was an indomitable civic force in our commu-nity and built a get-out-the-vote operation in the condos that brought thousands of seniors to the polls for each and every election. If Diane stumbled on a wrong, she was de-termined to make it right. She was a pas-sionate advocate for the underserved, a de-fender of civil rights and someone who helped make Broward County a kinder, more compas-sionate community. She was a problem-solver and a leader, and brought people along where she saw a chance to make a positive impact on the lives of others. Her passing brings with it the end of an era in South Florida politics. Diane is survived by her two sons, Craig and Lloyd Glasser, and one granddaughter, Dara. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RABBI JONATHAN BIATCH OF TEMPLE BETH EL 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation: Whereas, Temple Beth El was founded in 1939 as Madison, Wisconsin’s first and only Reform Jewish congregation; and Whereas, Rabbi Jonathan Biatch has been the spiritual leader supporting the vision and mission of Temple Beth El since 2004; and Whereas, boys celebrate Bar Mitzvah when turning 13; and Whereas the Temple Beth El community proclaims Rabbi Jonathan Biatch a ‘‘Bar Mitz-vah’’ celebrating his 13th year of service, Now, therefore, I congratulate Rabbi Jona-than Biatch on his 13 years of leadership at Temple Beth El. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAJOR GEN-ERAL MIYAKO SCHANELY ON HER PROMOTION TO COM-MANDING GENERAL OF THE 416TH THEATER ENGINEER COM-MAND 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Major General Miyako Schanely on her assignment as the Commanding Gen-eral of the 416th Theater Engineer Command. MG Schanely will lead the 416th Theater Engineer Command in conducting theater- level engineer operations supporting a joint force, and execute unified land operations while providing a training and ready combat- capable force to support mission require-ments. MG Schanely has had a long history of serving her country. Since she received her commission as a Second Lieutenant in 1986, she has served in both active and reserve units of the U.S. Army for over 31 years. MG Schanely is a graduate of the Army War Col-lege and holds several civilian master de-grees. Previously assigned as the Commander of the 102nd Training Division, MG Schanely has become the first female Japanese Amer-ican to become commander of the Theater Engineer Command as a two-star and is ready to take on the challenges associated with this rapidly evolving role. On behalf of the 21st District of New York, I would like to congratulate MG Schanely on her well-deserved promotion, and wish her luck in her new role. I want to thank MG Schanely for her service to our country and for the sacrifices she will make in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THOSE AFFECTED BY INFLAMMATORY BREAST CANCER 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to Breast Cancer including one of the rarest, but most lethal forms, Inflammatory Breast Cancer, or IBC. One in eight women in the United States are diagnosed with Breast Cancer every year, and too many women die because of late di-agnosis. Any opportunity to raise awareness is an opportunity to save lives. October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Although IBC is not the most common form of breast cancer, it is one of the most ag-gressive. It is critical that we recognize the se-verity of IBC and the importance of education and prevention efforts. IBC is not commonly known as it accounts for only 1 to 5 percent of all breast cancer cases. However, it is one of the most aggres-sive and deadliest forms of the disease. This form of cancer does not display the early symptoms ordinarily looked for by medical pro-fessionals. Since it is one of the rarest forms of Breast Cancer, many nursing and medical programs do not train students on IBC screen-ing, leading to misdiagnosis and increased fa-talities. The patients who start to show symp-toms of this disease tend to be correctly diag-nosed at stage 3, leaving little to no time to seek treatment. The courage of women battling Breast Can-cer and IBC should not go unnoticed and they deserve our continued support for continued research efforts to seek for prevention and treatment for this deadly disease. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately on October 10, 2017, I missed Roll Call vote no. 558 and Roll Call vote no. 559 both under Suspension of the Rules due to family-related medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both. TRIBUTE TO BILL HENDERSON HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Mr. William Henderson of East Lyme, upon his retirement, for his outstanding 47-year career with the Connecticut Union of Telephone Workers/CWA and a lifetime of service to his community, country, and family. Mr. Henderson has dedicated himself to the Connecticut Union of Telephone Workers/ CWA as a steward and eventually as CWA Local 1298 president. Throughout his distin-guished career, Bill has fought for justice and an even playing field in the workplace for men, women, and minorities. As a member of the CWA’s Family Care Committee, he has worked diligently to assist employees in bal-ancing work and family life. Additionally, Bill has served his local com-munities of Waterford and East Lyme in count-less roles, including as a member of the East Lyme Board of Education and the Waterford Board of Selectman, and as chairman of the Waterford Democratic Town Committee. He has coached little league, basketball, and la-crosse, and taught Sunday school. He is cur-rently a deacon at Flanders Baptist Church and a justice of the peace. Bill has served not only his local community but also his country in the submarine force as a Navy sonar tech-nician, achieving the rank of Second Class Petty Officer. He is the loving husband of Brenda and a father to four children and six grandchildren. On a personal note, Bill was a tireless sup-porter of mine in every campaign I’ve run— even when it wasn’t so easy during my first two races as a challenger. I will be forever grateful to him for his loyalty, amazing energy, and friendship over the years. Please join me in congratulating Mr. Hen-derson on an impressive career of service with the Connecticut Union of Telephone Workers and Communications Workers of America. We thank him for his unrelenting dedication to his community and wish him a wonderful retire-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for roll call votes 560 through 563 be-cause I was traveling to Pennsylvania with President Trump. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on roll call No. 560, YEA on roll call No. 561, YEA on roll call No. 562, and YEA on roll call No. 563. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.026 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1375 October 12, 2017 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM 
HON. NANETTE DIAZ BARRAGA´N 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because nearly 9 million children are in dan-ger of losing health insurance. The Children’s Health Insurance Program has reduced the uninsured rate among chil-dren from 14 percent in 1997 to 5 percent, today. Nearly 30,000 children from my state, Cali-fornia, stand to lose their healthcare coverage this winter because of Congress’s failure to re-authorize this vital program. Healthcare is a human right, and working- class families need affordable doctors for their kids. This is especially true for Latinos. More than half of Latino children have Medicaid or CHIP coverage. Congress must act immediately to pass a five-year extension for CHIP funding. Every day we delay, we give families an-other reason to worry—that their son or daughter will fall sick and they won’t be able to afford a doctor. That ongoing care for a chronically ill child will become too expensive. That hospitals will close their doors to them. It’s time to stop playing politics and get to work on a bipartisan reauthorization for CHIP. 
f 
HONORING DIANE GLASSER 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Diane Glasser, a com-mitted public servant in South Florida who passed away on October 10th at 89 years of age. Diane served for over 40 years as an ac-tivist, Broward School Board member, City Commissioner, and Vice Mayor of the City of Tamarac. From her childhood and career in Brooklyn to her many years in South Florida, her pas-sion for activism made an impact on everyone she met. She was never shy about urging oth-ers to fulfill their civic duty by voting, even when she wasn’t on the ballot. And she was always encouraging of my efforts, working with me on many initiatives to strengthen the com-munity. In addition to holding elected office, Diane served on several boards, including the Senior Advisory Task Force and the Broward Human Rights Board. She selflessly used her voice to advocate for those whose voices she felt weren’t adequately heard. Diane also had unique experiences rep-resenting the State of Florida as a delegate to the past six Democratic National Conventions and as an elector in the 1996 and 2000 Elec-toral Colleges. Our community has lost a leader whose service will always be appreciated and re-membered. I am honored to have called Diane Glasser my friend. HONORING THE CAREER OF LOU PARDINI HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legendary career of Mr. Lou Pardini. Lou is a Grammy nominated keyboardist, vo-calist, composer and Fresno, California native. For the last 8 years he has been a member of the legendary rock band Chicago. Lou has successfully worked alongside various high profile musicians throughout his career. He is a distinguished composer that has base fans all over the world. Lou Pardini was born in Omaha, Nebraska and raised in Fresno. He attended local schools including my alma mater San Joaquin Memorial High School. Lou would go on to at-tend Fresno City College and California State University, Fresno. Eventually he enrolled at the renowned Berklee School of Music in Bos-ton to follow in his favorite musician’s foot-steps. Lou met and married the love of his life Betsey and the two would eventually move to Los Angeles, where Lou could fully pursue his music career. Lou’s natural talent was apparent early on in his childhood. He could easily perform songs on the piano by ear. His parents took notice and enrolled him in private guitar and piano lessons when he was just five years old. As he grew older his taste in music progressed. Among his favorite artists were Stevie Won-der, Donny Hathaway, Marvin Gaye, Led Zep-pelin, Deep Purple, and Black Sabbath. Lou is a remarkable multitalented artist. He is known for his work with Stevie Wonder, The Doobie Brothers, The Temptations, Elton John, Smokey Robinson, Earth, Wind and Fire, Patti Austin, Larry Carlton and many more. He has worked with artists in Rock/Pop, R&B, Jazz, Blues and Gospel genres. Lou’s biggest break came when his song ‘‘Just To See Her’’ was recorded by the leg-endary Smokey Robinson. The song won Smokey his first and only Grammy for ‘‘Best Rhythm and Blues Vocal’’. Lou has also re-corded two solo albums which are fan favor-ites to this day. In 2009, he got a call that would truly change his life. Following the departure of longtime member Bill Champlin, Lou was asked to join Chicago on a permanent basis. This was the culmination of a career marked by hard work and a true passion for his craft. He continues to build his fan base around the world. As a member of Chicago, Lou tours the world, drawing sell-out crowds wherever they go. On April 8, 2016, Chicago was in-ducted into the 31st Rock and Roll Hall of Fame cementing their place in history. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I ask that you to join me in celebrating the ca-reer of Lou Pardini as he makes his home-coming to the city of Fresno. We are honored to have Chicago performing today at the Big Fresno Fair. I ask you to join me in wishing Lou and his family continued success and prosperity. HONORING THE LIFE OF LESTER MANDELL HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Lester Mandell, who transformed countless communities in central Florida though his work as a builder and trans-formed countless lives through his generosity as a philanthropist. Lester passed away re-cently at the age of 96, leaving behind a large and loving family, but his legacy will live on. Born in a hardscrabble Brooklyn neighbor-hood, and a veteran of World War II, Lester did not graduate from college. However, nei-ther his lack of formal education nor the anti- Semitism he frequently faced could stop Les-ter from achieving his professional goals, be-cause they were no match for his talent, te-nacity and toughness. Lester’s life was a quintessentially American story of success earned though hard, disciplined, joyful work. As one of Lester’s grandsons said about his grandfather: ‘‘He believed that, if you did things the right way, you would get the right result.’’ This is the essence of character. Lester was a master builder, in both the lit-eral and figurative sense. The homes, neigh-borhoods, and public parks he developed throughout central Florida over the course of many decades are his most visible legacy. Lester also built bonds of a more intangible nature. He donated generously to many causes he cared about, from scholarships for inner-city children to support for the Jewish community he loved so much. Lester often do-nated anonymously and rarely spoke about his donations, even to his own family. As his grandson recounts, Lester was a se-rious man who did serious work, but he did not take himself too seriously. He had a sense of humor and light-heartedness that disarmed friend and stranger alike. Lester’s greatest legacy, of course, is his family. He leaves behind his wife and partner for life, Sonia. They were married for 70 years. Sonia and Lester had four children, eight grandchildren, and five great-grandchildren. I know they miss Lester. But I hope their loss is eased by the knowledge that Lester was a great man and, even more importantly, a good man. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO LOCAL SOUTH FLORIDA ARTIST, XA-VIER CORTADA 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a constituent and local South Florida artist, Xavier Cortada, and congratulate him on his inaugural art exhibit titled ‘‘Florida Is’’ at the Hibiscus Gallery at Pinecrest Gar-dens. Throughout the years, Xavier’s passion has been to generate awareness for our environ-ment and global climate change through his art work. His work is included at my alma mater, Flor-ida International University, where he serves as Artist-in-Residence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.033 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1376 October 12, 2017 
His current exhibit ‘‘Florida Is’’ truly allows viewers to immerse themselves in the beauty of Florida’s natural beauty. His exhibition will be available until Novem-ber 15th at Pinecrest Gardens where visitors will have the opportunity to connect with his incredible art while walking around the garden. Mr. Speaker, I would once again like to con-gratulate Xavier Cortada and invite my fellow colleagues to celebrate our nation’s artists and their endeavor to change the world through the power of art. 
f 
HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE MARKUP 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, as we heard yesterday in testimony from General Wald, the Iran deal ‘‘places Iran on a trajec-tory to become as intractable a challenge as North Korea is today—and very possibly worse.’’ The general noted that ‘‘while Pyongyang’s relentless pursuit of nuclear weapons has only deepened its isolation and driven it toward bankruptcy, the JCPOA is doing the opposite for Iran.’’ It was clear from the beginning that this deal was deeply flawed. It was clear that it was based on a fundamentally misguided premise: that Iran’s manifest desire for a nuclear weap-on could be considered separate from its de-velopment of a delivery capacity for that weap-on or from the rest of Iran’s violent campaign for regional hegemony. It should be self-evi-dent that a nuclear warhead without a delivery vehicle is not going very far very fast. Iran’s ballistic missile program is inseparable from its desire to impose nuclear blackmail on the U.S., Israel, and other regional allies. Iran also exports its extremist revolution through proliferation of conventional weapons to terrorist proxies. The deal gave Iran an infu-sion of an estimated $115 billion dollars in unfrozen assets—and as John Kerry said in an interview that was carried by CNN, we don’t know where that money is going and it will probably wind up in the terrorists’ hands— not to mention other financial sweeteners like the $1.7 billion in small bills. As we heard yes-terday, this money has helped Iran extend its malign influence to an unprecedented extent across the region—in Syria, Iraq, Lebanon, and Yemen. I’d like to thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leadership on Iran these past several years, of which yesterday’s hearing was but one exam-ple. Today we are considering one key meas-ure, the Chairman’s H.R. 1698, the Iran Bal-listic Missiles and International Sanctions En-forcement Act, which enjoys broad support in the House with 320 co-sponsors. This bill ex-pands sanctions against organizations and in-dividuals that facilitate Iran’s ballistic missile program as well as its trade in conventional weapons. This bill is critical to our national se-curity and that of our allies in the region, espe-cially our good friend and ally Israel. It’s time we start turning the tide back against Iran to guarantee that it never realizes its genocidal designs on the Jewish State or the other free-dom-loving peoples of the region. We help do that by passing H.R. 1698 out of committee. It is a bill I have cosponsored and I strongly support. I also strongly support the Taiwan Travel Act (H.R. 535) and commend Chairman CHABOT for introducing this legislation, of which I am a cosponsor. The Communist Party leadership in China has tried to isolate democratic Taiwan, pres-suring countries to break diplomatic relations and bullying the UN and multi-lateral agencies, such as the World Health Organization and INTERPOL, to exclude Taiwan from member-ship. These actions have created needless blind spots in global anti-terrorism cooperation and hampered coordination on key global health issues. Just this March, the Center for Disease Control (CDC) confirmed the first human fatal-ity from the H7N9 avian flu in Taiwan. This is a pressing global concern, as we know that SARS virus spread from Mainland China and Taiwan in past. The U.S. and Taiwan are cooperating in containing H7N9 virus, as we did 14 years ago to contain SARS. As such, China’s ac-tions to exclude Taiwan from the WHO and other international bodies is dangerous and unacceptable. Taiwan should be allowed to join the WHO. It is not only an interest of Tai-wan, it is in the interest of global public health. Restrictions on the travel of Taiwanese offi-cials to the U.S. and on high-level U.S. offi-cials to Taiwan are self-imposed rules in-tended to placate Mainland China. In the cur-rent strategic climate, these rules are now counterproductive and the policy should be changed. We should be expanding cooperation with Taiwan on a number of fronts, particularly now that Communist China has stepped up efforts to isolate and bully democratic Taiwan. If China persists in its efforts to exclude Taiwan from international bodies like Interpol and WHO and the International Civilian Aviation Organization, the U.S. should be sending cabi-net level officials from HHS, Transportation, and the Justice Department to consult with Taiwanese officials—and to host their counter-parts here in Washington. Such meetings will advance and protect American interests. Under Xi Jinping’s leadership, China has become more repressive domestically, more protectionist in its trade policies, and more as-sertive globally. As documented by the Con-gressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC), which I cochair with Senator M
ARCO  R
UBIO, China’s domestic repression is the fuel for its international aggression, threatening American jobs and security, including in the South China Sea, in the Taiwan Straits, and in Hong Kong, where the ‘‘one country, two sys-tem’’ model is fast eroding. China has also im-prisoned Taiwanese citizen and democracy advocate Lee Ming-che, whose wife Lee Ching-yu, sat in this very room in July at a hearing I chaired and asked the international community to work for her husband’s release. China will never be happy with U.S.-Taiwan policy or the Taiwan Relations Act. Communist China will never be placated by our self-im-posed restrictions on travel and consultations. We should not try. As China squeezes Tai-wan’s international space and openly threat-ens it militarily, the U.S. must have more di-rect consultations with democratic Taiwan, not less. HONORING EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE AND THE LEGACY OF CAP-TAIN CHARLES E. YEAGER HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an integral component of Califor-nia’s 23rd Congressional District and the U.S. Air Force—Edwards Air Force Base—and the life and legacy of Captain Charles E. Yeager, who played an essential role in achieving a critical milestone in U.S. aviation history. This year, the United States Air Force ob-serves its 70th birthday. Edwards Air Force Base, the second largest base in the Air Force, has long played an important role in the success and development of this branch and its weaponry. From the 412th Test Wing to the NASA Armstrong Flight Research Cen-ter, Edwards has always been a leader in de-veloping and testing new technology to ensure that our warfighters operate with the most ad-vanced weapons systems and platforms. Coincidentally, the Air Force also celebrates the 70th anniversary of the very first super-sonic flight, which occurred at Edwards Air Force Base, this year. Captain Charles E. Yeager became the fastest man in the sky on October 14, 1947, when he flew faster than the speed of sound in the rocket-powered Bell X–1, high above Edwards and over Southern California’s famed Mojave Desert. Captain Yeager paved the way for a new era of air and space travel on that day and ushered in the development and eventual practical use of the X-Plane, an advancement that has greatly benefited NASA and the U.S. Air Force. I want to recognize Captain Yeager’s fearlessness and desire for adventure, which was pivotal in advancing American aviation. Throughout its history, Edwards Air Force Base has always remained on the forefront of various scientific initiatives and discoveries. After Captain Yeager broke the sound barrier, pilots at Edwards were eventually able to fly at more than six times the speed of sound. Addi-tionally, and among many other accomplish-ments, the very first space shuttle mission landed at Edwards on April 12, 1981. As we celebrate the Air Force’s 70th year, it is impor-tant to take a moment to recognize the rich legacy and history of installations like Edwards, which, having been established in 1933, predates the creation of the Air Force itself. Prior to the establishment of the United States Air Force in 1947, Edwards was the Muroc Army Airfield. I am reminded of Edwards Air Force Base every time I get the opportunity to visit the Smithsonian’s Air and Space museum here in Washington, D.C. The very Bell X–1, in which Captain Yeager broke the sound barrier, is displayed in the main hall on the first floor of the museum. It serves as a reminder of the critical importance that Edwards has played to advance the greater mission of the Air Force. I am incredibly grateful for the many men and women who have served and currently serve at Edwards Air Force Base. Their cre-ativity, dedication, and sacrifice reflects the same spirit that Captain Charles Yeager ex-emplified 70 years ago. Edwards plays an im-portant role in California’s 23rd Congressional District, and this is due to my constituents who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.037 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1377 October 12, 2017 
work tirelessly to innovate and to further its mission. I wish Edwards, and the United States Air Force, many more years of innova-tion and success. 
f 
CELEBRATING ALL PEOPLES COM-MUNITY CENTER’S 75TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate All Peoples Community Center, a community-based organization in my 40th Congressional District, on the celebration of its 75th Anniversary. The center was originally founded as All Peoples Christian Center in the 1920s, in the historic area of South Los Angeles. During World War II, the center was vacated due to the tragic relocation of its Japanese American members to internment camps. In 1942, Pastor Dan Genung and his wife Frances moved from Chicago to Los Angeles with the primary goal of establishing a church, and founded the All Peoples Christian Church. Pastor Genung was hired to minister to the re-maining Japanese American families and other community members who were African American, Latino, Armenian, and Chinese, and this multicultural community made an impact on Pastor Genung’s vision to turn the church into a ‘‘house of prayer for all peoples.’’ Over time, Pastor Genung saw the need to minister to not only the spiritual needs of the people in the community, but to their social needs as well. In the early history of the church, the min-ister served both as the pastor to the church and the executive director of the community center. Until 1964, the church and center worked as a single entity, which allowed both of them to pursue their separate but united goals. Over its 75-year history, All Peoples has survived numerous changes in demography and culture while continuing to serve thou-sands of clients. The center is—and has al-ways been—a safe haven, a beacon of hope and help, and a problem solving resource for the community of South Los Angeles. In the 1960s, All Peoples responded to the civil rights movement by opening its doors to social activists for dialogue and discussion. Cesar Chavez and farm workers were hosted on-site during their campaign to defend immi-grants’ rights. During the 1965 Watts Riots, All Peoples remained open and distributed food to community members due to local markets being burned to the ground or closed. As the community transitioned from African American to Latino in the 1970s, the center re-sponded to its new neighbors by hiring staff who were bicultural, and who spoke both English and Spanish. In addition, multicultural activities were held at All Peoples to build a sense of community that was inclusive of the changing demographics in South Los Angeles. All Peoples has become, and continues to be, one of Los Angeles’ most senior and trust-ed place-based community organizations. It helps diverse, economically challenged resi-dents measurably improve and transform their own lives by providing a comprehensive range of vital services, leadership, and hands-on care. Through hard work, perseverance, and dedi-cation to the community, Saundra Bryant has been the Executive Director of All Peoples for the past 34 years. Her first experience with All Peoples was as a two-year-old in the center’s day care facility. She continued to participate in the center’s programs throughout her ado-lescence, and served as a summer employee during college. Her commitment and passion for her community is demonstrated by her life-long tenure of serving others. In 2016, All Peoples was designated by the City of Los Angeles Housing and Community Investment Department to operate as the new FamilySource Center for the Southeast area of Los Angeles. The center’s philosophy has an emphasis on education as the tool for suc-cessful community building. Thus, all of its programs have an educational component that integrates entire families and individuals. All Peoples is also committed to providing em-ployment opportunities and leadership devel-opment to all community members. All Peoples offers its neighbors a com-prehensive after-school program, parenting and women’s leadership classes, community micro-farming, financial literacy and health education workshops, case management, food distribution, a VITA Center, and the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program (RSVP). It also offers YouthSource, FamilySource, and WorkSource services that provide training to new employees, and retraining to those whose traditional skills have become obsolete; immi-gration services, which provide residency es-tablishment, legal services, and education about basic rights and obligations; English as a Second Language classes; domestic vio-lence support groups and counseling; and ex-tended day care. All Peoples Community Center is proudly celebrating its 75th Anniversary of continuous service to the community, and will hold its an-nual gala on October 19, 2017. The 75th Anniversary gala will feature awards for three special honorees. First, ac-tress, model, and recording star Meredith O’Connor will receive the Inspiration Award for her strong public advocacy on bullying and do-mestic violence issues. Ms. O’Connor is also a Celebrity Youth Ambassador for United Na-tions Project 50/50. The Dan B. Genung Visionary Leadership Award will be given to Anne Tremblay, Direc-tor of the Los Angeles Mayor’s Office Gang Reduction and Youth Development Program. The Joe Ide Spirit of Community Award will be given to Ricardo Mendoza, Associate Vice President for Community Outreach and Busi-ness Development for Lee Andrews Group, a public relations firm. I hope my colleagues will join me in sending best wishes and congratulations to All Peoples Community Center on its 75th Anniversary. The center has played a vital role in providing services to families in South Los Angeles over the past 75 years. I wish All Peoples Commu-nity Center continued success as it continues to enhance and empower our communities. TRIBUTE TO THOMAS DAY, JR. HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Thomas Day, Jr., who was tragically killed during the massacre at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada on Sunday, October 1, 2017. Tom was born and raised in my home-town of Corona, California. He will be greatly missed. After graduating from Corona High School, Tom attended Riverside Community College and later went to work for the home building company, Portrait Construction, that was founded by his father. Those who worked with Tom knew him as someone who was easy to talk to and get along with. Tom Sr., Tom Jr. and the entire Day family have been active members of the Corona community for many years and made a number of contributions to many organizations in and around the city. Tom Jr. had many passions in life. He loved sports and rooting for the Los Angeles Angels and Pittsburgh Steelers. He especially loved playing and coaching baseball. Attending con-certs and music festivals with his children was a win-win for Tom because it allowed him to do two things he loved at one time—listen to music and spend time with his family. Tom was attending the Route 91 Harvest country music festival with his children when he was senselessly taken from us, along with so many others. Our hearts ache for all of those whose lives were cut short and forever impacted by the evil acts of that evening. I had the distinct privilege of knowing Tom and the Day family for many years, and there are simply no words that soften the heart-breaking loss of Tom’s kind and caring soul. I extend my heartfelt condolences to his daugh-ters Whitney, Candice and Kelsey, his son Nolan, the extended Day family, as well as his friends and colleagues. Although Tom may be gone, I know that the joy and happiness he brought to those around him will endure. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY CORONER GOSS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Lumpkin County’s Deputy Coroner Frank Goss. Recently, the Georgia Coroner’s Association awarded him the title of Deputy Coroner of the Year—a hard-earned honor given to only one nominee each year. When Deputy Coroner Goss first assumed leadership in the Lumpkin County Coroner’s office, he had a difficult job ahead of him. For-tunately for my friends in Lumpkin County, he wasn’t afraid to rise to the occasion—to put in the extra hours, to make the tough decisions, and to offer support to families as they grieve the loss of a loved one. Deputy Goss’s empathy for his community, along with his professional experience, made him the obvious choice for Deputy Coroner of the Year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.039 E12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1378 October 12, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, adversity cultivates strength in leadership—as exemplified by Deputy Goss. I thank him for his service to our friends and neighbors back home, and applaud him for his new title and the continued impact that he will make on northeast Georgia. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ARTE AME´RICAS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Arte Ame´ricas on the occasion of their 30th anniversary. Arte Ame´ricas is the largest Latino Cultural Arts Center in the San Joaquin Valley, located in the heart of my dis-trict in downtown Fresno, California. Since its creation 30 years ago, Arte Ame´ricas has made a significant impact on the Valley by making the arts accessible to the local com-munity. Beginning in rented space in downtown Fresno in 1987, Arte Ame´ricas has developed into a significant center on Van Ness Avenue, housing the Valley’s Latino arts culture. Arte Ame´ricas serves the important role of both preserving Latino culture and introducing it to the Valley. The museum not only showcases Arts in Mexico, Latin America, the Southwest, and California, but an array of cultures from throughout the Central Valley. Arte Ame ´ricas has become a hub of activity for the Latino and arts communities, frequently hosting re-ceptions, meetings and special presentations. They frequently collaborate with local groups furthering their mission ‘‘To make Central Cali-fornia a flourishing place for Latino arts.’’ Over the years Arte Ame´ricas has been for-tunate to have the support of a truly dedicated and vibrant staff, board members, and de-voted volunteers. Their hard work has been the key to their years of successful events, in-stallations and exhibits. Over the years poets, musicians, playwrights, novelists, sculptors, writers, dancers, and painters both local and from across the world have been featured at Arte Ame´ricas. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating Arte Ame´ricas’ 30th anni-versary. I look forward to the opportunity to continue to work together to further the arts in the Central Valley. Once again, congratula-tions on this special milestone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12OC8.042 E12OCPT1
D1079 Thursday, October 12, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 8:30 a.m., on Friday, October 13, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 42 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4028–4069; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 118; H. Con. Res. 85; and H. Res. 569–573 were introduced.
                                                Pages H8029–31 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8032–34 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 3669, to improve and streamline security procedures related to general aviation and commer-cial charter air carrier utilizing risk-based security standards, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–346).
                                   Page H8029 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Byrne to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7977 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:25 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7986 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Joshua Leu, First Christian Church, Great Bend, Kansas.
                              Page H7986 
Recess: The House recessed at 1:48 p.m. and recon-vened at 1:55 p.m.
                                                   Page H8004 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:37 p.m. and recon-vened at 2:40 p.m.
                                                   Page H8008 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018—Motion to go to Conference: The House agreed by unanimous consent to disagree to the Senate amendment and request a conference on H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.                                   Pages H8004–08, H8008–09, H8009–10 
Rejected the Langevin motion to instruct con-ferees by a yea-and-nay vote of 184 yeas to 237 nays, Roll No. 564.
                                  Pages H8004–08, H8808–09 
Agreed to the Thornberry motion to close por-tions of the conference by a yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas to 8 nays, Roll No. 565.
                     Pages H8009–10 
Later, the Chair appointed the following conferees: From the Committee on Armed Services, for con-sideration of the House bill and the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Thornberry, Wilson of South Caro-lina, LoBiondo, Bishop of Utah, Turner, Rogers of Alabama, Franks of Arizona, Shuster, Conaway, Lam-born, Wittman, Coffman, Hartzler, Austin Scott of Georgia, Cook, Stefanik, Knight, Bacon, Smith of Washington, Brady of Pennsylvania, Davis of Cali-fornia, Langevin, Larsen of Washington, Cooper, Bordallo, Courtney, Tsongas, Garamendi, Speier, Veasey, and Gabbard.
                                              Page H8012 
From the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, for consideration of matters within the juris-diction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Representatives Nunes, Stewart, and Schiff. 
                                                                                            Page H8012 
From the Committee on the Budget, for consider-ation of sec. 1262 of the House bill, and sec. 4 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Johnson of Ohio, Bergman, and Yarmuth.
                                        Page H8012 
From the Committee on Education and the Work-force, for consideration of secs. 221, 551, 555, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12OC7.REC D12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1080 October 12, 2017 
3509 of the House bill, and secs. 236, 551–53, 3116, 5508, and 6001 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Foxx, Byrne, and Scott of Virginia. 
                                                                                            Page H8012 
From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 313, 314, 601, 723, 727, 729, 732, 3118, and 3122 of the House bill, and secs. 601, 701, 725, 732, 1089A, 1625, and 3114 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Representatives Walden, Bar-ton, and Pallone.
                                                        Page H8012 
From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of sec. 862 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Barr, Williams, and Maxine Waters of California.
                                                                      Page H8012 
From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for con-sideration of secs. 864, 1032, 1039, 1040, 1058, 1201, 1203–05, 1211, 1222, 1223, 1231, 1232, 1234, 1243, 1246, 1247, 1265, 1270A, 1272, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, 1687, 2841, and 3117 of the House bill, and secs. 111, 861, 867, 1011, 1203–05, 1212, 1213, 1231–33, 1241–45, 1250, 1261–63, 12708, 1270C, 1282, 1283, 1301, 1302, 1531, and 1651 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Royce of California, Donovan, and Engel.
                                                                              Page H8012 
From the Committee on the Judiciary, for consid-eration of secs. 515, 1062, 1063, 1067, 1080, 1695, 2843, and 3510 of the House bill, and secs. 520A, 529, 1035, 1081, 1083, 1217, 1264, and 14013 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Goodlatte, Issa, and Conyers.
                                                                          Page H8012 
From the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 601, 1062, 1265, 2827, 2828, 2831, 2832, 2844, 2863, subtitle F of title XXVlll, and sec. 2863 of the House bill, and secs. 311, 338, 601, 1263, 1264, 2850, and 12801 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Westerman, Cheney, and Grijalva.
                                                                         Page H8012 
From the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for consideration of secs. 323, 501, 801, 803, 859–860A, 873, and 1101–09 of the House bill, and secs. 218, 544, 557, 801, 812, 821, 822, 829, 852, 902, 931, 934, 938, 1045, 1093, 1094, 1101, 1102, 1104–06, 1111–13, 2821, 2822, 6005, 6012, 10804, 11023–25, and 11603 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Meadows, Ross, and Lynch.
                                                                              Page H8012 
From the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for consideration of sec. 223 of the House bill and secs. 897, 898, 1662–64, and 6002 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Smith of Texas, Lucas, and Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas.              Page H8012 
From the Committee on Small Business, for con-sideration of secs. 801, 860B, 867, 1701–04, 1711–13, 1721–23, 1731–37, and 1741 of the House bill, and secs. 854, 862, 897, 898, 899C, 10801, and 10802 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representa-tives Chabot, Kelly of Mississippi, and Vela´zquez. 
                                                                                            Page H8012 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for consideration of secs. 122, 311, 546, 601, 1082, 1617, 1695, 3501, 3502, 3505, and 3507–10 of the House bill, and secs. 331, 601, 1048, 6002, 13501, 13502, 13508, 13513, 13607, and 14013 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Representatives Graves of Missouri, Hunter, and Bustos.
      Page H8012 
From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for con-sideration of secs. 572, 573, 576, 578, 1077, and 2841 of the House bill, and secs. 731, 1084, 1088, 1264, 11001, 11008, and 14004 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Roe of Tennessee, Bilirakis, and Walz.
                                                                      Page H8012 
From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 701 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Tiberi, Walorski, and Neal.
       Page H8012 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and agree to the following measure: Providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, with an amendment: H. Res. 569, providing for the concur-rence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, with an amendment, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 353 yeas to 59 nays, Roll No. 566. 
                                                                      Pages H7989–97, H8010 
Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017: The House passed S. 585, to provide greater whistleblower protections for Federal employ-ees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and increased accountability and re-quired discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, by a recorded vote of 420 ayes with none voting ‘‘no’’, Roll No. 568. 
                                                         Pages H7998–H8004, H8010–12 
Rejected the O’Halleran motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 190 yeas to 232 nays, Roll No. 567. 
                                                                Pages H8003–04, H8010–11 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12OC7.REC D12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1081 October 12, 2017 
H. Res. 562, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (S. 585) was agreed to yesterday, October 11th. Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1616, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Com-puter Forensics Institute.
                               Pages H8012–13 
Providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 2266: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 85, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 2266.
                                                                       Pages H8013–14 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. Monday, October 16.
                       Page H8014 
Senate Referral: S. 1595 was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and the Committee on Financial Services. 
                                                                                            Page H8029 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8008–09, H8009–10, H8010, H8010–11, and H8011–12. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY MISSIONS AND MANAGEMENT PRIORITIES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Mis-sions and Management Priorities’’. Testimony was heard from Rick Perry, Secretary, Department of En-ergy. 21ST CENTURY TRADE BARRIERS: PROTECTIONIST CROSS BORDER DATA FLOW POLICIES IMPACT ON U.S. JOBS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Trade Barriers: Pro-tectionist Cross Border Data Flow Policies Impact on U.S. Jobs’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: OVERSIGHT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in Amer-ica: Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’. Testimony was heard from Dr. Ben Carson, M.D., Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-tinued a markup on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Sim-plification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1116, the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1585, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of indi-viduals as accredited investors for purposes of the se-curities laws; H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2121, the ‘‘Pension, Endowment, and Mutual Fund Access to Banking Act’’; H.R. 2148, the ‘‘Clarifying Com-mercial Real Estate Loans’’; H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act’’; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 3072, the ‘‘Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection Examination and Reporting Threshold Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3758, the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3857, the ‘‘Protecting Advice for Small Savers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3898, the ‘‘Impeding North Ko-rea’s Access to Finance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3903, the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3911, the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examination Act’’; H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3972, the ‘‘Family Office Technical Correction Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3973, the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’. H.R. 3898, H.R. 2121, H.R. 2396, H.R. 2706, H.R. 2954, H.R. 3312, H.R. 3903, H.R. 3972, H.R. 2148, H.R. 1585, and H.R. 3948 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 1116, H.R. 1699, H.R. 3072, H.R. 3971, H.R. 477, H.R. 3911, H.R. 3857, H.R. 3973, H.R. 1645, H.R. 2201, and H.R. 3758 were ordered reported, with-out amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 535, the ‘‘Taiwan Travel Act’’; and H.R. 1698, the ‘‘Iran Ballistic Missiles and Inter-national Sanctions Enforcement Act’’. H.R. 1698 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 535 was or-dered reported, without amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12OC7.REC D12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1082 October 12, 2017 
ASSESSING FIRST RESPONDER COMMUNICATIONS Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing First Re-sponder Communications’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Ronald Hewitt, U.S. Coast Guard (Ret.), Director, Office of Emergency Com-munications, Department of Homeland Security; Mark Goldstein, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. EMPTY THREAT OR SERIOUS DANGER: ASSESSING NORTH KOREA’S RISK TO THE HOMELAND Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Empty Threat or Serious Danger: Assessing North Korea’s Risk to the Homeland’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4010, the ‘‘Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2228, the ‘‘Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3996, to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court. H.R. 4010 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 2228 and H.R. 3996 were ordered reported, without amendment. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Federal Co-lumbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3916, the ‘‘FISH Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives McMorris Rodgers and Calvert; Alan Mikkelsen, Acting Com-missioner, Bureau of Reclamation; and public wit-nesses. HEARING ON THE 2020 CENSUS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing on the 2020 Census’’. Testimony was heard from Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., Secretary, Department of Commerce; Rob-ert Goldenkoff, Director of Strategic Issues, Census Issues, Government Accountability Office; David A. Powner, Director of Information Technology Man-agement Issues, Government Accountability Office; Carol N. Rice, Assistant Inspector General, Office of the Economic and Statical Program Assessment, De-partment of Commerce; and a public witness. FOSTERING WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURIAL SUCCESS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Health and Technology held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fostering Women’s Entrepreneurial Success’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT IMPROVEMENTS NEEDED: SBA OIG’S REVIEW OF THE MICROLOAN PROGRAM Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight, and Regulations; and Sub-committee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Im-provements Needed: SBA OIG’s Review of the Microloan Program’’. Testimony was heard from Hannibal ‘‘Mike’’ Ware, Acting Inspector General, Small Business Administration; and William Man-ger, Associate Administrator, Office of Capital Ac-cess, Small Business Administration. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1066, the ‘‘VA Management Align-ment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3122, the ‘‘Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3561, to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit ap-praisers approved by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make appraisals for purposes of chapter 37 of such title based on inspections performed by third parties; H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish assistance for adaptations of residences of vet-erans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; H.R. 3656, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable; and H.R. 3657, to amend title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal ceme-teries. H.R. 1066 and H.R. 3562 were ordered re-ported, without amendment. H.R. 3122, H.R. 3561, H.R. 3656, and H.R. 3657 were ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing on legislation on the Asset and Infrastruc-ture Review Act of 2017; and H.R. 2773, to author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12OC7.REC D12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1083 October 12, 2017 
Hall. Testimony was heard from Representative Coff-man; Dave Wise, Director, Physical Infrastructure Team, Government Accountability Office; Regan L. Crump, Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health, Policy and Planning, Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on legislation to achieve domestic energy independence by empowering States to manage the development and production of oil and gas on available Federal land, and for other purposes, 9 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12OC7.REC D12OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1084 October 12, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Friday, October 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Monday, October 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barraga´n, Nanette Diaz, Calif., E1375 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1374 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1365 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1364 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1368, E1377 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1370 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1372 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1368, E1372, E1377 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1369 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1367, E1370, E1372, E1375, E1378 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1374 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E1365 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1375 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1371 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1369 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1365 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1368 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1365 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1364, E1367 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1371 Hurd, Will, Tex., E1371 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E1374 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1366 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1376 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1374 Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E1375 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1371 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1364, E1367 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1374 Price, David E., N.C., E1373 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E1371 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1366 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1375 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1368, E1377 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1366 Scalise, Steve, La., E1363 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E1367 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1376 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1373 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1374 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1372 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1369 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1373 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1372 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1370 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1370 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12OC7.REC D12OCPT1