Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4393 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 22, 2017 No. 88 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 22, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEGAL-
LAGHER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
FREE RAIF BADAWI AND ALL PRISONERS OF CONSCIENCE IN SAUDI ARABIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, June 17 will mark the fifth anniversary of the arrest of Raif Badawi, a human ac-tivist and writer who created the website ‘‘Free Saudi Liberals.’’ He is a prisoner of conscience sentenced to 1,000 lashes, 10 years in prison, and a 10- year travel ban for exercising his fun-damental right to freedom of expres-sion. He was convicted of violating Saudi Arabia’s draconian information tech-nology law and ‘‘insulting Islam.’’ Since his imprisonment in 2012, Raif’s case has garnered international attention and outrage. For the courage he displayed as a free-speech advocate, he has won many awards, including the Reporters Without Borders World Press Freedom Prize in 2014, the PEN Pinter International Writer of Courage Prize, and the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought in 2015. His writings were a breath of fresh air in a country that ranks 168 out of 180 in Reporters Without Borders 2017 World Press Freedom Index. In January 2015, Raif received the first 50 of the 1,000 lashes ordered by the so-called court that sentenced him. Try to imagine what that means, what it would feel like to have someone whip you 50 times in a row, what it would do to your body, and how it would cut you up and make you bleed. The lashing was carried out in public in front of a mosque as men stood around and cheered. It was barbaric. A week after the first session of flog-ging, a doctor advised prison authori-ties that Raif’s wounds had not healed enough for him to undergo the second round of this brutal punishing. To date, the lashings have not continued, but they could resume at any time. Last year, Raif had to resort to a hunger strike to get access to healthcare. It has been 5 years since he has seen his wife, Ensaf, and his three children. They are growing up, and he is missing it because he dared to write what he thought. I am sorry to say that Raif is not an isolated case. Reporters Without Bor-ders has identified another 10 journal-ists and citizen journalists detained in Saudi Arabia. Waleed Abu al-Khair, a prominent human rights defender and Raif’s law-yer, was sentenced to 15 years in prison for ‘‘harming the reputation of the state by communicating with inter-national organizations’’ and other sup-posed crimes, like ‘‘insulting the judi-ciary and questioning the integrity of judges’’ and ‘‘disobeying the ruler and seeking to remove his legitimacy.’’ Many other human rights defenders are in prison for doing things like set-ting up human rights organizations without permission and calling for pro-tests. All of the founders of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association have been wrongfully put on trial or imprisoned. Mr. Speaker, I understand that Saudi Arabia is an ally of the United States, but we also know that Saudi Arabia’s human rights record is terrible. Ac-cording to our own State Department, ‘‘The most important human rights problems include citizens’ lack of abil-ity and legal means to choose their government, restrictions on universal rights such as freedom of expression, including on the internet, association, movement, and religion, and pervasive gender discrimination and lack of equal rights that affect most aspects of women’s lives.’’ That is not exactly a short list, Mr. Speaker. Yet the President of the United States just traveled to Saudi Arabia without saying a single word in public about human rights, without speaking up even once on behalf of all the people who are wasting away in jails because they chose to defend a cli-ent, advocate for minorities, or call for reform. The President wants to buy coopera-tion in the fight against extremism with a $110 billion arms deal, but Saudi Arabia will not achieve security or sta-bility by repressing peaceful dissent. On the contrary, repression creates the conditions for extremism. Haven’t we learned that lesson by now? Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, a former pris-oner of war, understands what the President does not. We in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.000 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4394 May 22, 2017 
States have long believed moral con-cerns must be an essential part of our foreign policy, not a departure from it. Our values are our great strength and greatest treasure. We have been the country that saw the world as it was and made it better. Mr. Speaker, I am here today in the best tradition of the United States to call for the immediate and uncondi-tional release of Raif Badawi, who must be allowed to be reunited with his wife and children in Canada. And I call also for all of the other prisoners of conscience in Saudi Arabia to be re-leased. The United States must not be silent while people sit in prison for exercising their most basic human rights. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF FALLEN OFFI-CERS JASON GARNER AND RASCHEL JOHNSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I sadly rise to honor two fallen officers from my community, Stanislaus Coun-ty Sheriff’s Deputy Jason Garner, and Community Service Officer Raschel Johnson. Deputy Garner and Officer Johnson tragically left this Earth on Saturday, May 13, 2017, as a result of a vehicular collision while en route to a reported residential burglary in Modesto. Both were committed public servants whose watches ended all too soon. Deputy Garner served with the Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Depart-ment for 9
1⁄2years in the operations di-vision and 1 year 3 months in the adult detention division. He was well-liked on both sides of the department. Dur-ing his time in service to our commu-nity, he was recognized for a wide range of accomplishments, including assisting a mother in locating her daughter at Oakdale Reservoir, work-ing with junior high students from Big Valley Christian School to conduct a successful graffiti wipeout for our com-munity, and assisting the probation de-partment and their firearms instruc-tors with radio training to improve their communication skills with the dispatch center. Officer Johnson was a 15-year veteran of Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Depart-ment who was known for going above and beyond. During her time with the department, she was recognized for her contributions to her team as well as our community, which included receiv-ing the Sheriff’s Award for Excellence for coordinating the model of the Pat-terson Police Services substation. She also helped to develop a program to more effectively dispatch community service officers and deputies, and she assisted with the 2006 homicide inves-tigation of California Highway Patrol Officer Earl Scott. Both Deputy Garner and Officer Johnson leave behind an entire com-munity who grieve their loss. Their bravery and committed service will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the lives of Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Deputy Jason Garner and Community Service Officer Raschel Johnson. My deepest gratitude and sympathies go out to their families and our law enforcement community as they forge ahead with-out their loved ones. May God bless and keep them always. f 
RECOGNIZING MILITARY CAREGIVERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Military Caregiver Month, I would like to recognize a population of heroes who often remain in the shadows: mili-tary caregivers. Currently there are over 5 million military and veteran caregivers in the United States. This number continues to grow as our troops abroad place themselves in harm’s way. I recently sat down with one of my heroes, Senator Elizabeth Dole, who shed a light on this important popu-lation. While she spent time with Kan-sas Senator Bob Dole at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in 2011, she noticed the many caregivers around her and the unique challenges that they face. Following this dis-covery, she established a foundation to raise awareness and serve as a resource for these hidden heroes. I am a proud member of the Hidden Heroes Caucus, which raises awareness and develops legislation in support of caregivers. I urge my colleagues to join this wonderful congressional caucus of hidden heroes. 
STROKE AWARENESS MONTH  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to address Stroke Aware-ness Month. Stroke is the Nation’s number five killer, the second leading cause of dementia, and one of the lead-ing causes of long-term disability. During this important month of awareness, we in Congress must realize that we have a chance to make a dif-ference. The FAST Act would expand access to telehealth-eligible home stroke services under Medicare. I have personally witnessed one of Kansas’ greatest victories in healthcare, where my alma mater, Kansas University Medical Center, led the Kansas Stroke Collaborative, where, through telemedicine, we have saved thousands of lives and prevented literally hundreds—perhaps thou-sands—of long-term injuries as well. The American Stroke Association says that 80 percent of strokes are pre-ventable, and the more strokes we end, the more lives we will save. Strokes kill more than 133,000 Ameri-cans annually. We can bring that num-ber down, and I hope my colleagues will join us in that effort. As a physi-cian, I know how important and, in many cases, how necessary these serv-ices are. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation and always re-main open to innovative solutions in the medical industry, like telemedi-cine. ERADICATING POLIO  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about something very near and dear to my heart: the efforts to eradicate polio. Truly, Mr. Speaker, we are this close to ending polio. Once a widespread global epidemic, it is now only endemic in two countries: Afghanistan and Pakistan. When I was district governor of Ro-tary just a few short years ago, we were reporting 17 to 18 cases per year. And I am so excited that we have only had 2 reported cases this year. There is one organization that has led this charge, though many have helped, but Rotary has led this since 1979, literally vaccinating over 2.5 bil-lion people in 122 countries. As a former Rotary district governor, I spent some time this past weekend at Fort Hays State University celebrating Rotary and all we have done, including the celebration of international stu-dents and the peace awards that they receive through our scholarships. There is no cure for polio. It is pre-ventable by a very simple vaccine. It is vital that we aid these last handful of countries, get us over the finish line with these resources, and end our fight against polio so we can tell future gen-erations: Like smallpox, polio is no longer in this country. 
f 
REMEMBERING PRESIDENT KENNEDY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, today we are one week away from Memorial Day. On May 29, we will celebrate Memorial Day this year. But this also, remarkably, would be the 100th birthday of President John Fitz-gerald Kennedy. It is hard to believe when we think of President Kennedy, his youthful vigor, the popular appeal that he had not only in this country and around the world, and forever in our hearts and minds, that vision of grace and dignity and wit and humor and public service and dedication. It was President Kennedy, of course, who said we will put a man on the Moon and do it within 10 years, and we did it in 9. Amongst his great legacies, of course, is that President Kennedy founded and was the creator of the Peace Corps. President Kennedy felt in those troubling times when there was the threat of nuclear annihilation, that what we needed to do is send forward America’s best, let the world see what America is truly about. So he engaged this great Nation in the effort of send-ing our brightest and best abroad. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 May 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.002 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4395 May 22, 2017 
Today, many Americans might be surprised to know that in a nation of more than 330 million people, less than 1 percent—let me repeat that again, less than 1 percent—of the Nation serves in all of our military, including our Reserves and National Guard and in the Peace Corps, AmeriCorps VISTA, Teach For America, Senior Corps, City Year, and Corporation for National and Community Service. b1215 The Corporation for National and Community Service has indicated, last year more than 400,000 of your fellow Americans wanted to serve their coun-try, and yet they were turned away be-cause of a lack of financing. Imagine in this day and age, with our budgets coming out, when we know, in fact, from all sources that the volunteerism that is provided more than pays for itself at almost a 4-to-1 clip. That is why, this Thursday, we are going to drop a bill on national service. It is called ACTION, because that is what this country needs. We find too many Americans who want to serve their nation but are unable to do so, es-pecially those who want to serve in a capacity other than the United States military. So it is up to this Congress to make sure that we provide an alter-native to do just that. So we will drop a bill this week and are looking for original cosponsors who will sign on to that bill that says simply this: If you are willing to serve your country in any of those capacities, if you are will-ing to serve your country, we will help you get a college education. If you have a college education and you have been out looking for a job, and you have been unsuccessful, but you still would like experience and to serve your country, we will pay for that as well. The bottom line: Serve your country, and we will take care of your college debt or help you get to college. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing upon the men and women of this, the people’s House, as they return from a weekend at home. Help them, and, indeed, help us all to obey Your law, to do Your will, and to walk in Your way. We ask Your blessing this day as our President visits holy sites in the Mid-dle East and the various leaders in the region. Grant that Your children of dif-ferent cultures and faiths might come together in peace and understanding. May all that is done this day be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST OVERSEAS VISIT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, President Donald Trump gave a remarkable speech yesterday during his first overseas visit. Speaking to over 50 representatives from Muslim nations, the President outlined the fu-ture for positive relations between the United States and predominantly Mus-lim nations around the world. The President’s remarks in Saudi Arabia were extraordinary. I was espe-cially grateful to hear his call for unity of all people and all regional faiths— Islam, Christianity, and Judaism—as well as a strong condemnation of Is-lamic extremism and terrorism. President Trump remarked: ‘‘We pray this special gathering may some-day be remembered as the beginning of peace in the Middle East—and maybe, even all over the world. But this future can only be achieved through defeating terrorism and the ideology that drives it.’’ The President also cited 95 percent of victims of terrorism are Muslim. I appreciate the warm welcome the President received in Saudi Arabia as he promotes peace through strength. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the family of Navy Captain Ken Clark of Swansea, South Carolina, a Naval Academy graduate of great service. INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIAN MEDDLING IN U.S. ELECTION (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that a special prosecutor has been named to conduct an independent investigation into Russia’s meddling in our 2016 election and any connections between the Trump campaign and Rus-sia. Appointing Robert Mueller is a step in the right direction, but he must be able to operate independently, without interference from the White House, without interference, even, from the Justice Department or any other ad-ministration officials. We must also keep in mind that this particular investigation will be limited in its scope in the sense that it will be looking only at counterintelligence issues and only at potential crimi-nality arising out of the investigation. What it won’t do is give us that bigger picture, give the American people the sense of the connection that may have occurred between the campaign of Don-ald Trump and the Russians. In order to get to that, in order to re-store faith and confidence in our de-mocracy and our national security, we need an independent commission to look at that bigger picture and let Con-gress deal with the big questions that the American people sent us here to ad-dress. That is the direction we must take. 
f 
VICTOR ACT (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the promise we made to our veterans and introduce the Veterans Increased Choice for Transplanted Or-gans and Recovery Act of 2017, the VIC-TOR Act. The VICTOR Act will allow veterans who live more than 100 miles from one of the Nation’s 14 VA transplant cen-ters to receive care at a local, federally certified facility. From Florida’s Second District, the closest VA facility which performs heart, lung, and liver transplants is in Nashville, Tennessee. A veteran in Ocala would have to travel more than 600 miles to receive a new liver, despite there being seven federally certified centers in Florida. As a surgeon, I know that timely organ transplants can make the dif-ference between life and death, and yet our veterans sit on waiting lists for or-gans they may never receive. Govern-ment bureaucracy should not hurt our Nation’s veterans when they are in des-perate need of care. The VICTOR Act will give those who fought for our free-dom a fighting chance here at home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 May 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.004 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4396 May 22, 2017 
FARM BUREAU CENTENNIAL (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the centen-nial anniversary of the Nebraska Farm Bureau Federation, our State’s leading and largest farm organization. Since 1917, Nebraska Farm Bureau has been a grassroots, statewide orga-nization led by farmers and ranchers who work to enhance and strengthen the lives of all Nebraskans. This Fed-eration of 85 county farm bureaus has more than 61,000 member families in all 93 Nebraska counties. For 100 years, Nebraska Farm Bureau has united our State’s farm and ranch families under a common banner, doing together what they cannot do alone. Through the power of their grassroots policy development process, Nebraska Farm Bureau remains the trusted voice for Nebraska farm and ranch families. This year marks the 100th anniver-sary of the Farm Bureau’s existence, and we congratulate the organization and all of its members on reaching this important milestone. We are excited for what the next 100 years have in store. 
f 
REMEMBERING KEVIN MAINHART (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Lieuten-ant Deputy Kevin Mainhart. A Yell County Sheriff’s deputy, Kevin was killed during a traffic stop on May 11, 2017. Lieutenant Mainhart had served as a police officer for 20 years in West Mem-phis, Arkansas, before returning to Yell County 5 years ago to protect and serve his hometown. He lived a life of service that his wife, Pam, and two sons, Lucas and Cody, can be proud of. While words will never be able to console the pain and grief his family, community, and the State of Arkansas feel, we can take solace in the words of Christ, who said: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ Yell County has lost a true friend and a servant. I thank Lieutenant Mainhart for his service and sacrifice and send my most sincere condolences to his friends, family, and all those af-fected by this senseless act of violence. 
f 
CHEMICAL ATTACK IN SYRIA (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, stories from the survivors of Assad’s bombings and chemical attacks are almost impos-sible to read due to the grotesque de-scriptions of innocent people and chil-dren suffocating, foaming at the mouth, and suffering from seizures. If, in 2013, the Obama administration had taken decisive leadership against the use of chemical weapons, insisted on a U.N. strategy to isolate Assad and Russia, verified the elimination of Syr-ia’s chemical weapons stockpile, and created no-fly zones, we might have avoided 500,000 innocent deaths and millions of refugees. Through his appropriate and propor-tionate bombing, President Trump told Assad that America will no longer ig-nore the unspeakable acts of violence against innocent people. We also learned that the U.S.-led coalition air-craft bombed, last week, pro-regime forces after they breached a deconfliction zone and advanced on a base occupied by U.S. special forces. I call on the United Nations to follow America’s lead by pursuing a ceasefire in Syria, creating safe zones, and hold-ing Assad accountable for his war crimes. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1603 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) at 4 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1188) to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1188 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. SEX OFFENDER MANAGEMENT ASSIST-ANCE (SOMA) PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION. 
Section 126(d) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16926(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $20,000,000 for each of the fis-cal years 2018 through 2022, to be available only for the SOMA program.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL ASSIST-ANCE WITH RESPECT TO VIOLA-TIONS OF REGISTRATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 142(b) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16941(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, of amounts made available to the United States Marshals Service, not less than $60,000,000 shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 4. DURATION OF SEX OFFENDER REGISTRA-TION REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN JUVENILES. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 115(b)(2) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16915(b)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘25 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. 
SEC. 5. PUBLIC ACCESS TO JUVENILE SEX OF-FENDER INFORMATION. 
Section 118(c) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16918(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon in paragraph (3); (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) any information about a sex offender for whom the offense giving rise to the duty to reg-ister was an offense for which the offender was adjudicated delinquent; and’’. 
SEC. 6. PROTECTION OF LOCAL GOVERNMENTS FROM STATE NONCOMPLIANCE PEN-ALTY UNDER SORNA. 
Section 125 of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16925(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘jurisdiction’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘State’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subpart 1 of part E’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 505(c)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 3755(c))’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ALCULATION OF ALLOCATION TO UNITS 
OFLOCAL GOVERNMENT .—Notwithstanding the formula under section 505(c) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755(c)), a State which is subject to a re-duction in funding under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) calculate the amount to be made avail-able to units of local government by the State pursuant to the formula under section 505(c) using the amount that would otherwise be allo-cated to that State for that fiscal year under section 505(c) of that Act, and make such amount available to such units of local govern-ment; and ‘‘(2) retain for the purposes described in sec-tion 501 any amount remaining after the alloca-tion required by paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 7. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO BE IN-CLUDED IN ANNUAL REPORT ON EN-FORCEMENT OF REGISTRATION RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 635 of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16991) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than July 1 of each year’’ and inserting ‘‘On January 1 of each year,’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, and an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 May 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.007 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4397 May 22, 2017 
analysis of any common reasons for noncompli-ance with such Act’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (5) by adding after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) the number of sex offenders registered in the National Sex Offender Registry; ‘‘(7) the number of sex offenders registered in the National Sex Offender Registry who— ‘‘(A) are adults; ‘‘(B) are juveniles; and ‘‘(C) are adults, but who are required to reg-ister as a result of conduct committed as a juve-nile; and ‘‘(8) to the extent such information is obtain-able, of the number of sex offenders registered in the National Sex Offender Registry who are ju-veniles— ‘‘(A) the percentage of such offenders who were adjudicated delinquent; and ‘‘(B) the percentage of such offenders who were prosecuted as adults.’’. 
SEC. 8. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in para-graph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 9. CIVIL REMEDY FOR SURVIVORS OF CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 2255(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘ends’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 10. TRIBAL ACCESS PROGRAM. 
The Attorney General is authorized to provide technical assistance, including equipment, to tribal governments for the purpose of enabling such governments to access, enter information into, and obtain information from, Federal criminal information databases, as authorized under section 534(d) of title 28, United States Code. The Department of Justice Working Cap-ital Fund (established under section 527 of title 28, United States Code) may be reimbursed by federally recognized tribes for technical assist-ance provided pursuant to this section. 
SEC. 11. ALTERNATIVE MECHANISMS FOR IN-PER-SON VERIFICATION. 
Section 116 of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16916) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A sex offender shall’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), a sex offender shall’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
LTERNATIVE VERIFICATION METHOD .—A jurisdiction may allow a sex offender to comply with the requirements under subsection (a) by an alternative verification method approved by the Attorney General, except that each offender shall appear in person not less than one time per year. The Attorney General shall approve an alternative verification method described in this subsection prior to its implementation by a jurisdiction in order to ensure that such method provides for verification that is sufficient to en-sure the public safety.’’. 
SEC. 12. CLARIFICATION OF AGGRAVATED SEX-UAL ABUSE. 
Section 111(8) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911(8)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of’’ before ‘‘section 2241 of title 18, United States Code’’. SEC. 13. COMPREHENSIVE EXAMINATION OF SEX OFFENDER ISSUES. 
Section 634(c) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017, the National Institute of Justice shall submit to Congress a report on the public safety impact, recidivism, and collateral consequences of long-term reg-istration of juvenile sex offenders, based on the information collected for the study under sub-section (a) and any other information the Na-tional Institute of Justice determines necessary for such report.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 1188, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. In preventing child victimization, Congress, working in tandem with law enforcement, has long recognized the importance of monitoring sex offend-ers. In 1994, Congress passed the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually Violent Offender Reg-istration Act. This legislation man-dated that States track violent sex of-fenders and establish guidelines for tracking those offenders. Over the years, Congress continued its vigilance in monitoring sex offend-ers, which ultimately culminated in a comprehensive piece of legislation ti-tled the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. Among other things, the Adam Walsh Act estab-lished a national sex offender registry, provided for post-conviction civil com-mitment of certain sex offenders, eliminated the statute of limitations for certain sex offenses against chil-dren, and created an office at the Jus-tice Department specifically designed to monitor sex offenders. Today I am proud to be here on the floor to champion the reauthorization of this landmark legislation. H.R. 1188, the Adam Walsh Reauthor-ization Act of 2017, authorizes funds for the Department of Justice’s Sex Of-fender Management Assistance pro-gram and for the great work the United States Marshals do in locating and ap-prehending fugitive sex offenders who do not comply with the law’s require-ments. H.R. 1188 also contains numerous measures to encourage more States and Tribal jurisdictions to comply with the requirements of the Federal sys-tem, in part by making changes to the law to address concerns some States have expressed. For instance, the bill lowers the du-ration of sex offender registration re-quirements for certain juveniles and allows States to register juveniles ad-judicated delinquent on a nonpublic system. It also clarifies that only juve-niles who commit violent sexual as-saults should be placed on a State reg-istry. The bill also permits alternative methods for in-person verification so that rural jurisdictions can verify loca-tion of offenders remotely, in most in-stances only requiring in-person verifi-cation once per year. H.R. 1188 requires parole officers and pretrial services officers to stay in-formed of the conduct and provide su-pervision of sexually dangerous per-sons. Moreover, the bill strengthens civil remedies for survivors of exploi-tation and trafficking by allowing indi-viduals who were victims of exploi-tation or trafficking as juveniles to have 10 years after becoming an adult to file suit for a civil remedy. Mr. Speaker, we must not forget why we are here. In 1981, Adam Walsh, a 7- year-old boy, was abducted and bru-tally murdered in Hollywood, Florida. His death was devastating. And for many families, that kind of inconsol-able pain would be incapacitating. As a father and grandfather, I cannot even imagine it. We are thankful for the work of the Walsh family, who have dedicated their lives to child advocacy and whose work is responsible for saving the lives of countless children. I am also grateful to our colleague, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , the author of the original Adam Walsh Act, for introducing this reauthoriza-tion bill and for his own tireless advo-cacy on behalf of our Nation’s children. Mr. Speaker, scripture reminds us that ‘‘children are a heritage from the Lord.’’ I urge my colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1188, the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017. For those of us who have met John Walsh and know of his family, it is both unspeakable and unimaginable the feeling that families have faced when a beautiful young child has gone missing and ultimately brutalized and killed. That is what happened to John, his wife, and his family’s beautiful child in 1981. So out of that came a lifelong com-mitment to ending this kind of vio-lence against children, but, more im-portantly, finding the Nation’s worst criminals who would brutalize families and fail to be apprehended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 May 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.002 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4398 May 22, 2017 
The Adam Walsh Act, in particular, established the Sex Offender Registra-tion and Notification Act—often re-ferred to as SORNA—as a national sys-tem for the registration of sex offend-ers. This bill is an important bill, and I want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) again for his energized and effective effort re-authorizing this legislation and his commitment to fighting for the needs of protecting children. We join him in that. I am reminded of the great work of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children and how they have continued their work for years. As they came into fruition, it seemed that chil-dren were missing every day. Violence was perpetrated, but laws were brought about to make a difference. So I support this bill and I raise some reflective thoughts. I am glad that this bill reflects changes to SORNA that were agreed to by the Judiciary Com-mittee when it last reauthorized the Adam Walsh Act in 2012 to improve the requirements for States to register sex offenders, for that was a very difficult system, and some States were com-plying and others were not. Whatever one’s belief may be about the wisdom of sex offender registries, prior to SORNA, many States had al-ready developed sex offender registries on their own and devoted substantial resources to identify the most effective methods to manage sex offenders. In the legislation, there was a certain way that SORNA wanted to handle that, therefore, States were made to disregard those efforts in favor of a one-size-fits-all. One of the principal concerns with SORNA is that it de-prives States of flexibility in dealing with juvenile sex offender registration. I am glad that there is at least a rec-ognition that States have put in good programs, so I am delighted that that flexibility can be addressed. I also think that it is important to note that the bill has to address long-standing implementation issues. As we noted in 2012, although the legislation made some useful reforms, it failed to address fundamental concerns with SORNA, and we are still working to achieve that accomplishment. Commendably, H.R. 1188, however, would allow States discretion in deter-mining whether juvenile sex offender information would be accessible to the public via the internet. Of course, it continues to be a steadfast legal prohi-bition and structure to diminishing—or hopefully diminishing—the sex vio-lence against children. It will reduce the time that certain, but not all, juvenile sex offenders adju-dicated as a delinquent are required to register from 25 to 15 years. The bill has many merits, and I think the changes that have been made are extremely positive, one, in dealing with flexibility, and, two, with recog-nizing some flexibility as it relates to juvenile offenders. This is legislation that many have poured their heart into because they believe that there should be a day when this kind of violence ends, and I hope my colleagues will support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 1188, the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ While it is an improvement over current law dealing with a very important subject, it should do more. This bill is a step forward in our effort to ad-dress concerns about the Sex Offender Reg-istration and Notification Act, commonly known as SORNA. There is no doubt that child sexual exploi-tation is a plague on our country. The mistreatment of children should not be tolerated in any form. Congress has a duty to carefully craft solu-tions to this problem without creating confu-sion or new problems. The creation of a uniform, nationwide stand-ard for sex offender registries in the Adam Walsh Act of 2006 was motivated by laudable goals—prevention and protection. Congress soon found, however, that state implementation of SORNA would not occur quickly or easily. Many states were unable to comply, and some would not comply because of disagree-ments about who should be subject to manda-tory registration. Problems with SORNA were still evident in 2012 when we last considered, but did not complete, reauthorization of the Adam Walsh Act. Now, ten years after enactment, problems with SORNA remain. According to the Department of Justice, Of-fice of Justice Programs (OJP), only 17 states, 3 territories, and 103 Indian tribes, have sub-stantially implemented SORNA. States continue to incur penalties imposed on Byrne Justice Assistance Grants funding for noncompliance, monies that fund essential state and local programs. Juvenile registration is still the most signifi-cant barrier to state implementation of SORNA. Research has shown that treatment of juve-nile sex offenders can and does work through therapy that involves community-based inter-vention, adapted to the needs of juveniles, working within multiple systems—individual, family, and school—to address the various causes of childhood delinquency. Researchers have also found that adoles-cents who completed sexual offender treat-ment had significantly lower recidivism rates than untreated adolescents, whereas registra-tion serves only to marginalize and label youth, causing more harm than good. In order to implement the approaches to the treatment of juvenile offenders that have prov-en successful, states must have flexibility in the manner in which they handle juvenile sex offenders—flexibility that is all but denied to states by SORNA. Although I believe juveniles should be com-pletely removed from registration require-ments, I am glad that this bill includes a provi-sion that allows states to exempt juveniles ad-judicated delinquent for sex offenses from the public website and reduces the time some ju-veniles will be potentially required to register from 25 to 15 years. Under this bill, the Attorney General’s an-nual report to Congress on sex offender reg-istration will now include an analysis of com-mon reasons for state noncompliance, includ-ing more detailed information on offenders, particularly juveniles, including a breakdown of the number of registered offenders who are ju-veniles and adults who are required to register because of statutory rape convictions or other conduct committed as juveniles. Hopefully, this information will inform future efforts to amend SORNA. While this bill includes provisions that ad-dress some of the concerns raised when the Adam Walsh Act was considered by this Com-mittee in 2012, it is clear that work remains to be done if the Act is to ever achieve its pur-pose. I thank Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER for his dedica-tion to this issue. I support this bill—as far as it goes—and hope my colleagues will support efforts to im-prove it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, as the chief sponsor of this legisla-tion, as well as the chief sponsor of the original Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, I rise in support of this legislation and hope that it is swiftly enacted. The Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act, enacted in 2006, is land-mark legislation intended to keep our communities, and, most importantly, our children safe from sex offenders and other dangerous predators. This bipartisan bill strengthened the sex offender registry requirements and enforcement, extended Federal registry requirements to Indian Tribes, and au-thorized funding for Federal programs intended to address and deter child ex-ploitation. b1615 The centerpiece of the Adam Walsh Act is the national Sex Offender Reg-istration and Notification Act, or SORNA for short. SORNA’s goal is to create a seamless national sex offender registry to assist law enforcement ef-forts to detect and track offenders. SORNA provides minimum standards for State sex offender registries and created the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website, which allows law enforcement officials and the gen-eral public to search for sex offenders nationwide from just one website. H.R. 1188, the Adam Walsh Reauthor-ization Act of 2017, reauthorizes two key programs from the original Adam Walsh Act: grants to the States and other jurisdictions to implement the Adam Walsh Act’s sex offender registry requirements and funding for the U.S. marshals to locate and apprehend sex offenders who violate registration re-quirements. These programs are cru-cial to efforts to complete and enforce the national network of sex offender registries, particularly in light of the already passed deadline for States to come into compliance with SORNA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.010 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4399 May 22, 2017 
Based on feedback from the States, H.R. 1188 makes targeted changes to the SORNA sex offender registry re-quirements. The bill changes the period of time after which juveniles adju-dicated delinquent can petition to be removed from the sex offender registry for a clean record from 25 to 15 years, and provides that juveniles do not need to be included on publicly viewed sex offender registries. Instead, it is suffi-cient for juveniles to be included on registries that are only viewed by law enforcement entities. I believe these provisions strike an appropriate bal-ance between being tough on juveniles who commit serious sex crimes and un-derstanding that there can be dif-ferences between adult and juvenile of-fenders. The bill also recognizes the unique challenges that tribes face in imple-menting SORNA. H.R. 1188 provides technical assistance to tribes so they can access, and enter information into, the Federal criminal information data-bases. Finally, H.R. 1188 amends the statute of limitations to allow individuals who were victims of exploitation or traf-ficking as juveniles to have 10 years after becoming an adult to file suit for a civil remedy. It is my hope that, with these commonsense changes, more States will come into compliance. With the passage of this legislation, Congress can send a strong message to all Americans about our continued commitment to keeping our Nation’s children safe. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close. First of all, we will be doing a series of bills that are extremely important, and I will make note of my interest in protecting children, but as well to broaden our work as we work in the Committee on the Judiciary on mat-ters dealing with criminal justice re-form and specifically dealing with the issue of solitary confinement, alter-native sentencing for young people, and Ban the Box. I also hope that we will work on issues dealing with crimi-nal justice reform sentencing reduction that are crucial and prison reform. There is a lot of work for us to do as we do the work on the floor today. People are waiting, and in some instances lan-guishing, in the Nation’s juvenile de-tention centers and various juvenile justice courts for a statement to be made by the Federal Government on seeking a second chance for those who are in the juvenile justice system. As relates to the Adam Walsh legisla-tion, I thank the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) and the other cosponsors of H.R. 1188 for their steadfast work on these issues. Never-theless, as I indicated, let’s do more with respect to dealing with the reg-istration of juvenile offenders in terms of attempting to ensure that they will have an opportunity for rehabilitation. While I hope we may still work to make additional improvements to this legislation, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to again consider the impor-tance of our duty to protect children from sexual predators in as efficient and broad-based manner as we possibly can. I want to thank the continued serv-ice of John Walsh and offer again, as we all do, our deepest expression of re-morse for the loss that he and so many families tragically have experienced at the hands of horrific sexual predators and those who would attack our chil-dren. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant bipartisan legislation. I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. G
OWDY ), and the chief sponsor, the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), for work-ing with me and my staff on this legis-lation. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1188, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GLOBAL CHILD PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1862) to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1862 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Child Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANDING THE DEFINITION OF ILLICIT SEXUAL CONDUCT. 
Section 2423(f)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a sexual act (as defined in section 2246) with’’ and inserting ‘‘any con-duct involving’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘if the sexual act’’ and in-serting ‘‘if the conduct’’. 
SEC. 3. EXPANDING THE DEFINITION OF FED-ERAL SEX OFFENSE. 
Section 3559 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(2)(A)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘2244(a)(1)’’ the fol-lowing ‘‘or 2244(a)(5)’’; (B) by striking the ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘2423(a)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘into prostitution’’; and (D) by inserting ‘‘or 2423(c) (relating to il-licit sexual conduct)’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (2) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘or 2423(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2423(a), or 2423(c)’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1862, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Children are the most vulnerable and innocent members of our society, and we have a duty to make sure our laws protect them to the fullest extent pos-sible. H.R. 1862, the Global Child Pro-tection Act of 2017, closes regrettable loopholes in existing child exploitation statutes to do just that. Currently, dangerous sexual preda-tors who violate children overseas can avoid culpability simply by engaging in what the United States Code defines as sexual contact rather than what the law defines as illicit sexual conduct. That is, they can go abroad, cause a child to sexually touch them, and re-turn, without exposure to the criminal liability they would face had they en-gaged in what the law defines as illicit sexual conduct. I am sure my colleagues would agree that it should not matter whether the offender engages in sexual conduct or contact with a child. Either way, he is a child predator. This is the very defi-nition of a loophole, and it is putting children at risk. That is because these predators are aware of this loophole, and they are able to share this infor-mation quickly in chat groups on the internet. They plot their foreign sex tourism accordingly, to circumvent criminal liability. H.R. 1862 closes this loophole by ex-panding the definition of illicit sexual conduct to include sexual contact. No longer will these predators be able to escape justice and continue to offend with impunity. This bill also closes a loophole for re-cidivist offenders. It is estimated that only between 8 and 20 percent of vic-tims of childhood sexual abuse report they have been abused. That is why it is vitally important that, when we do become aware of these offenses and se-cure convictions, our justice system imposes penalties to adequately punish and deter this evil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.013 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4400 May 22, 2017 
Current law provides that an offender convicted of committing a Federal sex offense against a minor shall be sen-tenced to life imprisonment if that of-fender has a prior conviction for a sex offense against a minor. In defining sex offense, however, this provision inexplicably excludes two serious of-fenses. It is missing offenses covering abusive sexual contact with a minor under 12 and also does not apply to of-fenders who commit their sex crimes against children overseas. H.R. 1862 fixes these oversights—and they were clearly oversights—by adding these provisions into the definition of Fed-eral sex offense. When an offender has previously harmed a child, been punished for that offense, and goes on to harm another child, the risk that he will go on to abuse again is extremely high, and we must ensure our children are safe from such a dangerous predator. That dy-namic of deterrence, ensuring repeat offenders face harsher penalties, is at the core of our system of justice. It is even more important here where the victims are our children. Children are one-third of our population and all of our future. We must prioritize their protection. I commend the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for introducing this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise reluctantly in op-position to H.R. 1862, and I regret this opposition because it would add a new offense—well, new offenses—to the cur-rent provision in the criminal code pro-viding for mandatory life imprison-ment for certain repeat sex offenders. Now, under section 3559(e) of title 18 of the U.S. Code, a defendant who has been previously convicted of a Federal felony or State sex offense committed against a child, and who is guilty of a predicate Federal sex offense against a child, must be sentenced to life in pris-on. H.R. 1862 amends section 3559 to add more Federal predicate offenses on which to base imposition of a life sen-tence; namely, sexual contact with a minor under the age of 12, aggravated sexual contact with minors between the ages of 12 and 15, and illicit sexual conduct with a minor abroad by a U.S. citizen. The bill would also provide the requirement that a Federal predicate offense relating to coercion or entice-ment of a minor be related to prostitu-tion. Instead, H.R. 1862 would allow coer-cion or enticement of a minor into any criminal sexual activity to serve as a basis for imposition of a mandatory life sentence. Repeat offenders should, of course, be subject to increased pen-alties, and, for some offenses, life im-prisonment is appropriate. Yet Con-gress should not mandate that life im-prisonment be the only sentencing op-tion. For far too long, the Federal crimi-nal justice system has relied on an unsustainable system of mass incarcer-ation that is largely driven by inflexi-ble mandatory minimum sentencing. Mandatory minimums are not nec-essary to impose appropriate sen-tences. The judge at sentencing has all the information he or she needs to im-pose a sentence commensurate with the crime committed and the culpa-bility of the offender. Arrived at this way, sentences may still be quite lengthy—perhaps, in some cases, life in prison—but these penalties must be de-termined on a case-by-case basis. Ac-cordingly, I encourage my colleagues to join with me and others in opposing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY), a member of the Committee on the Judiciary and the chief sponsor of this legislation. b1630 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for making our efforts to combat child exploi-tation and human trafficking a pri-ority on the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons I was eager to join the Judiciary Committee was to play a role in combating crimes against children. I am proud to serve on the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations, where, under the leadership of Chairman T
REYGOWDY , we are work-ing to protect innocent children, and make sure that those that would do them harm are brought to justice. Mr. Speaker, it is not easy to talk about crimes against children, particu-larly those that are sexual in nature. Just speaking the term ‘‘global sex tourism’’ is enough to send chills up al-most anyone’s spine. Because this sub-ject is so ugly and uncomfortable, most Americans probably have no idea the extent to which children around the globe are at risk of exploitation. That is what makes it so important that we do talk about it and address the prob-lem head-on. Earlier this year, I met with experts from the Department of Justice to dis-cuss how loopholes in current law are allowing child predators to evade pun-ishment for their abuse of children in the United States overseas. Certain types of sexual contact with children are not explicitly covered under the criminal definition of ‘‘illicit sexual conduct.’’ This allows child predators engaged in global sex tourism to evade punishment for acts that are clearly abusive. Also, current sentencing code does not treat contact offenses against child victims under the age of 12 the same as it does against those victims between the ages of 12 and 18. Mr. Speaker, these loopholes were, of course, never intended. Nonetheless, these technical flaws in the law are making it harder for authorities to put serial child abusers away where they belong. H.R. 1862, the Global Child Protec-tion Act, aims to close these loopholes and better equip law enforcement to protect people and punish abusers. Spe-cifically, this bill would expand the definition of ‘‘illicit sexual conduct’’ to include ‘‘sexual contact,’’ thus allow-ing authorities to crack down on global sex tourism and punish these crimi-nals. This bill also seeks to protect the youngest child victims by broadening the sentencing code to ensure that all types of contact offenses against chil-dren of all ages are treated with the same level of seriousness. To be clear, the current statute crim-inalizes the act of traveling abroad to do terrible things to children, but it does not criminalize the people who force children to perform sexual acts on them. This bill very simply closes the loophole when it comes to sex tour-ism and soliciting sexual acts from a minor, to include not just what some-one would do to a child, but what they would force a child to do to them. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our strong partners in the White House and the Department of Justice for their commitment to combating exploi-tation and abuse here in our country and abroad. Last week I went with the chairman and others to the White House to par-ticipate in a bipartisan listening ses-sion on human trafficking and exploi-tation hosted by Ivanka Trump. I ap-preciate Ivanka for inviting me and my fellow lawmakers to be a part of this very important exchange. I believe that her involvement and leadership on this issue can be instrumental to achieving results. Also, it certainly wasn’t lost on me that in his first official act after being sworn in, Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions presented the President with an executive order strengthening the en-forcement of Federal law on inter-national trafficking, including human trafficking. We have dedicated law en-forcement professionals working hard every day to protect children and pun-ish abusers, and we need to make sure that they have every tool at their dis-posal to do their job. Mr. Speaker, it is our enduring re-sponsibility to protect those among us who cannot protect themselves. We have an opportunity to do that today by passing the Global Child Protection Act and getting one step closer to clos-ing these loopholes. Of course, my bill is just part of a slate of Judiciary Committee bills aimed to combat child exploitation and human trafficking. I urge my col-leagues to approve all of these bills and to take action toward stopping this growing problem in this country and abroad. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.015 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4401 May 22, 2017 
distinguished former member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1862. While I support the underlying goal of punishing sex offenders, the existing Federal statutes already severely pun-ish these offenses. This legislation, un-fortunately, will impose a mandatory sentence of life imprisonment. This expansion of mandatory min-imum sentences of life without parole comes on the heels of Attorney General Sessions’ memorandum of May 12, 2017, which has been roundly criticized for rescinding the Holder memo. The Ses-sions memo directs all Federal pros-ecutors to pursue the most serious charges and the maximum sentence to include mandatory minimum sen-tences. This directive takes away from Federal prosecutors and judges the ability to individually assess unique circumstances of each case, including any factors that may mitigate against imposing a life sentence in every case. A life sentence is a most severe form of punishment, second only to the death penalty. Careful consideration should be given when our society im-poses a life sentence, and judges should have the discretion in determining when this severe punishment should be imposed. Now, I point out that this punish-ment would be imposed not only on the ringleader, but on anyone involved in a conspiracy. We have seen how that works in drug conspiracies where a girlfriend who takes a phone message or drives her boyfriend to a deal would be included in the boyfriend’s con-spiracy and subject to the same draco-nian mandatory minimum the boy-friend is subjected to. In this case, the defendant would have to have a prior conviction. But life without parole would be the pen-alty upon a conviction, with no consid-eration being given to how long ago the conviction occurred or how serious a conviction was or what role the defend-ant played in the instant case. For decades now, extensive research and evidence has demonstrated that mandatory minimums fail to reduce crime, they waste the taxpayers’ money, they discriminate against mi-norities, and often require a judge to impose a sentence so bizarre as to vio-late common sense. Unfortunately, there are already too many mandatory minimums in the Federal code. If we ever expect to do anything about that problem and address this major driver of mass incarceration, the first step we have to take is to stop passing new mandatory minimums or bills that ex-pand mandatory minimums. Mandatory minimums did not get in the Federal code all at once—they got there one at a time, each one part of a larger bill, which, on balance, might have been a good idea. The only way to stop passing new mandatory minimums is to stop passing bills that contain mandatory minimums. Giving lip service to a suggestion that you would have preferred that the mandatory minimum not have been in the bill and then voting for it anyway, just creates another mandatory min-imum, and guarantees that those who support mandatory minimums will in-clude them in the next bill. That is how we became number one in the world on incarceration. Recent studies have shown that we lock up so many people that our incar-ceration rate is actually counter-productive. There are so many people in jail, so many people being raised with parents in prison, so many people with felony records, and so much of the Justice Department budget being used on prisons that aren’t doing any good, that could have been used for construc-tive activities. We lock up so many people that the incarceration rate is actually counterproductive. Mr. Speaker, I support the under-lying goals of H.R. 1862 to punish sex offenders against children, but I do not support expanding mandatory mini-mums, in this case, life without parole. Mr. Speaker, this bill would not be controversial if it had not included mandatory minimums, but, unfortu-nately, it does. So I, therefore, urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1862. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. First, let me make it very clear that there are no new mandatory minimums in this bill. The mandatory minimum that is already in the law is appro-priate for those who are a danger to children, particularly where these en-hancements apply when they have abused a minor, not once, but twice. We are closing a loophole in the cur-rent law and we are adding to this pro-vision the sexual abuse of children under 12 years old. Having already harmed two children, an offender poses too great a risk to our vulnerable citi-zens. There are victims here and poten-tial victims to protect. As I mentioned before, child victims report abuse at a shockingly low level. It is important that this conduct is adequately deterred for someone who has already abused a child. Clearly, one conviction was not adequate. Prosecutorial discretion in these cases act as an appropriate buffer to ensure these provisions are being used reasonably. There are no new manda-tory minimums in this bill. We simply close a loophole to make sure that peo-ple do not sexually abuse children under 12 years of age, not once, not twice, but more than twice. That is why this mandatory minimum should have a loophole closed to include it, but there is not a new mandatory min-imum sentence in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I agree with my good friend from Vir-ginia, the chairman of the committee, that the acts are heinous. It appears that there is no addition to the under-lying aspect of section 3559(e) of title 18 that says, a defendant who has been previously convicted of a felony Fed-eral or State sex offense committed against a child and who is guilty of a predicate Federal sex offense against a child must be sentenced to life impris-onment. But, again, the bill is not written that way. I agree with everything my good friend, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. ROBY) said. I want to congratulate her for her commitment, as so many of us, as women who have come to the United States Congress who are mothers, have a special inter-est in children, and, in particular, to avoid the horrific abuse of children, and sexual abuse. That is an important cause, and the underlying bill is impor-tant and crucial. But I maintain that there is a lack of clarity into whether or not, in fact, there are additional mandatory mini-mums because it is broken down in these elements. The imposition of a life sentence, namely, sexual contact with a minor under the age of 12, aggravated sexual contact with a minor between the ages of 12 and 15, and illicit sexual conduct with a minor abroad by a U.S. citizen. The question is: Is the discretion of the court and the prosecutor there? I am not in the court. I don’t know what the facts are, except for the hei-nousness of tainting and violating a child. I want that criminal brought to justice, but I want that prosecutor and that judge and the defense under this existing statute to be able to address that question and to be able to address the vileness or the mitigating factors in that instance. I don’t want repeat offenders. Some have alleged that there should be a va-riety of responses to sex offenders. I am aware of international sex trafficking and men that travel to international places to have sex with a child. I can’t imagine that that would not fall on deaf ears in a courtroom under the ex-isting statute of 3559(e). And that is the imposition of life imprisonment. But there is merit to the question of discretion and the assessment of the court. Now, I might say, with a little aside, that there are some populations that don’t get fair treatment, no mat-ter what the case is, yet I am yielding to the court because I do think there is merit to this idea of one mandatory sentence after another, and that that is the only response that one must get the mandatory minimum. In the backdrop of this Attorney General, who has expressed no interest in rehabilitation, in treatment, or in real criminal justice reform, I am frightened. I am frightened about what will happen in the Nation’s U.S. attor-neys and Federal courts across Amer-ica. Will we again reinstitute the wave of incarcerated persons marching in under mandatory minimums? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.016 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4402 May 22, 2017 
b1645 Will the epidemic begin again? It is a difficult posture to stand on the floor of the House when you are discussing a baby, a child, a 12-year- old. There is no divide between my be-lief and Congresswoman R
OBY’s belief. It is heinous. They should be punished. We may have a disagreement of what may be a process that reenacts and re-stores our pathway on mass incarcer-ation. It is not clear in the bill, plain and simple. I heard the response of the chairman: There is nothing new. Then it should have been tied to 3559(c) and just say, ‘‘must be sentenced to life in prison, as it is.’’ But it seems that there is a re-finement, so more and more opportuni-ties for mandatory minimums and no discretion for the judge. In a courtroom, the judge, at sen-tencing, has all the information he or she needs to impose a sentence com-mensurate with the crime committed and the culpability of the offender. At that time, lock them up, throw the key away. I am not sure what the Department of Justice is speaking about in terms of loopholes. There are some very fine men and women who have headed up U.S. Attorneys Offices over the years and decades, and they have gotten their man or woman. So the question is: With an Attorney General that we have, who stood in the way of criminal justice reform in the last Congress as we were on the preci-pice of doing great things, now I am supposed to be convinced that he is in any way sympathetic to the mass in-carceration which disproportionately impacts African Americans. No, this is not a case that is a bill that points or focuses on African Americans. I am very clear about that. I don’t suggest that at all. But I know the ultimate result of mandatory mini-mums has a disproportionate impact on African Americans, as evidenced by the census population in the Federal Prison Bureau, in the Federal criminal justice system, and in State prisons across America. I want to work with my colleagues. I want to save children. All of us are brought to tears when some heinous, vile human being wants to taint a child. But if a judge can’t understand that, shame on them. If a prosecutor doesn’t understand that, shame on them. And they have got 3559(e) that ex-presses that, which would include the illicit sexual conduct with a minor abroad by a U.S. citizen and, if not, that could be stated in there, and the language ‘‘must be sentenced to life in prison.’’ I am not sure where we are going, but I would hope that we could clarify that 3559(e) answers all the questions and that we don’t find added mandatory minimums which impact communities disproportionately as the only solution to getting a dastardly person off the streets. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I would like everyone to think about this in a very general way, that ex-panding the scope of offenses subject to mandatory minimums is just as harm-ful as enacting new ones. It is the same thing. And so, accordingly, I oppose this legislation. Those who commit crimes against children deserve to be punished, and re-peat offenders most certainly deserve to face increased penalties. There is no one that, I don’t think, in this House, disagrees with that. But nevertheless, I oppose mandatory minimum sentencing and, therefore, I must oppose this legislation. I believe that judges are the best suited to de-termine the just and appropriate pun-ishment in each case. So for the foregoing reasons, I urge each and every one of my colleagues here to oppose H.R. 1862. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, my friend and col-league, the ranking member, asked that we look at this in a broad and gen-eral way, but that is not what this bill is all about. I ask my colleagues to look at this in the very specific way that this bill is designed: to address a loophole in current law that allows sexual predators of children under 12 years old to avoid the sentencing con-sequences of their actions. We are about protecting children. This law is about protecting children. But predators know this loophole in the law, and it needs to be closed, so that is what this is about. This is about making sure that sex-ual predators are taken off the streets and prevented from not abusing chil-dren once or twice, but many more times. This will stop that. This will close that loophole. This is not the place—sexual preda-tors for children under 12 years old. This is not the place to have a general, broad discussion about mandatory min-imum sentences. Let’s fix this problem. And we can and will as we address criminal justice reform, look at our overall sentencing, but this problem needs to be addressed. It needs to be addressed now for the sake of protecting our children. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1862. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
STRENGTHENING CHILDREN’S SAFETY ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1842) to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of violence as grounds for an en-hanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain informa-tion as required by Federal law, to in-clude prior military offenses for pur-poses of recidivist sentencing provi-sions, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1842 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Children’s Safety Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FAILURE OF SEX OFFENDERS TO REG-ISTER. 
Section 2250(d) of title 18, United State Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘Federal law (includ-ing the Uniform Code of Military Justice),’’ the following: ‘‘State law,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘crime of violence’ has the meaning given such term in section 16.’’. 
SEC. 3. PRIOR MILITARY OFFENSES INCLUDED FOR PURPOSES OF RECIDIVIST SEN-TENCING PROVISIONS. 
(a) A GGRAVATED SEXUAL ABUSE .—Section 2241(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘State offense’’ the following: ‘‘or an offense under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice’’. (b) S
EXUAL EXPLOITATION OF CHILDREN .— Section 2251(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’. (c) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MATE-
RIAL INVOLVING THE SEXUAL EXPLOITATION OF  M
INORS .—Section 2252 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’. (d) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MATE-
RIAL CONSTITUTING OR CONTAINING CHILD POR-
NOGRAPHY .—Section 2252A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘section 920 of title 10 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or under’’ and inserting ‘‘the Uniform Code of Military Justice or’’. (e) R
EPEAT OFFENDERS .—Section 2426(b)(1)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘State law’’ the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.019 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4403 May 22, 2017 
following: ‘‘or the Uniform Code of Military Justice’’. (f) S
ENTENCING CLASSIFICATION .—Section 3559 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (e)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘State sex offense’’ and in-serting ‘‘State or Military sex offense’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘under State law’’ the following: ‘‘or the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)(C), by inserting after ‘‘State’’ the following: ‘‘or Military’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1842, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. For victims, the effects of child sex-ual abuse are devastating. It disrupts the victim’s development and increases the likelihood that he or she will expe-rience other sexual assaults in the fu-ture, and it is, likely, one of the most underreported crimes in the United States. That is why we have to do all we can to prevent these crimes. We promote prevention by closely moni-toring sex offenders and by imposing recidivist enhancements on those who have shown a proclivity to abuse chil-dren. H.R. 1842, the Strengthening Chil-dren’s Safety Act of 2017, closes two significant loopholes to help accom-plish these goals. First, the bill closes a loophole in the statute that criminalizes a sex offend-er’s failure to register. Under current law, a sex offender who fails to comply with registration requirements is guilty of a crime. An enhanced penalty applies to offenders who, while in non-compliant status, commit a Federal crime of violence, a crime of violence under the D.C. Code, a military code crime of violence, a Tribal crime of vi-olence, or a crime of violence in any territory or possession of the United States. This is logical since offenders who have been convicted of both crimes against children and crimes of violence are deserving of more severe punish-ment. However, significantly, this provision fails to include offenders who have been convicted of crimes of violence under State laws. It makes no sense that a person convicted of a crime of violence under the D.C. Code is subject to an enhanced penalty, while a person who committed the same offense in Virginia would not be. Given their pro-pensity for violence, these offenders, regardless of what U.S. jurisdiction convicts them, must be held account-able when they fall off the radar. The bill further ensures that those offenders who have been previously convicted of sex crimes under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice are ex-posed to the same recidivist enhance-ments as those convicted of the same crimes in Federal, State, and Tribal courts. The way the U.S. Code is cur-rently written, many of these Federal recidivist statutes unintentionally fail to cover significant sex crimes com-mitted under military law, including certain child pornography offenses. Again, it is important that repeat of-fenders are subject to the same sen-tencing enhancements, no matter where they were convicted, in order to protect our children. H.R. 1842 is commonsense legislation that closes loopholes in Federal law, promotes uniformity, and will help keep our children safe. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), a member of the Judiciary Committee, for intro-ducing this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1842, a bill that is intended to ad-dress gaps in our child protection laws. Now, this bill makes a number of changes to the Federal criminal code that, unfortunately, makes the same error that was previously made. It re-sults in the expanded imposition of mandatory minimum sentences. I don’t know where we get this notion that mandatory minimum sentences are a solution. H.R. 1842 amends section 2250(d) of the criminal code, which provides for an enhanced penalty for sex offenders who commit a crime of violence while in noncompliance of sex offender reg-istration and reporting requirements. In addition to the Federal crimes of violence already included in that stat-ute, this bill would add State crimes of violence as predicate offenses that, in turn, would require the imposition of a mandatory 5-year prison sentence to be served consecutively to any sentence imposed for failing to register or com-ply with sex offender registration and reporting requirements. H.R. 1842 would also add prior mili-tary child sex offenses to several recid-ivist sentencing provisions, most of which carry mandatory minimum pen-alties of at least 15 years or life, itself. Perhaps we should expand coverage of enhanced sentences for the offenses added by this bill, but we should do so without expanding the number of man-datory minimums. The judges, not the Congress—not us—are in the best posi-tion to impose sentences for even the most offensive criminal violations be-cause they know the facts and cir-cumstances of each case. b1700 There is an increasing bipartisan, na-tional recognition that mandatory minimum sentences are not only un-fair, but they are also counter-productive. Instead of expanding the coverage of mandatory minimums, we should be eliminating them. Individ-uals convicted of serious offenses will still receive appropriately lengthy sen-tences, but they will not be set on a one-size-fits-all basis. We want to examine the facts, the circumstances in each case, and the judge is in the best position to do that. We should not be assuming that we can sit here and pass these national laws that will not help and will make it dif-ficult for judges to do their work. Unfortunately, this bill takes the op-posite course, and that is why I must oppose it. I encourage my colleagues to think about what we are doing here and oppose H.R. 1842. I urge your sup-port against this measure, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), the chief author of this legislation. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1842, the Strengthening Children’s Safety Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, there are few things more shocking to the conscience or sickening to the soul than crimes against children—the most innocent, the most vulnerable members of our so-ciety. In my time as a Federal prosecutor, the child exploitation images that I was forced to review as part of the evi-dence were, by far, the most disturbing and difficult part of that job. All of these years later, I still can’t erase those depraved images from my mind, and I doubt that I will ever be able to do that. But crimes against children should stick with us, they should haunt us, and then they should spur us to take action. If we do anything here in Con-gress, it should be working to protect children. We talk all day long in this Chamber about the future of this coun-try. Well, Mr. Speaker, the children are the future of this country. We need to put our words into action. So today I am introducing H.R. 1842, the Strengthening Children’s Safety Act of 2017, a bill which closes two sets of loopholes in Federal child exploi-tation laws to make sure that all dan-gerous sex offenders are treated the same and are subject to the same en-hanced penalties under the law. Right now, Mr. Speaker, current law establishes minimum national stand-ards for sex offender registration and notification in all 50 States, in the Dis-trict of Columbia, in U.S. territories, and Tribal jurisdictions. If a sex of-fender knowingly fails to register or update a registration, that individual faces a fine and imprisonment of up to 10 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.005 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4404 May 22, 2017 
There is also an enhanced penalty of 5 to 30 years imprisonment if the of-fender, while in that noncompliance status, also commits a crime of vio-lence under Federal law, under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice, the law of the District of Columbia, Indian Tribal law, or the law of any territory or possession of the United States. But here is the problem, Mr. Speaker: Right now, only individuals commit-ting crimes of violence under these Federal, military, and Tribal laws are subject to the enhanced penalty, while individuals committing the same crimes of violence under State law are not. Mr. Speaker, hopefully, we can all agree that child predators committing crimes of violence should be subject to the same enhanced penalties, regard-less of whether these crimes are being charged in Federal court or at the State level. So this bill adds similar State crimes of violence to that list to ensure that the enhanced penalty ap-plies equally to all dangerous offend-ers. Mr. Speaker, the second portion of H.R. 1842 addresses enhanced sentences for individuals with prior sex offenses. Fortunately, our child exploitation laws consistently do call for higher sentences any time a defendant has a prior conviction for Federal or State sex offenses. But currently, these sen-tencing provisions do not consistently include all similar sex offense convic-tions that arise under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. H.R. 1842 amends those Federal child exploitation laws to include all child sexual exploitation offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice in the recidivist provisions, as appro-priate. Again, I think it is critical, Mr. Speaker, that we close this loophole to ensure that all prior child exploitation convictions are penalized for repeat of-fenders. Many issues in Congress these days are partisan, but it is my sincere hope, Mr. Speaker, that Members on both sides of the aisle today will be able to come together to support stronger pro-tections for children who are sexually abused. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, as usual, we are indebted to the gen-tleman from Virginia, who, for years, was the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Secu-rity, and Investigations in the Judici-ary Committee and still carries with him the understanding and the experi-ence that leads him to be on the floor with us today. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) in support of his position. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1842. While I support the underlying goal of punishing sex offenders, the existing sentencing laws already provide serious punishment for this conduct. Unfortu-nately, this legislation expands non-mandatory minimums to additional of-fenders. This expansion of mandatory of mini-mums comes at the heels of Attorney General Sessions’ memo, which has been roundly criticized for rescinding the Holder memo and directing all Fed-eral prosecutors to pursue the most se-rious charges and the maximum sen-tence, to include mandatory minimum sentences. The Sessions memo takes away, from Federal prosecutors, the ability to in-dividually assess the unique cir-cumstances of their cases and any fac-tors which would mitigate against seeking the harshest sentence in every case. Once that offense triggers a man-datory minimum and once that is charged, the sentencing judge loses any discretion to assess the unique cir-cumstances of the case and, upon con-viction, must impose the mandatory minimum provided in the code. This legislation is remarkable in that it extends a number of exceptionally high mandatory minimums to most de-fendants. The mandatory sentence of life without parole is expanded to apply to more cases. The mandatory sentence of 35 years is expanded. In other cases, the mandatory minimum would triple from 5 years to 15 years. These are grave sentences, and the judge should have discretion in deter-mining when they should be imposed. And these sentences would apply not only to the ring leader, but to everyone who may be involved in the activity and subject to a conspiracy conviction. The mandatory minimum eliminates the ability of the judge to consider the individual circumstances of the case or the culpability or the role of the de-fendant in that case. For decades now, extensive research has been done on mandatory mini-mums, and the conclusions are: they do not reduce crime; they do not protect anybody; they waste the taxpayers’ money; they discriminate against mi-norities; and they often require judges to impose sentences so bizarre that they violate common sense. When you see how these are worked in drug cases, you can be reminded of President Obama’s policy to consider full commutation. Those who are, es-sentially, first offenders who have been convicted of nonviolent, low-level ac-tivity in a drug case would be consid-ered for commutation after 10 years. Now, that seems reasonable, but what you ought to ask is the question: How did a low-level, nonviolent first offender get so much time that, after 10 years, they still need help from the President? The answer is: mandatory minimums. The judge had no choice but to impose that bizarre sentence. Unfortunately, there are already too many mandatory minimums in the Federal code. If we ever expect to do anything about the problem and ad-dress that driver of mass incarceration, the first step we have to take is to stop passing new mandatory minimums or bills that expand existing mandatory minimums. Mandatory minimums in the code did not get there all at once; they got there one at a time, each, part of a larger bill which, on balance, seemed like a good idea. Therefore, the first step we have to take in reducing man-datory minimums is to stop passing new ones or to stop passing bills that expand mandatory minimums. For these reasons, while I support the underlying goals of H.R. 1842, to punish sex offenses against children, I oppose expanding the application of se-vere mandatory minimum sentences such as the 15 and 35 and life imprison-ment. Mr. Speaker, this bill would not be controversial without the mandatory minimums; but, unfortunately, they are in the bill, and I, therefore, urge my colleagues to oppose the legisla-tion. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Once again, this bill has no new man-datory minimum sentences. These are not low-level offenders. These are not nonviolent offenders. They are violent sexual predators, and these added of-fenders—which this bill does to close, again, a loophole—these added offend-ers have committed the exact same crimes with the exact same conduct as those already covered in existing law. This bill aims to apply the mandatory minimums equitably, and that, I think, should be an important goal for all of us. Again, there are no new mandatory minimums in this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), who is the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations in the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Michigan for his leadership and, as well, the gentleman who is a pro-ponent of this legislation which, on its face, provides for an enhanced penalty for sex offenders who commit a crime of violence while in noncompliance of sex offender registration and reporting requirements. That offense can apply to that in the Military Code of Justice, Tribal law, State law, and Federal law. It also adds State crimes of violence as a predicate offense that, in turn, would require the imposition of a man-datory or an enhanced sentencing to be served consecutively to any sentence imposed for failing to register or com-ply with the sex offender registration reporting requirements. I believe, as my colleagues have said, that the underlying premise of this bill will join us together in linking arms, there is no doubt. It should be the rule of this Congress and the rule of elected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.022 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4405 May 22, 2017 
officials from State to local govern-ment, the U.S. Military Code of Jus-tice, and Tribal law to protect our chil-dren; and certainly, the idea of non-compliance with sex registration should be addressed in any court pro-ceeding dealing with these offenders. The issue, I believe, is the question, again, of: What do we gain by the im-plementing of a mandatory minimum? In this instance, it is an enhanced 5- year sentence. But there may be a number of reasons in terms of an indi-vidual moving from State to State where the person is not registered. Again, I have to turn my attention to where we are and where we stand on this day, May 22, 2017. It makes a dif-ference. It makes a difference if we have an Attorney General that does not seem to have any interest in reha-bilitation, any interest in ensuring that the mass incarceration ends, the disparate treatment of different races and ethnic groups in the criminal jus-tice system ends. As has been noted already, the pre-vious policies of Attorney General Holder that were fair and did not add to the enhancement of crime, which al-lowed discretion by prosecutors of not adding up on the particular defendant any number of offenses that would cre-ate 200- and 300-year sentencing and, therefore, having people languish in prisons across this country, building up the record of private prisons, and see-ing teeming numbers in our Federal prison system, that is what we are fac-ing now. b1715 There is no doubt that the present law, I believe, does, in fact, cover the efforts of the proponent of this legisla-tion. Obviously, there will be a dif-ference of opinion, but I believe that there is sufficient coverage in the un-derlying legislation without adding this particular enhancement. I would hope that our colleagues who are in support of this bill, just as I re-spect their commitment to fighting against sexual violence, sexual con-tact, and sexual criminal acts against children, would recognize that a discus-sion about mandatory minimums does not, in any way, diminish one’s com-mitment to the underlying premise of this legislation. There are too many unknown vari-ables with the leadership of the Attor-ney General and his indication as to what kind of treatment there should be for underlying crimes and his wish to have newly appointed U.S. Attorneys, many of whom are not appointed, not confirmed, so that we can, again, over-criminalize America, overcriminalize the acts of individuals, and create an-other siege of mass incarceration. We will have a number of other bills that will be on the floor with the same concerns that will be expressed. Again, let me say that I support the idea of fighting against child sex trafficking and violent sexual crimes perpetrated against children. I support the opposi-tion to such and the incarceration of those and bringing those individuals to justice. I do believe, however, that there are many ways of dealing with this, including incarceration without a continuous either enhancement or con-tinued increase of the number of man-datory minimums that are continuing to be added to individuals who are re-cidivists and who are convicted of Fed-eral, State, or military crimes, in this instance. Mr. CONYERS. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. I commend the gen-tlewoman for her consistent under-standing and explaining why mass in-carceration is at the base of all of the debate that is going on. I am hoping that more and more peo-ple who listen to these discussions that we have here in the House of Rep-resentatives will begin to understand that mass incarceration is not the an-swer to our problems. As a matter of fact, they compound the problems. I salute the gentlewoman for her te-nacity and understanding and explain-ing this situation to everyone who can listen to our discussions here. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman for that very thoughtful addi-tion and his kind words. I think what I want to say to Mr. C
ONYERS , in concluding, is that mass incarceration is real. We have lived with this for decades. We finally have gotten to the point that judges recog-nize that there are many different ways to deal with individuals who are recidivists at sentencing, regardless of whether or not the previous conviction, as I said earlier, was Federal, State, or military court, and now Tribal. That is the only point that we are making here. Next week, we will have 10 more bills with mandatory minimums. We will all agree with the underlying premise, which is to lock the bad guys up, but we do believe that there is some value to the discretion of judges and courts. I don’t believe anyone on this floor— none of us, Republicans or Democrats— would have any argument—none—on the underlying premise of our absolute responsibility, without question, of de-fending and protecting children from these vile individuals. But I don’t have the facts inside the courtroom, and there is not a one-size-fits-all answer. That is what mandatory minimums are. All it does is load our prison sys-tems with bodies, one after another. I conclude with this. The courts have asked for discretion. I would hope that in the Federal system those who are appointed have, in fact, both the wherewithal, the knowledge, the sense of justice, and the right to make the decision based upon the laws and based upon the vileness of what has been en-gaged in. This is not an opposition. This is a plea for collaboration. If I may say one thing personally. There are neighbors that I know in my community who have been accused of certain things. They are dignified citi-zens—not with regard to this par-ticular underlying act—but dignified citizens, former military persons, and they are languishing under a manda-tory minimum. It is disgraceful. Let me be very clear: It is not a sex offense, not an offense of violence. It is mini-mal, at best. But they are operating under a mandatory. It literally is dis-graceful how this has destroyed their lives. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1842 is a well-in-tentioned bill meant to ensure that re-peat sex offenders are punished for their crimes, whether their prior of-fenses are State, Federal, or military. While I believe that repeat sex of-fenders of any kind should receive ap-propriately lengthy sentences, I dis-agree with the imposition of manda-tory minimums. We are not the court. We are not the judge. We do not hear the facts and circumstances in each case. I appeal to good common sense and good legal analysis that we oppose this legislation that would amplify the dif-ficulties that we already know exist. I hope that we will oppose this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from Texas cited a personal experience she had with someone she knows who has been convicted of a crime and given a mandatory minimum sentence. It was not a violent crime, not a sex crime, and not relevant to this bill, which does not add any new mandatory min-imum sentences. It simply makes sure that the sentences already imposed under the law are equitably applied, re-gardless of where their prior offenses took place. These are sexual crimes. These are violent crimes. These offenders should receive the exact same sentences for the exact same conduct as others al-ready covered under the current law. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation to protect our children and get sexual predators off the street. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1842. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.023 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4406 May 22, 2017 
TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 883) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certification process for the issuance of nondisclo-sure requirements accompanying cer-tain administrative subpoenas, to pro-vide for judicial review of such non-disclosure requirements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 883 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NONDISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE SUBPOENAS. 
Section 3486(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary of the Treas-ury’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘ordered by a court’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(6)(A)(i) If a subpoena issued under this section is accompanied by a certification under clause (ii) and notice of the right to judicial review under subparagraph (C), no recipient of a subpoena under this section shall disclose to any person that the Federal official who issued the subpoena has sought or obtained access to information or records under this section, for a period of 180 days. ‘‘(ii) The requirements of clause (i) shall apply if the Federal official who issued the subpoena certifies that the absence of a pro-hibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— ‘‘(I) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual; ‘‘(II) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(III) destruction of or tampering with evi-dence; ‘‘(IV) intimidation of potential witnesses; or ‘‘(V) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly delaying a trial. ‘‘(B)(i) A recipient of a subpoena under this section may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— ‘‘(I) those persons to whom disclosure is necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; ‘‘(II) an attorney in order to obtain legal advice or assistance regarding the request; or ‘‘(III) other persons as permitted by the Federal official who issued the subpoena. ‘‘(ii) A person to whom disclosure is made under clause (i) shall be subject to the non-disclosure requirements applicable to a per-son to whom a subpoena is issued under this section in the same manner as the person to whom the subpoena was issued. ‘‘(iii) Any recipient that discloses to a per-son described in clause (i) information other-wise subject to a nondisclosure requirement shall notify the person of the applicable non-disclosure requirement. ‘‘(iv) At the request of the Federal official who issued the subpoena, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under sub-clause (I) or (III) of clause (i) shall identify to the individual making the request under this clause the person to whom such disclo-sure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request. ‘‘(C)(i) A nondisclosure requirement im-posed under subparagraph (A) shall be sub-ject to judicial review under section 3486A. ‘‘(ii) A subpoena issued under this section, in connection with which a nondisclosure re-quirement under subparagraph (A) is im-posed, shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in clause (i). ‘‘(D) A nondisclosure requirement imposed under subparagraph (A) may be extended in accordance with section 3486A(a)(4).’’. SEC. 3. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF NONDISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3486 the following: ‘‘§ 3486A. Judicial review of nondisclosure re-quirements ‘‘(a) N
ONDISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—If a recipient of a subpoena under section 3486 wishes to have a court re-view a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with the subpoena, the recipient may notify the Government or file a petition for judicial review in any court described in subsection (a)(5) of section 3486. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a notification under subparagraph (A), the Government shall apply for an order prohibiting the dis-closure of the existence or contents of the relevant subpoena. An application under this subparagraph may be filed in the district court of the United States for the judicial district in which the recipient of the sub-poena is doing business or in the district court of the United States for any judicial district within which the authorized inves-tigation that is the basis for the subpoena is being conducted. The applicable nondisclo-sure requirement shall remain in effect dur-ing the pendency of proceedings relating to the requirement. ‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—A district court of the United States that receives a petition under subparagraph (A) or an application under subparagraph (B) should rule expedi-tiously, and shall, subject to paragraph (3), issue a nondisclosure order that includes conditions appropriate to the circumstances. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—An applica-tion for a nondisclosure order or extension thereof or a response to a petition filed under paragraph (1) shall include a certifi-cation from the Federal official who issued the subpoena indicating that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this sub-section may result in— ‘‘(A) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual; ‘‘(B) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(C) destruction of or tampering with evi-dence; ‘‘(D) intimidation of potential witnesses; or ‘‘(E) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly delaying a trial. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD .—A district court of the United States shall issue a nondisclosure order or extension thereof under this sub-section if the court determines that there is reason to believe that disclosure of the infor-mation subject to the nondisclosure require-ment during the applicable time period may result in— ‘‘(A) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual; ‘‘(B) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(C) destruction of or tampering with evi-dence; ‘‘(D) intimidation of potential witnesses; or ‘‘(E) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly delaying a trial. ‘‘(4) E
XTENSION .—Upon a showing that the circumstances described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (3) continue to exist, a district court of the United States may issue an ex parte order extending a non-disclosure order imposed under this sub-section or under section 3486(a)(6)(A) for ad-ditional periods of 180 days, or, if the court determines that the circumstances neces-sitate a longer period of nondisclosure, for additional periods which are longer than 180 days. ‘‘(b) CLOSED HEARINGS .—In all proceedings under this section, subject to any right to an open hearing in a contempt proceeding, the court must close any hearing to the extent necessary to prevent an unauthorized disclo-sure of a request for records, a report, or other information made to any person or en-tity under section 3486. Petitions, filings, records, orders, certifications, and subpoenas must also be kept under seal to the extent and as long as necessary to prevent the un-authorized disclosure of a subpoena under section 3486.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3486 the following: ‘‘3486A. Judicial review of nondisclosure re-quirements.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 883, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, over the years, we as a society have made great strides in combating crimes against children. As with many crimes, however, law en-forcement often struggles to keep pace with modern technology. That is why H.R. 883, the Targeting Child Predators Act, is both an important and a timely piece of legislation. While many of the bills we have dis-cussed today have been aimed at pre-vention and punishment, H.R. 883 pro-vides law enforcement with the tools necessary to stop ongoing abuse, occur-ring in real time, and to locate offend-ers. Because of the severity of sex crimes committed against children and the often irreparable harm they cause, we must take steps to ensure that law en-forcement has the ability to swiftly lo-cate sexual predators. In 1998, Congress recognized this ur-gency by passing the Protection of Children From Sexual Predators Act, which permitted the FBI to use admin-istrative subpoenas in cases of child ex-ploitation. That legislation was in-tended to enhance the FBI’s ability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.025 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4407 May 22, 2017 
investigate online child exploitation offenses in an expeditious manner. Administrative subpoenas are espe-cially useful in child exploitation cases because they are not burdened with grand jury secrecy obligations, so the information may be shared among law enforcement to quickly locate offend-ers in emergency situations. Under current law, the FBI is per-mitted to use an administrative sub-poena to obtain non-content informa-tion from internet service providers in child exploitation cases. H.R. 883 allows the government to prohibit the recipient of a subpoena from disclosing the existence of the subpoena, provided the government certifies there is reason to believe that disclosure may result in endangerment to the life or physical safety of any person, flight to avoid prosecution, de-struction of or tampering with evi-dence, or intimidation of potential wit-nesses. Presently, if agents want to obtain this information with a nondisclosure provision, it must go through the courts, which, of course, defeats the purpose of a speedy mechanism to ob-tain non-content information. Importantly, the bill contains a pro-vision that allows a company in receipt of such a subpoena to insist that the government obtain a court order pro-hibiting the company from disclosing the subpoena to the target. Alter-natively, the company may initiate such proceedings itself in a relevant court to challenge the nondisclosure requirement. Mr. Speaker, a nondisclosure provi-sion is vitally important in child ex-ploitation cases. If a bad guy who has taken a child knows that law enforce-ment is on to him, or is looking for him, what might he do to get away? What might he do to that child? H.R. 883 is an important bill which promotes Congress’ original intent to ensure law enforcement has quick ac-cess to this information. It is narrowly tailored to ensure that its provisions apply in cases where time is of the es-sence. It provides a mechanism for companies to challenge the nondisclo-sure requirements. b1730 I commend Mr. D
ESANTIS , the gen-tleman from Florida and a member of the Judiciary Committee, for intro-ducing this bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I reluctantly rise in op-position to H.R. 883, the Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017. You see, child sexual exploitation and abuse are reprehensible crimes committed against the most vulnerable members of our society. Unfortunately, these offenses have been increasingly facilitated by the use of the internet in recent years. H.R. 883 would change the administrative subpoena statute to fa-cilitate the prosecution of criminals who commit these terrible crimes against children. Without question, I support the goal of pursuing these criminals, but, never-theless, I am concerned that this bill would eliminate judicial oversight of nondisclosure orders currently required prior to the issuance of the administra-tive subpoenas. Section 3486 of title 18 of the United States Code authorizes investigators to request a 90-day order of nondisclosure from a district court judge. The order of nondisclosure forbids the recipient, such as an internet service provider, from alerting the target of the inves-tigation of the law enforcement’s in-quiry. H.R. 883 would extend the non-disclosure period from 90 days to 180 days to allow investigators more time to complete their investigations before the target is informed of the inquiry. Although I would like to have more information about why it is necessary to extend this time period, it is par-ticularly problematic combined with the other significant change to the law made by this very legislation. H.R. 883 would allow investigators to require nondisclosure of internet service pro-viders without the approval of a judge, thereby eliminating any judicial over-sight prior to issuance of the subpoena. The administrative subpoena author-ity is an extraordinary power given to certain agencies by Congress under its limited circumstances. While the legis-lation would allow a recipient to chal-lenge a nondisclosure order in court, I am concerned about the bill’s elimi-nation of judicial approval on the front end. I understand the desire to do more to facilitate the investigation of these crimes and that the online context for them has raised issues that we should continue to examine, but I do not be-lieve we have been given enough infor-mation justifying this bill, at least in its current form. Elimination of prior judicial ap-proval of nondisclosure orders is a step we should undertake only based on evi-dence and careful deliberation. A bill such as the one before us warrants at least a legislative hearing to consider its potential ramifications. I don’t think that is asking too much that we have a hearing on this matter before we decide what to do with the proposal rather than not have one at all. Our committee has not had the benefit of any such hearing on this legislation, and I think this is not the proper way the members of the House Judiciary Committee, who are mostly lawyers, should proceed. Mr. Speaker, accordingly, I oppose H.R. 883, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ), who is the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, every year, thousands of children are victims of cyber exploitation. As a former pros-ecutor who has handled child exploi-tation cases, I know just how impor-tant it is to preserve evidence that can bring predators to justice. After speaking with Florida law en-forcement officials about the chal-lenges they face when tracking sus-pects online, I introduced the Tar-geting Child Predators Act. This is a sensible reform that will better protect our children by preventing suspected child predators from destroying evi-dence and covering their tracks. When tracking a suspected child predator online, law enforcement far too often hits roadblocks that can critically threaten their investigation. Internet service providers who have been issued a duly issued, lawful sub-poena from law enforcement will often inform the suspect that police inves-tigators have requested their informa-tion. Once notified that they are the target of an investigation, child preda-tors can wipe their systems clean and go into hiding, leaving law enforce-ment empty-handed and potentially putting their victims at further risk. The Targeting Child Predators Act is a simple and necessary amendment to our criminal code requiring that ISPs wait 180 days before disclosing to sus-pected child predators that their infor-mation has been requested by law en-forcement. The bill is narrowly tar-geted to child exploitation cases where the destruction of valuable evidence could endanger the safety of a child or seriously jeopardize an ongoing inves-tigation. Additionally, the Targeting Child Predators Act provides judicial review of subpoenas and affords both ISPs and suspects due process as re-quired by law. The Targeting Child Predators Act will protect our children from those who wish to exploit them while main-taining the constitutional rights of suspected criminals. This is an issue that should garner wide bipartisan sup-port from the House. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to step up. Let’s support our vulnerable children. Let’s target child predators, and let’s vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE), who is one of the consistent lead-ers for a good criminal justice system. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member very much, and I thank him for his work. I think the work that we are doing in Judiciary certainly has far-reaching impact. It is important to try to make more efficient the way that we address these very heinous acts against our children. As a strong advocate for children throughout my career, I agree that we in Congress must do everything within our power and authority to prevent child sexual exploitation and abuse. The Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017 is intended to assist investigators in their pursuit of online predators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.026 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4408 May 22, 2017 
I fully support efforts to locate and prosecute individuals who commit such heinous crimes. However, I believe we should discuss the proposal before us with more information from all who would be impacted prior to approving the changes to the law this bill pro-poses. This has a lot of moving parts and participants, particularly in relation to online internet and the variety of pro-viders that are stakeholders in all of this. This bill would modify a powerful yet historically controversial investiga-tory tool: the administrative subpoena. Administrative subpoenas allow cer-tain investigators investigating speci-fied crimes to obtain private records without judicial approval. I can ac-count for the fact, Mr. Speaker, that there are many instances where this may be a vital approach. We know that we live in a very dif-ficult time, and a number of incidents dealing with national security and oth-ers may certainly be impacted by such; but, obviously, there are other sub-poenas that are attendant to those par-ticular acts. But the administrative subpoenas, as indicated, allow Federal investigators investigating specified crimes to obtain private records, as in-dicated, without judicial approval. Although investigators do not need sign-off from a judge before issuing such a subpoena, there is one layer of judicial review that prevents them from abusing their subpoena power. That is the judicial consideration of nondisclosure orders prior to the issuance of subpoenas. At present, a district court judge must determine if circumstances exist to justify issuance of a 90-day non-disclosure order in connection with ad-ministrative subpoenas. Under the terms that I understand are in this pro-posed bill, investigators could require nondisclosure by subpoena recipients for a longer period—180 days—and without first receiving the approval of a district judge, effectively eliminating judicial consideration of nondisclosure orders prior to the issuance of sub-poenas. Subpoena recipients would have the ability to seek judicial review of the nondisclosure requirement only after receiving the subpoena. I believe that this provision raises concerns that remove the wisdom of district judges from this process at the time the gag orders are imposed. Congress authorized the use of these subpoenas to allow investigators to ob-tain information quickly and expedi-tiously, and I think they work that way. The intervention of judicial re-view has not proven to be an obstruc-tion so much so that you might remove it and the wisdom of the court. Con-gress also expressly required that in-vestigators seek the approval of a dis-trict judge for nondisclosure orders connected to these subpoenas. I share my colleagues’ desire to lo-cate and prosecute those who commit child exploitation and abuse crimes, and, in essence, let’s get them, but I do think that the willingness to remove judicial review is one of question. Those individuals who hide behind computer screens committing abhor-rent acts against children on the inter-net must be apprehended and made to answer for their crimes. I would think that the judge would be well aware of how sensitive this is and use their best impression to get moving and to allow the process to proceed. I think this Nation is a land of laws. We abide by the rule of law, and Con-gress has a right to draft laws. But I do think, in this instance, the rule of law, abiding by the rule of law, allowing for the active participation of the court and the wisdom of the court is not too much to ask in a nation that believes in democracy, believes in the rights of the offenders and, as well, the victims. So I am very concerned about this bill, and I would hope that we would have the opportunity to have this ad-dressed or the issues addressed, or ad-dressed in the Senate; and I look for-ward to those issues being addressed in the Senate so that we can, together, handle the concerns that are being ex-pressed and have a bill that does not remove judicial oversight and the wis-dom of the court. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 883, the ‘‘Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017.’’ As a strong advocate for children throughout my career, I agree that we in Con-gress must do everything within our power and authority to prevent child sexual exploi-tation and abuse. The ‘‘Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017’’ is intended to assist investigators in their pur-suit of online child predators. I fully support efforts to locate and pros-ecute individuals who commit such heinous crimes. However, I believe we should discuss the proposal before us—with more information from all who would be impacted—prior to ap-proving the changes to the law this bill pro-poses. This bill would modify a powerful, yet histori-cally controversial, investigatory tool—the ad-ministrative subpoena. Administrative subpoenas allow certain Fed-eral investigators, investigating specified crimes, to obtain private records without judi-cial approval. Although investigators do not need sign-off from a judge before issuing such a subpoena, there is one layer of judicial review that pre-vents them from abusing their subpoena power. That is the judicial consideration of non-disclosure orders prior to the issuance of sub-poenas. At present, a district court judge must deter-mine if circumstances exist to justify issuance of a 90-day nondisclosure order in connection with administrative subpoenas. Under the terms proposed in this bill, inves-tigators could require nondisclosure by sub-poena recipients for a longer period—180 days—and without first receiving the approval of a district judge, effectively eliminating judi-cial consideration of nondisclosure orders prior to the issuance of subpoenas. Subpoena recipients would have the ability to seek judicial review of the nondisclosure re-quirement only after receiving the subpoena. I am deeply concerned with the provision that would remove the wisdom of district judges from this process at the time the gag orders are imposed. Congress authorized the use of these sub-poenas to allow investigators to obtain infor-mation quickly and expeditiously. But, Congress also expressly required that investigators seek the approval of a district judge for nondisclosure orders connected to these subpoenas. I share my colleagues’ desire to locate and prosecute those who commit child exploitation and abuse crimes. Those individuals, who hide behind com-puter screens, committing abhorrent acts against children on the internet, must be ap-prehended and made to answer for their crimes. I am not convinced that this bill is the best way to go about doing so. I hope we can find a way to address this issue, with more information from all con-cerned. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the most problematic aspect of H.R. 883 is that it would eliminate prior judicial approval of nondisclosure orders. I am firmly op-posed to that. And while I fully support efforts to investigate crime, particu-larly those perpetrated against chil-dren, I cannot support this bill without knowing more about how it will affect an already extraordinary investigative power. Let’s have a hearing. That is what our committee is for. The Judiciary Committee should inquire into this very carefully, and, in the absence of such evidence, I must urge, at this time, our colleagues join me in oppos-ing H.R. 883. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to urge my colleagues to support this very important, very targeted legisla-tion. This is not some broad authority. This is very targeted under cir-cumstances where the sexual predator has the child and the authorities need to get information from third parties now so they can find that child and they need those third parties to not disclose information that they are yielding to the government about their whereabouts and other information about them because of the emergency circumstances that are at play here, or you are dealing with someone who has a child and needs to be found so that child can be saved. That is the purpose of this legislation. b1745 It is a good purpose. This legislation should be supported by all the Members of the House. I urge them to do so. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.028 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4409 May 22, 2017 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 883. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to estab-lish a national criminal history back-ground check system and criminal his-tory review program for certain indi-viduals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 695 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Protec-tion Improvements Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HIS-TORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
The National Child Protection Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 5119 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3— (A) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall establish a program, in accordance with this section, to provide qualified entities located in States which do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified entities located in States which do not prohibit the use of the pro-gram established under this paragraph, with ac-cess to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, cov-ered individuals. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in subpara-graph (A) may submit to the appropriate des-ignated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered individual. Quali-fied entities making a request under this para-graph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional ap-plicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is lo-cated.’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsuper-vised’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by redesignating subparagraph (A) as clause (i); (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (bb) by redesignating such subparagraph as clause (ii); (III) by striking ‘‘that each provider who is the subject of a background check’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(A) that each covered individual who is the subject of a background check conducted pursu-ant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(1)’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) that each covered individual who is the subject of a national criminal history back-ground check and criminal history review con-ducted pursuant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3) is entitled to chal-lenge the accuracy and completeness of any in-formation in the criminal history record of the individual by contacting the Federal Bureau of Investigation under the procedure set forth in section 16.34 of title 28, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto.’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘au-thorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘au-thorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; (C) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘offi-cer or employee thereof,’’ the following: ‘‘nor shall any designated entity nor any officer or employee thereof,’’; (D) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) FEES.— ‘‘(1) S
TATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a back-ground check conducted pursuant to a State re-quirement adopted after December 20, 1993, con-ducted with fingerprints on a covered indi-vidual, the fees collected by authorized State agencies and the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion may not exceed eighteen dollars, respec-tively, or the actual cost, whichever is less, of the background check conducted with finger-prints. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a na-tional criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pursuant to the procedures established pursuant to sub-section (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be collected for the provision of a criminal his-tory background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) E
NSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE VOL -
UNTEERS .—A fee system under this subsection shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volunteers from par-ticipating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities.’’; (E) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-
GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity re-ceiving notice of a request submitted by a quali-fied entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, complete a fingerprint-based check of the national criminal history background check sys-tem, and provide the information received in re-sponse to such national criminal history back-ground check to the appropriate designated en-tity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, complete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make de-terminations described in paragraph (2). The At-torney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—A designated entity shall, upon the receipt of the information de-scribed in paragraph (1), make a determination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .— The Attorney General shall, by rule, establish the criteria for use by designated entities in making a determination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4). Such criteria shall be based on the criteria established pursuant to section 108(a)(3)(G)(i) of the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Chil-dren Today Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 5119a note).’’; and (F) by striking— (i) ‘‘provider’’ each place it appears, and in-serting ‘‘covered individual’’; and (ii) ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it appears, and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; and (2) in section 5— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have ac-cess to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified entity; and ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or op-erate, a qualified entity.’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be fully implemented by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 695, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we have spent a great deal of time this afternoon discussing legislation designed to detect and pun-ish sexual predators. These bills are all strong, well crafted, and laudable. I urge my colleagues to support them. However, there is another facet to this problem, which is prevention. This may be the most important action we as Congress can take in the realm of child exploitation laws. We must do all we can to prevent child exploitation from happening in the first place. Mr. Speaker, that is why I am pleased to bring H.R. 695, the Child Protection Improvements Act, before the House today. This legislation is ex-tremely important in that it makes permanent a successful pilot program that allowed youth-serving organiza-tions access to FBI fingerprint data-base searches. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.031 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4410 May 22, 2017 
In 2003, the PROTECT Act created the Child Safety Pilot Program, which ran from 2003 until 2011, and provided access to FBI fingerprint background checks for a variety of child-serving nonprofits. The pilot conducted over 105,000 background checks during its exist-ence. 6.2 percent of potential volun-teers were found to have criminal records of concern. While that may seem like a small percentage, Mr. Speaker, it works out to over 6,500 in-dividuals. In addition, over 40 percent of indi-viduals with criminal records of con-cern had crimes in States other than where they were applying to volunteer, meaning that only a nationwide check would have flagged these individuals’ criminal records. The criminal offenses detected among some of these checks included convictions for criminal sexual con-duct with a child, child endangerment, and manslaughter. Twenty-six percent of these individuals showed a different name on their record than the one they used on their job application. H.R. 695 allows organizations such as the YMCA to submit fingerprints to a designated entity which, in turn, sub-mits them to the FBI for processing. The system protects privacy rights by ensuring that the specifics of a crimi-nal record are never disclosed without explicit consent by the applicant, and it provides opportunity for individuals to correct errors in their records di-rectly with the FBI. Importantly, the bill does not man-date that youth-serving organizations use this process. It merely makes the process more accessible and more af-fordable for organizations that wish to use it. Mr. Speaker, the harsh reality is that there are individuals who will put themselves in positions where they are entrusted with children so they can then betray that trust in the worst way imaginable. That is why bills like H.R. 695, and other bills we have discussed today, are so important. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this strong bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 695, the Child Protection Im-provements Act, and tip my hat to the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the author of the bill, who we will hear from shortly. We have a special responsibility to protect our young people and vulner-able adults. For that reason, I am pleased that we are considering this measure which would provide a robust, easily accessible, cost-effective back-ground check system for organizations that work with youth and vulnerable adults. I support it for a number of rea-sons. To begin with, it will facilitate more comprehensive criminal background checks which provide a critical layer of protection. These checks help identify individuals who could potentially harm participants in programs for children, young people, and vulnerable adults as well. Background checks also serve to en-sure the integrity and accountability of the organizations that sponsor these programs by reducing potential threats. Results from background checks that search criminal histories nationwide are more reliable than background checks that only search criminal histories in a few States. I think that is obvious. Secondly, the State background checks are no substitute whatsoever for the FBI’s fingerprint-based system, which is the only nationwide database that allows a search of criminal his-tories in every single State. Currently, this database can only be accessed through the State law en-forcement agencies, and many States limit the ability of organizations to ac-cess the system, with some States com-pletely even forbidding access—no ac-cess whatsoever. As a result, organiza-tions must navigate a labyrinth of State laws or rely on private compa-nies to perform background checks of employees and volunteers. H.R. 695, on the other hand, would provide organizations with the ability to access the FBI’s superior system without impacting the autonomy of States or the organizations. States would be able to continue or establish their own background check systems, and organizations would not be re-quired to perform FBI background checks of potential applicants or vol-unteers. Finally, the need for this legislation is clearly justified by the Child Safety Pilot Program, which we implemented over a decade ago. This program docu-mented the effectiveness of nationwide background checks for youth-serving organizations. Based on a comprehen-sive review of thousands of criminal history records spanning an 8-year pe-riod, the program demonstrated that people who might pose a risk to the safety of children, nevertheless, at-tempted to work with children. For example, the program identified applicants who, to avoid detection, used aliases, incorrect dates of birth, or wrong Social Security numbers. Some of these applicants had serious criminal histories, including even homicides, sexual assaults, child endangerment, and even rape. More than a third of criminal history hits were from out-of-state, and more than half of the people with criminal history hits failed to disclose them on their application. H.R. 695 would give organizations ac-cess to the FBI’s comprehensive back-ground check system and thereby help ensure the safety of our youth and oth-ers. Accordingly, I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in supporting this important measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ), one of the two chief sponsors of this legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his great work in bringing this matter forward. Mr. Speaker, protection of children is not a partisan matter, and I am grate-ful to the committee, committee staff, and Chairman G
OODLATTE for his lead-ership in this matter and bringing this forward. With school ending and summer camp starting, this is the time to bring awareness to and pass the Child Pro-tection Improvements Act. Every year, millions of people work with or volunteer to help our children wherever they are as camp counselors, local youth sports coaches, mentors. You name it. All across America, there are organizations where people can make a difference in the lives of our Nation’s youth, and our children can absolutely benefit from these pro-grams. Take the Boys and Girls Clubs, MENTOR, or the YMCA, just to name a few. These groups and dozens of others, which exist virtually in all of our dis-tricts, have come to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) and to me asking for help. Just like any parent, they too want to ensure that people working with our kids are decent, with clean back-grounds and good intentions. Mr. Speaker, that is where Congress comes in. We have a duty to ensure every youth-serving organization in America can afford and access the best back-ground checks on staff and volunteers so they can properly vet people who might have traveled across State lines. This means utilizing the FBI’s gold- standard database. Shockingly enough, not every organi-zation has the option today, but we have the ability to change that. The Child Protection Improvements Act would allow all youth-serving organiza-tions to utilize the FBI fingerprint- based background checks. We are sim-ply eliminating the red tape that pre-vents the access in some of these States so every organization can ade-quately look out for our children, no matter where they live. For those who are justifiably con-cerned about the cost, it should also be noted that the CPIA is fiscally respon-sible, as it does not authorize any new spending. The program will be sup-ported by fees assessed for background checks by the requesting nonprofit or-ganizations. Mr. Speaker, every kid deserves a childhood where they can explore, grow, and do fun things beyond the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.032 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4411 May 22, 2017 
walls of their home and school. As a fa-ther of three myself, I ask my col-leagues to support this commonsense measure to catch potential threats and keep our kids safe. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) for his contribution. I yield as much time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee and the au-thor of the bill. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Child Protection Improvements Act. I would like to thank the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) who has been an excellent partner working with me on this bill, the first version of which was introduced in 2007. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and Rank-ing Member C
ONYERS for their work on the bill as well. I volunteered with Big Brothers Big Sisters many years ago. I was paired with an extraordinary young man named David who is now himself a Big Brother. I have always said that I have learned as much or more from David and the program as he ever learned from me. The experience also helped me under-stand the huge amount of trust that we put in volunteers at organizations all around the country. In the vast major-ity of cases, that trust is well placed. But, unfortunately, there are excep-tions. For that reason, in 2003, Congress created the Child Safety Pilot Program to demonstrate the feasibility of allow-ing youth-serving nonprofits to access FBI background checks. b1800 The FBI maintains the database of criminal histories from every State in the Nation, searchable by fingerprint. An FBI search is really the gold stand-ard when it comes to background checks, as it cannot be evaded by using a fake name, and it will find convic-tions from every State. I believe that the gold standard is what we should strive for when it comes to protecting children, seniors, and individuals with disabilities who are put in a poten-tially vulnerable situation. Between 2003 and 2011, youth-serving organizations were able to run over 100,000 background checks through this pilot program, and about 6 percent of the potential volunteers were revealed to have criminal records of concern. Applicants were found with convictions for everything from murder to child abuse, to sexual assault; and frequently those convictions were from out of State, so only a national background check would have found them. H.R. 695 ensures that every child- serving organization in America will have access to the most comprehensive and effective background check pos-sible. H.R. 695 will also protect the ap-plicant’s privacy and does not allow for the individual’s specific criminal record to be disclosed without explicit consent by the potential volunteer. We have demonstrated that back-ground checks for nonprofits working with children can be conducted quick-ly, affordably, and accurately. It is time to create a system that is perma-nent and that will protect children and other vulnerable populations while en-suring the privacy of volunteers. I urge the passage of this bipartisan bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me also congratulate Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. B
ISHOP . And as was indicated on the floor, thank you very much, Mr. C
ONYERS . This is the kind of bill that is correc-tive and effective. This bill would allow a more effective and comprehensive criminal background check, which will help identify the integrity and ac-countability of the organizations that sponsor these programs. Many of us have worked with the Boys and Girls Clubs, Boys and Girls Scouts, and many other organizations that really work to help children. These nationwide criminal background checks are more reliable than back-ground checks that only search crimi-nal histories in a few States. Many States currently limit the abil-ity of organizations to access their database and, thus, force organizations to depend on private companies to per-form background checks of employees and volunteers. If anybody has been on the board of a nonprofit dealing with children, you realize that you want to put most of your resources investing in the programs to help these children. H.R. 695, however, would alleviate this burden of expense and allow organiza-tions to access the FBI’s more robust system. In the Child Safety Pilot Program, which we implemented over 10 years ago, it demonstrates the effectiveness of nationwide background checks for youth-serving organizations. The pro-gram has effectively exposed appli-cants who use aliases, incorrect dates of birth, and other identifiers, some of whom have serious criminal back-grounds. That is the preventative way to protect our children, by ensuring a very healthy, robust vetting of individ-uals who want to engage with our chil-dren. H.R. 695 would allow organizations to access the FBI’s comprehensive back-ground check system and to create a more accurate determination of indi-viduals who want to work with chil-dren. Volunteers we welcome, but we want to ensure that those volunteers are there to take care of our children, to help our children, and improve the lives of our children. H.R. 695 is a very important contributor to that effort. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I am pleased to make my closing remarks. Mr. Speaker, the Child Protection Improvements Act is a reasonable, bi-partisan piece of legislation intended to protect our children and vulnerable adults from harm and give those who love them peace of mind. Although we still have work to do to address the accuracy and reliability of some criminal history records and give individuals an opportunity to challenge incomplete or inaccurate records, this is a good bill. For those reasons, I urge everyone in this Chamber to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. SCHIFF ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). I thank the ranking member of the full com-mittee and the ranking member of the subcommittee and the chairman of the subcommittee for working on this im-portant legislation with me and the committee staff. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 695, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the defi-nition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1625 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Targeted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking’’ or the ‘‘TARGET Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Trafficking in persons is a major transnational crime that threatens United States national security and humanitarian interests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.033 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4412 May 22, 2017 
(2) Trafficking in persons is increasingly perpetrated by organized, sophisticated criminal enterprises. (3) Combating trafficking in persons re-quires a global approach to identifying and apprehending the world’s worst human traf-ficking rings. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s re-wards program is a powerful tool in com-bating sophisticated international crime and that the Department of State and Federal law enforcement should work in concert to offer rewards that target human traffickers who threaten United States national secu-rity and humanitarian interests by preying on the most vulnerable people around the world. 
SEC. 3. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE. 
Paragraph (5) of section 36(k) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; (3) by inserting before clause (i), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(A) means—’’; (4) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(B) includes severe forms of trafficking in persons, as such term is defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1625 is the human trafficking TARGET Act. It authorizes the State Department and Federal law enforcement to target international human traffickers, and they can do that by offering rewards for their ar-rest or conviction anywhere around the globe. Mr. Speaker, I think for all of us, with some of the cases we have had in our districts, some of our constituents, some of the victims, this is pretty close to all of us. It has touched many of our communities, because trafficking in persons here in the U.S. and worldwide is a major global crime that destroys countless lives at home and abroad, and the most vulnerable are destroyed by this. Many of these persons—and they are primarily women and children—are trafficked into international sex trade by force or by fraud or by coercion. And I will remind everyone, out in southern California, in L.A., the aver-age age of a girl being trafficked is 14. In Orange County, the average age is 14. So when I say ‘‘by force,’’ we are talking about abduction. When I say ‘‘by fraud,’’ that is a situation where they get one of these gigolos, one of those Romeos—they call them—to go out, convince some girl to run off with him, get her out of State, and then he sells her to a criminal gang. The gang sells her to the crime syndicate. Now her fate is sealed. Or through coercion, and we have heard these cases. At 14, young people are pretty gullible, what this criminal organization is going to do to her sister or to her parents if she does not go along. So this transnational crime also in-cludes forced labor. It involves signifi-cant violations of public health, human rights standards worldwide, and every other kind of moral standard you could think of. And that is why, as chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and as Representative for the 39th District in California, I have, over the last few years, made working on this issue and moving legislation on this horrific crime a top priority for the committee, and we have had bipar-tisan support throughout for this legis-lation. We have enacted many bills in recent years, including the Inter-national Megan’s Law last February. We have held committee hearings in Washington, in L.A., and in Orange County to hear firsthand from victims. For example, at a field hearing in Fullerton, we heard from Angela Guanzon, who was trafficked from the Philippines into coerced servitude in Los Angeles where she worked for 18 hours a day every day without a week-end off, without a holiday off, was forced to sleep on the hallway floor until a sharp-eyed neighbor finally alerted law enforcement. I helped establish a Human Traf-ficking Congressional Advisory Com-mittee. I established that in the 39th District for L.A., Orange County, and San Bernardino. We have local law en-forcement involved in that as well as the Federal authorities, victims rights groups, and community advocates in California to address these concerns, to try to come up with solutions. Mr. Speaker, we have made progress, but there is still so much work to be done. If we are going to end human trafficking, it will take all of us work-ing together, so I want to thank Rank-ing Member E
NGEL , of course, Con-gressman C
ONNOLLY , and the coauthor of my legislation here, L
OISFRANKEL , for their outstanding work on this measure. As has been discussed today, traf-ficking in persons is increasingly per-petuated and perpetrated by sophisti-cated transnational criminal enter-prises. The traffickers themselves oper-ate outside sometimes of our borders. Other times they are inside our bor-ders, but the profits from the traf-ficking industry contribute to the ex-pansion of organized crime and ter-rorism here and worldwide. That is why combating human traf-ficking requires a global approach to identify and apprehend the world’s worst offenders. This TARGET Act for traffickers does that. It targets human trafficking globally through the De-partment of State’s very successful Re-wards Programs. Rewards issued under these programs have led to the capture of major terror-ists and international criminals, in-cluding—I will remind Members— Ramzi Yousef, who was convicted in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, several members of the Abu Sayyaf terrorist group who kidnapped and killed American citizens, and over 60 major international drug traffickers. All of them were convicted with the help of this particular program that we want to expand now, that we want to apply here. A reward on one’s head creates real fear for terrorists and criminals. At one committee hearing, a State De-partment official testified that one captured narcotics trafficker told DEA agents he would no longer trust anyone in his organization after the U.S. put a $5 million reward for his capture. I remember the quote. He said he felt like a hunted man. Well, Mr. Speaker, we want human traffickers to know the fear of being hunted. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1815 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I laud the leadership of the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and my good friend, the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), for taking a particular lead in our com-mittee on this terribly important topic. I rise in support of H.R. 1625, the Tar-geted Rewards for the Global Eradi-cation of Human Trafficking Act. Let me start by again thanking both of my colleagues for their leadership. I am also proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill to help bring human traf-fickers to justice. Human trafficking is an abhorrent practice, increasingly perpetrated by organized criminal enterprises, that de-prives people of their most precious gift: human autonomy. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness presume autonomy. Without autonomy, iden-tity is lost, and the ability to pursue those inalienable rights Thomas Jeffer-son wrote about in our Declaration of Independence do not exist. They are nullified. This major transnational crime threatens United States security and humanitarian interests all over the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.012 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4413 May 22, 2017 
This bill would allow the State De-partment to pay cash through the Re-wards for Justice program for informa-tion leading to the arrest and convic-tion of human traffickers worldwide. These cash rewards are a proven meth-od for cracking open international criminal networks. Congress originally established the program to gain more information in terrorism cases. We have since ex-panded it to include other crimes as well. With this legislation, we will give law enforcement the ability to use this valuable tool in the fight against human trafficking. Over the last two decades, the United States has actively fought human traf-ficking through provisions laid out in the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act, which estab-lished the annual Trafficking in Per-sons Report and subsequent reauthor-izations. Human trafficking is nothing short of modern-day slavery. As the TIP Re-port demonstrates, human trafficking affects, unfortunately, every country in the world, including, of course, the United States, as the distinguished chairman described. As ranking member of the House Oversight Subcommittee on Govern-ment Operations, I joined with the then-subcommittee chairman, J
AMES  L
ANKFORD , now Senator from Okla-homa, to investigate the abuse of for-eign nationals employed by govern-ment contractors. Together, we intro-duced the End Trafficking in Govern-ment Contracting Act, which was en-acted as part of the fiscal 2013 National Defense Authorization Act. Whether it takes the form of forced labor or sexual exploitation, every case of human trafficking deprives an indi-vidual of their basic human rights. More than 20 million people fall victim to this heinous crime every year. A dis-proportionate share of the victims are women and children, and only a very small fraction will ever see their traf-fickers held accountable. We must and can do more to bring the perpetrators of this heinous crime to justice. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. It will give law enforcement a proven method to help finally bring an end to this modern-day slave traf-ficking. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), my good friend and coauthor of this important piece of legislation. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Mr. C
ONNOLLY and, of course, the chair of our committee for his fine work and our ranking member. Mr. Speaker, as we have heard al-ready, human trafficking is a global crisis of epic proportions. An estimated 12 to 20 million men and women around the world are being subjected to slav-ery of some sort. In fact, it is the num-ber two criminal enterprise on Earth. I have seen the effects of this human trafficking up close. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about a couple visits I made. When I went to Peru, I went to a cou-ple shelters there, which were now the homes of young girls who had been trafficked. The first one I went to, there were girls in their mid-teens who had been raised in families that were very, very poor. Their families were ap-proached by these traffickers, who told them they would take their children, take their daughters to ‘‘the promised land.’’ They were going to take them to an area in Peru where they would be educated, well fed, and well nourished. What they really ended up doing was taking these young girls and basically enslaving them. They found themselves in people’s homes where they would be locked up, literally, for years. From the time the Sun came up to the time the Sun went down, these children told their stories of having to, for example, peel potatoes, peel potatoes day and night. No education, no mingling with their peers, just deprived of the joy of childhood. At another shelter we went to, we visited young girls, again, who had been saved from their slavery. They had been kidnapped off the streets— they were now teenagers—when they were 9 and 10 and 11. I mean, it was just hard for me to hear these stories. I am sure it will be hard for you to hear these stories. When they were preteens, they were kidnapped off the streets. Some of them were locked in trunks. They were beaten. They were forced in submission to become sex slaves to miners. Again, children deprived of their education, deprived of their inno-cence. I am not only haunted when I think back on them, I am haunted because I remember looking in their eyes—look-ing in their eyes—and saying to myself: How could this happen? How in our civ-ilization do we let this happen to inno-cent children? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, when I returned home to the United States, I heard a story from a young woman named Shandra, who had a work visa to come over here from Indo-nesia to work in a hotel. On her way over, she was kidnapped by traffickers and forced into commercial sex slavery for 2 to 3 years on the I–95 corridor. The way she escaped was through a bathroom window. I thank Mr. R OYCE for letting me have an opportunity to join him in this legislation, which is going to target these sex and labor traffickers, give a powerful tool to stop what we call mod-ern-day slavery. I am very proud to support the TARGET Act. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. FRANKEL ) especially for the trips that she has made overseas—not just here in the United States—to do this investigative work to expose traf-ficking and for being the original lead Democratic coauthor with me on this bill. I also want to again thank G
ERRY  C
ONNOLLY for his work. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. He has done a great deal of work over the years on this issue as well. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is an excellent piece of legislation. Like Ms. F
RANKEL mentioned during her comments on the floor, we had the opportunity to go to Peru together to visit children who were way up in the mountains being protected from those deviants who wanted to traffic them not only in Peru, but other parts of South America. I had, also, the opportunity to go to Costa Rica and meet some young girls who were being trafficked in Costa Rica and into other foreign countries. I remember one girl named Lilli. She was 7 years of age when I met her. She did not talk at all, even though she had the physical ability to talk, but she did not talk because of the trauma that she had been through before she had been rescued and put in that shelter in Costa Rica. There are a lot of little girls like Lilli throughout the world, including in the United States. Societies must make the decision now that we will not tolerate the stolen innocence of young children by those who sell them on the marketplace of slavery for money, whether that is the trafficker, the slave master, or the buyer, the con-sumer. We, as a world, cannot tolerate that. The United States has taken the lead on international trafficking and, I be-lieve, on trafficking here in the U.S. This legislation, the TARGET Act, makes it clear that we are not going to tolerate this conduct and that those people who act this way in the slave trade are going to be held accountable for their conduct, and the consequences for what they do are not going to be pleasant. Plus, we are going to rescue those young children. I support this legislation, Mr. Speak-er. And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let every Member of Congress who is a parent, let every American who is a parent ask himself or herself: How would you feel if your loved one, your child were made prey by human traf-fickers? Imagine the heartache. Imag-ine the terrible grief, the trauma and tragedy of such a situation—and now remember 20 million fellow human beings go through that experience every year. This is a crime that is repugnant to all human value. This is a crime we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.037 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4414 May 22, 2017 
stop. This is a subject matter that can bring us together, irrespective of whether we are Democrats or Repub-licans, for the sake of our fellow human beings, for the sake of that human autonomy that is celebrated in the Declaration of Independence and enshrined in the Constitution of the United States and the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Let us take this step today. Let us rededicate ourselves to the idea that all human autonomy is sacred and that that is what we, too, are dedicated to support and uphold. I urge passage of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me say that, for republics in Eu-rope and our United States, we credit our civilizations with having eradi-cated slavery some 150 years or more ago, but clearly Judge P
OEuses the right word here: Slavery is, in fact, what is committed in these acts. I can tell you, my chief of staff, hav-ing worked in relief efforts in south Asia and in Cambodia with underaged girls as young as the ones described by Judge P
OE—7, 8, 9 years old—the most vulnerable people on this planet are being sold into slavery. As long as force and fraud, coercion is used to prey upon the most vulnerable, as long as profits from these victims suffering from the ill-gotten gains are used to build out criminal networks to snare more and more of these children, as long as trafficking in persons is a glob-al crime that extends beyond the ca-pacity of certain governments, then it requires a global response and, again, as my colleagues have said, requires that the United States, therefore, lead. b1830 So this bill targets human traffickers around the world through the Depart-ment of State’s successful reward pro-grams by offering rewards for their capture anywhere on Earth, it lets the victims of human trafficking know we will not stop until they are free, and it tells the predators that we will not stop until they are behind bars. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1625. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 953, REDUCING REGULATORY BURDENS ACT OF 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–145) on the resolution (H. Res. 348) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 953) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 1862, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1842, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
GLOBAL CHILD PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1862) to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 372, nays 30, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 269] YEAS—372 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.039 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4415 May 22, 2017 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—30 
Amash Bass Beyer Capuano Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clyburn Conyers DeSaulnier Ellison Evans Fudge Hastings Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Khanna Lee Massie McEachin McGovern Nadler Richmond Schakowsky Scott (VA) Smith (WA) Takano Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—28 
Black Brooks (AL) Buchanan Carter (TX) Chaffetz Cicilline Collins (NY) Cummings Deutch Esty (CT) Granger Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Huizenga Johnson, Sam Kind Labrador Lewis (GA) Lynch Newhouse Pascrell Payne Polis Rohrabacher Smith (TX) Swalwell (CA) Tiberi Valadao 
b1857 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. MAX-INE WATERS of California, and Mr. HASTINGS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CARSON of Indiana, JEFFRIES, Ms. MOORE, Mr. ALLEN, and Ms. ADAMS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CHILDREN’S SAFETY ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1842) to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of violence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Fed-eral law, to include prior military of-fenses for purposes of recidivist sen-tencing provisions, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 371, nays 30, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 270] YEAS—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—30 
Amash Bass Capuano Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clyburn Conyers DeSaulnier Ellison Espaillat Evans Fudge Huffman Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Khanna Lee Massie McEachin McGovern Moore Nadler Richmond Schakowsky Scott (VA) Smith (WA) Takano Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Jackson Lee 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bishop (MI) Black Brooks (AL) Buchanan Carter (TX) Chaffetz Cicilline Collins (NY) Cummings Deutch Esty (CT) Granger Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Huizenga Johnson, Sam Kind Labrador Lewis (GA) Newhouse Pascrell Payne Polis Rohrabacher Smith (TX) Swalwell (CA) Tiberi Valadao 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1904 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. GRANGER. Madam Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 269 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 270. 
f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO LIBRARY OF CONGRESS TRUST FUND BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s re-appointment, pursuant to section 1 of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board Act (2 U.S.C. 154), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a 5-year term: Ambassador Richard Fredericks, San Francisco, California 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 2(a) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.009 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4416 May 22, 2017 
the National Cultural Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76h(a)), amended by Public Law 107–117, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , New Jersey 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO HEALTH INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY ADVISORY COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 4003(e) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Pub. L. 114–255), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following indi-vidual on the part of the House to the Health Information Technology Advi-sory Committee: Mr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, Culver City, California 
f 
HONORING BRIAN C. COOPER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I rise to congratulate Brian Cooper, who is retiring from the Office of the Parliamentarian after 35 years on Cap-itol Hill. Brian’s first job came in 1982, when he was hired in the stock room of the Longworth Building working in Publication and Distribution Services. Since then, Brian held a variety of positions in Congress, where he learned the intricacies of the legislative proc-ess, and the inner workings of House operations—skills that earned him a job at the House Parliamentarian Of-fice, where he currently serves as Chief Clerk. A consummate professional, Brian has spent his career committed to assisting with an orderly and accu-rate legislative process, observed in a fair and nonpartisan manner. Madam Speaker, I ask my congres-sional colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Brian Cooper on his long- deserved retirement and wish him all the best as he pursues his passions, in-cluding his artistic endeavors, trav-eling, spending more time with his family, and cheering on his favorite Baltimore sports teams. Bon voyage and Godspeed to Brian Cooper. 
f 
FUND CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Madam Speaker, in our increasingly competi-tive world, the importance of education beyond our K–12 system has only grown. As we address this reality, it is vital that we recognize the importance of career and technical education, in addition to colleges and universities. That is why I am proud to be the lead Democrat on the bipartisan Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bill, which passed the Education and the Workforce Committee last week unani-mously, will increase funding for ca-reer and technical education by 9 per-cent over the next 6 years to modernize these initiatives and to ensure students have the skills employers are looking for. Through investing in our citizens and our economy, this bill will help hard-working families across the country join and stay in the middle class. I am proud to work with my colleagues from both parties, including Congressman THOMPSON from Pennsylvania, to build a more promising future for millions of Americans, and I hope this bill will soon receive consideration on the House floor. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO COREY BULMAN AS MINNESOTA TEACH-ER OF THE YEAR (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate Corey Bulman, an English and literature teacher at Mound Westonka High School, on being named Minnesota’s Teacher of the Year. This is an extraordinary achieve-ment and a tribute to his enthusiasm both inside and outside of the class-room. Mr. Bulman began teaching at Mound Westonka 17 years ago, where he de-voted his entire tenure as an educator to enriching students in the classroom through his creative, imaginative, and insightful curriculums. What sets him apart is the meaningful and empow-ering connections he develops with his students. As one of his former students said: ‘‘Corey was an adult, who showed me he believed I was smart, and cared about my ideas. He was honest, funny, and made me believe in myself.’’ Madam Speaker, there is no doubt that Mr. Bulman has touched so many of his students’ lives. He understands how forming these bonds can inspire students for future success. Madam Speaker, I want to congratu-late Corey and thank him for dedi-cating himself on educating, inspiring, and empowering our young students. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH AND KENNATH FORSYTH-SEARS (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, as co-chair of the Congressional Foster Youth Caucus, I rise in recognition of National Foster Care Month and in honor of the remarkable foster youth alumnus that I am fortunate to host this week: Kennath Forsyth-Sears. Kennath hails from the Ocean State, where he attends my alma mater, Rhode Island College, and aspires to work with children with disabilities. Kennath is a reminder of why we must ensure every child has the oppor-tunity to reach their full potential. Madam Speaker, all children need the support and love of a family, yet find-ing ‘‘forever families’’ for foster youth is one of our biggest challenges. Madam Speaker, it is our moral duty to care for these children as we would our own, including by supporting per-manency for foster youth. I thank my co-chair of the Congres-sional Foster Youth Caucus and the leader of our Caucus, Congresswoman KAREN BASSof California, for bringing young people like Kennath to Capitol Hill for Foster Youth Shadow Day, and I urge my colleagues to join me in hon-oring National Foster Care Month. 
f 
b1915 ERDOGAN: THE VIOLATOR OF DEMOCRATIC PRINCIPLES (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, it looks like Turkish President Erdogan has brought his brutal crackdown on human rights to Washington, D.C. For years, Erdogan has attacked Tur-key’s democratic institutions, under-mined the rule of law, and violated Turkish civil liberties. On Tuesday, several bullies violently assaulted pro-testers outside the Turkish Embassy here in Washington. These Gestapo- type body guards beat peaceful dem-onstrators, in one case kicking a woman lying on the ground. This type of behavior is unacceptable. Erdogan is becoming a Turkish dic-tator. One of the traits of a dictator is to violently quash opposition. He is showing he doesn’t believe in the demo-cratic principles of free speech and peaceful assembly. But, Madam Speak-er, we will have no foreign tyrant vio-lating these sacred rights on American soil without consequences. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
5000 ROLE MODELS OF EXCELLENCE PROJECT (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Madam Speaker, tomorrow 50 Miami-Dade County ninth grade boys from various chapters of the 5000 Role Models of Ex-cellence Project will visit Washington, D.C. They are all college-bound and have earned the promise of a 4-year scholarship from the program. 5000 Role Models is an in-school drop-out prevention program that will turn 25 years old in January 2018. There are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.045 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4417 May 22, 2017 
6,000 participants in Miami-Dade Coun-ty, 3,000 in St. Petersburg, and 2,000 in Jacksonville school districts. The program’s goal is to mentor mi-nority boys beginning in elementary school, middle school, and high school, all the while guiding them along a carefully charted path to manhood and sending them to college. Madam Speaker, in this season of youth violence, during which boys get entangled in the school-to-prison pipe-line, we are proud of the project and the tens of thousands of boys it has helped to become successful, contrib-uting men in society. For example, Barry Jenkins, director of the Oscar- winning film ‘‘Moonlight,’’ is a 1998 graduate of the program. I look forward to welcoming these young men here tomorrow and hope you will get a chance to meet them, also. If you do, give them a hug and tell them that you love them. 
f 
ALS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, May is ALS Aware-ness Month. It is a time many lend their voices to the fight against ALS and help raise awareness about this devastating disease. ALS is often referred to as Lou Gehrig’s disease, after the baseball great was diagnosed with the progres-sive neurodegenerative disease that af-fects the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Recently, I had the honor of meeting with people from Pennsylvania to talk about ALS, including Michael Bond, who has ALS, and his wife and care-taker, Karen Bond, both of Edinboro, Pennsylvania; and Jayne Cawthorne of Centre County, Pennsylvania, who is a long-time advocate for the ALS Asso-ciation. Jayne and her daughter have been visiting with me since I was first elected to Congress, and their advocacy continues to build hope while their as-sociation aggressively searches for new treatments and cures. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1361, which would ensure access to complex rehabilitation technology such as power wheelchairs and their components and accessories. When you have lost the ability to walk, move your hands, or hold your head up, these technologies are critical. 
f 
NATIONAL MARITIME DAY (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Mari-time Day. Since America’s founding, our men and women who serve as mariners have dedicated themselves to protecting our economy and our interests at home and abroad. Whether it be through ensuring the delivery of goods, supporting us during times of peace, or standing up during times of war, the maritime in-dustry has held strong. The Port of Los Angeles, which I am proud to represent, has made countless contributions not only to California but to every other congressional dis-trict. As a member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I work to ensure the safety and security of the Port of Los Angeles so that it can continue to serve as America’s port. Along with the Port of Long Beach, the ports employ twice as many men and women as the Hollywood entertainment industry. Today, I am proud to honor those men and women who serve and have served as U.S. merchant mariners. I ask that we continue to support the maritime industry today, and every day. f 
SUPPORT OUR VETERANS (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2288, the Vet-erans Appeals Improvement and Mod-ernization Act of 2017, a bill that ad-dresses the Department of Veterans Af-fairs’ broken appeals process. As of April 1, 2017, the number of pending appeals for disability com-pensation with the VA has reached 470,000. That is more than a 20 percent increase since fiscal year 2015. At cur-rent funding levels and using its cur-rent operational structure, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs estimates that it will take at least 5 years to ad-dress the backlog of appeals claims. That is unsatisfactory. We can do better. We must do better. Our vet-erans deserve better. They have risked their lives to protect the freedoms we hold so dear, and it is up to us to make sure they receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. H.R. 2288 modernizes the appeals process to efficiently and effectively resolve backlogged claims and prevent this kind of backlog from happening in the future. This bipartisan piece of leg-islation takes a giant leap toward a more efficient Department of Veterans Affairs, and I strongly urge my col-leagues to support it. 
f 
SABOTAGE X 2 (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, sabo-tage. A plot is afoot in Washington. It is time to sound the alarms. It is time to let the people know. It is time to ride like Paul Revere across our Nation and awaken Americans to this sinister scheme. President Trump is sabotaging the Affordable Care Act. Trump has threat-ened to cut subsidies to millions of Americans, creating more uncertainty today by stalling in court. He has re-fused to fund the high-risk corridors, causing insurance companies to flee States like Iowa and Kentucky. He has cut the public notices to keep those in need of healthcare in the dark. He has cut the signup period in half to prevent more Americans from signing up. Is sabotage destroying the healthcare market worth it? Is robbing millions of Americans of healthcare coverage worth it? Is that the price Trump is willing to pay for repeal? To give tax cuts to billionaires? Mr. Trump, ObamaCare works. If you break it, you own it. When you sabo-tage healthcare for millions of Ameri-cans, you are responsible. And the peo-ple ought to know. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. f 
MILITARY APPRECIATION MONTH (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Madam Speaker, if history has taught us anything over the years, it is that freedom is not free. It comes at a great price. It is easy to take for granted the freedoms we enjoy, but this Military Appreciation Month I pray that we all reflect upon the sacrifices the men and women of our Armed Forces have made for our liberty and our security. Specifically, I am reminded today of the 5,100 dedicated men and women serving at Dyess Air Force Base, home of the 7th Bomb Wing and the 317th Airlift Group, and the 40,000 veterans in my district in west Texas. It is with them in mind, Madam Speaker, that I would like to express my gratitude for those who have served, my sorrow for those who did not make it back home, and my condo-lences to those who have lost someone dear in service to our great country. Let us never forget them. Let us al-ways remind our children and grand-children of the sacrifices of those who gave up their today so that we can have our tomorrow. God bless our men and women in uni-form. And God bless these United States of America. 
f 
WORLD AT A CROSSROADS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, as I stand here, our world stands at a crossroads. As I stand here, 20 million stand at risk of starvation at the hands of what has the potential to become the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II: famine in South Sudan and impending famine in northeast Ni-geria, Somalia, and Yemen. Additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.047 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4418 May 22, 2017 
funding is needed to avert the desta-bilization of entire regions and to sup-port refugees fleeing into neighboring countries. Earlier this year, a bipartisan group of Members proposed that the U.S. al-locate $1 billion in emergency funding for famine response. Thanks to those efforts, Congress pledged to provide $990 million in emergency funding in fiscal year appropriations. Foreign aid is an investment. It makes our country, and those overseas fighting for us, dramatically safer. With leadership comes responsibility. Providing aid is a moral imperative. 
f 
WHAT DO WE HAVE TO LOSE: NATIONAL SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order. For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, the constituents we represent, and all Americans. Tonight, we will highlight the Presi-dent’s action to undermine our na-tional security, including, but not lim-ited to, abruptly firing FBI Director Comey in order to ease pressure on the Russian investigation just 1 day before sharing classified information with a Russian official. Madam Speaker, many in this coun-try believe Congress continues to have trouble accomplishing the basic re-quirements of its job. Up until a few weeks ago, we were still scrambling yet again to complete spending legislation to prevent a government shutdown. If the only measure of national secu-rity success during the President’s first 100 days were avoiding catastrophe, okay, President Trump has succeeded: no attacks on the U.S., no new wars, no nuclear Armageddon. These are good things, and in the mo-ment we can breathe a sigh of relief. However, these outcomes, arguably, owe more to the national security ma-chine built by the President’s prede-cessors than any decision of the 45th President. President Trump’s first major budget proposal will be released tomorrow. It is reported to include massive cuts to Medicaid and will call for drastically and unprecedented changes to anti-poverty programs. As for Medicaid, the State Federal programs that provide healthcare to low-income Americans, Trump’s draco-nian budget plan would follow through on a bill passed by House Republicans to cut more than $800 billion over 10 years. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that this would cut off Med-icaid benefits for 10 million people over the next decade. That is unacceptable. The dysfunctional relationship be-tween Congress and the Trump admin-istration has helped to bog down and complicate the fiscal 2017 budget proc-ess and has stymied the work of this Congress when it comes to passing leg-islation that will help our constitu-ents. A recent survey found that 48 percent of Americans now prefer increased gov-ernment spending in areas like healthcare, veterans care, education, and infrastructure—things that the people of my district, the Virgin Is-lands, desperately need, with a 15 per-cent unemployment rate and 33 percent of our children living in poverty. b1930 It is time for Congress to get back to work for the people that have put us here. I want to highlight three pieces of legislation that I have introduced that will help my constituents in the Virgin Islands in various ways. With a special counsel now having been appointed to look into the dis-tractions the White House has created, it is time that Congress focus on our job and proceed to hold hearings on these bills followed by a vote on the House floor, and, hopefully, these com-monsense bills will be signed into law by the President. Healthcare: President Trump and the Republican Congress are planning to cut more than $800 billion out of Med-icaid funding over 10 years while con-verting the program to a cap block grant to the States and territories and eliminating ACA’s Medicaid expansion. These provisions are in the American Health Care Act, the House GOP’s ObamaCare repeal bill. As a Member representing the Virgin Islands, I believe we need to get back to doing the work of the people, and that is working to pass laws that bet-ter the lives of our constituents. I introduced improving the treat-ment of the U.S. territories under the Federal healthcare program, which would eliminate existing inequities the territories face under Medicaid and Medicare. There are numerous bills that my other colleagues have intro-duced to assist their constituents and all Americans in areas of healthcare. We need to bring those bills to the floor and vote them up or vote them down. Veterans: There are few places in the United States with higher per capita rates of military service than the United States Virgin Islands. As a Member, I am committed to ensuring Virgin Islands veterans have full and equal access to health, housing, edu-cation, and employment benefits they have rightfully earned. Our constitu-ents have deployed to Afghanistan and Iraq more than 30,000 times since Sep-tember 11, and about 120,000 military veterans live in the territories, yet none are allowed to cast a ballot to choose their Commander in Chief. We need to remember that nearly 4 million Americans call Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa home, a combined population greater than 22 States. We represent those Americans in the U.S. House who can-not vote for their interests on the House floor. Our constituents are de-nied representation in the U.S. Senate and are barred from the general elec-tion for President and Vice President. When the Presidential vote was tab-ulated in 2016, it was as if 4 million Americans we represent do not exist. There is a time, however, when our people are counted—when the country goes to war. I have introduced H. Res. 91, which proposes an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States regard-ing Presidential elections, voting rights for residents of all United States territories and commonwealths. Education: We have to fix the edu-cation system. We have to give our young people better choices. We need to allow our children to be able to be educated in a place that is hospitable to learning. That does not occur right now in many places in the United States. The President’s budget cut would remove support to schools for in-frastructure, for afterschool programs, and for summer reading programs. We cannot continue with this if we want to have national security. Na-tional security is the security of our young people to be educated and to grow safely. That is not happening in the Virgin Islands or anyplace in the United States at this time. I recently introduced the United States Virgin Islands College Access Act of 2017, which will allow college students who are residents of the Vir-gin Islands to receive more reasonable tuition rates at participating 4-year in-stitutions of higher education. It is time for Congress to stop doing business as usual. With budget deci-sions impacting everything from na-tional security to infrastructure in-vestment, Congress needs to focus on doing its job and doing it with more than the next few months or current fiscal year in mind. Moving forward, we as Members of Congress need to make sure that we deal with our legislative and budgetary responsibilities with more thoughtfulness and foresight. Congressman D
WIGHT EVANS rep-resents the wonderful city of Philadel-phia and the people of Pennsylvania. He is a legislator of many years. Al-though he comes here as a freshman, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.049 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4419 May 22, 2017 
none of us consider him as a freshman having served in the legislature in Pennsylvania for more than 20 years. I would ask him to speak on the topic that the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour has introduced: What Do We Have to Lose: National Se-curity. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ). Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from the great Virgin Islands, and I really ap-preciate her leadership. I would like to thank my colleagues for bringing forward such an important topic for tonight’s Special Order hour. National security is an issue of utmost importance to all of us. The bottom line is this: If the Presi-dent thinks it is okay to share classi-fied information with our adversaries, we have a big problem. I will be reem-phasizing that point: If the President of the United States of America shared classified information with our en-emies, then the lives of the American people are at risk. Regardless of political party, if, in fact, President Trump did willingly share classified information with Rus-sia, then this further proves that the President does not understand the con-sequences of his actions. It proves that he doesn’t understand how much we stand to lose as a result of these ac-tions. The bigger question now that people are asking is: Do you think the Presi-dent is in so much trouble? It is clear from the news that the Russian investigation is the gift that keeps giving. But I want to be really, really clear with you. I did not vote for President Trump. I did not support him when he was running, and I fought hard to stop President Trump from becom-ing elected. If you want to know, I think the President is in trouble. I will tell you this. President Trump and his adminis-tration are not ready for prime time. The campaign is over. The President needs to focus on governing, and we have not seen him do that yet. He needs to learn how to govern. We know that the Comey firing has sent a potential signal of the Presi-dent’s collusion with Russia. For this reason, I called for the special pros-ecutor and the independent commis-sion so that the American people truly can know the Trump-Russia connec-tion. I am glad to see former FBI Director Bob Mueller named as special counsel to oversee the investigation, but we still need to make sure that Congress is able to conduct an independent in-vestigation into the Trump administra-tion’s ties to Russia and interference in the 2016 election. The American people deserve to know the facts. The Amer-ican people deserve to know the facts. I was in my district over the weekend in Lower Merion, and all anyone asked to talk about was Comey and Russia. They want answers, and they want to get to the bottom line of this. I want to, but what I want to do is to raise the dialogue on the issues that really matter here, the issues that we really have a lot to lose on. For exam-ple, last week, I hosted a briefing on middle neighborhoods. Middle neigh-borhoods are neighborhoods caught be-tween bust and boom. They are com-munities doing just well enough that our cities aren’t focusing our resources or attention on them. Of course, we need to get to the bot-tom line of collusion between Russia and the President. I want to, and we will get to the bottom line of this as the American people deserve the facts. At the same time, I want to make sure we are fighting for dialogue on the ways we can make a difference and make an impact on our communities in need. We need to find ways to tackle food insecurity, help our public schools, and expand access to capital and credit on every corner to build stronger neigh-borhoods block by block. This will not be easy. We need to work together. It is in our collective interest to ensure na-tional security is not a partisan issue. It should be a bipartisan issue. So I stand here in the well of this House, Madam Speaker, to indicate that I want to ensure that national se-curity is important. I hope, Madam Speaker, that the President also under-stands that it is important. Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, I thank the Congressman so much for his comments. I think it was very interesting that the gentleman was saying that the American people and people that he spoke with over the weekend want the truth. I think that is what we all here in Congress want. We want the facts. We want to hear specifically what has happened so that the people of the United States can make a decision about what happens next. I am not here to ask for impeach-ment or ask for any rash decision, but I am asking that the American people be able to see a transparent Congress and a transparent process that allows them to then speak to us as Members of Congress as to what they would like. Several months ago, almost 2 months now, several colleagues of mine and I wrote a letter to the Department of Justice, to the Acting Attorney Gen-eral, requesting that he institute a spe-cial counsel, a special prosecutor, in this matter. We are grateful that that has happened. But a special counsel cannot replace an independent, outside commission and vigorous congressional investigation. The appointment of a special counsel speaks to the urgency of investigating the Trump connection to Russia’s in-terference in our election and the grav-ity of the President’s abuse of power in trying to shut down the FBI Director; but the American people need to under-stand that, while a special counsel could bring charges against those indi-viduals who were, in fact, if the facts prove to be so, in collusion with the Russians, it cannot do anything to the President except bring a report to this Congress for this Congress to act on. This Congress needs to remember that we are a separate branch of gov-ernment than the White House. This Congress seems to be acting as if it is part of the White House, an extension of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, when, in fact, this Congress stands alone. We have a separate set of rules, a sep-arate power, and a separate responsi-bility than the President of the United States. As such, Madam Speaker, it is important that we demonstrate to the American people that we are acting that way. A special counsel within the Trump-controlled Justice Department cannot replace a truly independent, outside commission, because it is the commission which would then be able to make a decision about our Presi-dent. I say it is our President because we all respect the Office of the President, and we want the world to know that we respect and hold in reverence the indi-vidual who holds that and hold him ac-countable for that position that he holds. An independent, outside com-mission, as special counsel, Director Muller’s actions will still be subject to review and approval by the President Trump-appointed leadership of the Jus-tice Department. Congress must act to create an inde-pendent, outside commission that is completely free of the Trump adminis-tration’s meddling. A special counsel cannot be used as a pretext for Repub-licans to shut down investigations by Congress or hide the facts of the Presi-dent’s wrongdoing from the American people. Now, I have heard the Justice De-partment and others talk about this being a criminal investigation, that the special counsel is using it as a spe-cial criminal investigation. As a law-yer, as someone who has been a pros-ecutor, I understand that the burden of proof for criminal charges are much different than this Congress would hold for a President if it were to ask for im-peachment. So this Congress must not abdicate its responsibility because the work needs to be done. Jobs need to be cre-ated and infrastructure needs to be put in place so that commerce can be done in this country. Healthcare needs to be put in place for Americans. We cannot lose more Americans’ healthcare. We need to gain more Americans having healthcare. We need to settle the issues of immigration. Madam Speaker, never mind criminal justice reform. It seems that this Con-gress has completely forgotten that, in the last Congress, we agreed, both Re-publicans and Democrats, to reform criminal justice. We are seeing our young people die not from the Justice Department and not just from what is happening on the streets, and never mind what is happening in our criminal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.051 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4420 May 22, 2017 
justice system. I understand that a bill is going to be coming on the floor ask-ing for minimum mandatory sen-tencing for a slew of charges which will again increase the school-to-prison, cradle-to-death pipeline of prisons in this country. So these are the things that we as Congress need to be concerned with. The national security issues that our President has are things that we need to continue to look at. There is an old Washington cliche: personnel is policy. The same reflects the wisdom that any President’s agen-da depends on his political appointees to refine and implement that vision. Trump’s White House has failed first and most spectacularly in this require-ment. That failure may not even be the President’s failure at this time but the people he has put in place by both building a dysfunctional White House and National Security Council and by failing to staff his national security agencies with the appointees necessary to oversee and direct foreign policy. For now, the failures of Trump’s po-litical favorites with his new establish-ment professionals likely mean inco-herence on the national security front for some time, with the White House lurching from one crisis to the next, its actions and words disconnected from any broader doctrine. Bad personnel decisions have also dogged the Trump administration dur-ing its first 100 days. Michael Flynn and K.T. McFarland hardly did well in leading the NSC during their brief so-journs there. Low-level hires have also continued poor performance. b1945 The most obvious foreign policy fail-ures are that there is no policy, no doc-trine, no strategy that knits together Trump’s desired ends with the govern-ment’s ways and means. That should be of concern to my Republican col-leagues who want this Republican President to succeed. If you want him to succeed, you need to help him. The help needs to come in terms of the per-sonnel that he has put in place, in terms of the transparency, and as they said, cleaning the swamp, getting rid of the swamp, so that there can be those professionals and those above reproach in the White House carrying out the mission of this President. At the agency level, the Trump’s White House political appointments machine has been incredibly dysfunc-tional, reportedly because of fights be-tween the White House factions over personnel picks. This has starved the Pentagon, State Department, Justice Department, and other agencies of under secretaries, as-sistant secretaries, deputy assistant secretaries, special assistants who ac-tually are carrying out the President’s agenda. In the absence of an entire team, the uniformed military leadership and ca-reer civil servants of these agencies have carried on, but with significant friction given the personal disdain for these people during the campaign and afterwards. The personnel failures have worsened the second category of the failures, those of process. If there was per-sonnel, we also have process failures going on right now. The NSC was codified in 1947, along with the modern Defense Department, CIA, and Joint Chiefs of Staff to cor-rect perceived process failures during World War II. The big idea behind the National Security Act was to create a process that could withstand poor per-sonnel by ensuring the institution of the presidency was well served by its national security agencies and could, therefore, make better informed deci-sions. Despite its aspirations to run the White House like a fine-tuned machine, the administration has uniformly failed to implement processes to serve its agenda. Indeed, at times—an exam-ple being the 63-hour rush to strike Syria with cruise missiles or its an-nouncement of a tax plan before the de-tails were ironed out—the White House seems at war with the very idea of process, as if budgets, planning, and co-ordination were toxic features of the Washington swamp, to be rejected at all costs. The biggest process failures have been those that affected the entire gov-ernment. Trump’s failure to develop detailed budgets, let alone to agree with Congress on the funding levels and priorities, nearly led the country to the brink of a government shut-down. All indications point to the im-passe being settled, but the outcome will likely be a continuing resolution once again that punts all the major budget decisions and keeps agencies in limbo on major programs, including, if we are talking about national security, major weapons systems, acquisitions, spending on important training and ex-ercises, and outlays for servicemem-bers and military families. This is something that is going to cause all Americans to suffer, spectacularly in some cases. One of the President’s biggest cam-paign promises, the pledge to build a wall on America’s border with Mexico, has stalled for lack of funding, and pro-posals will likely remain stuck in the government contracts process for months, if not years. His immigration orders have been held unconstitutional because of errors that his Justice Department or Depart-ment of Homeland Security lawyers would have caught and corrected had they been there or had a chance. In some cases, the process failures have had deadlier consequences. Presi-dent Trump ordered a risky special op-erations raid on Yemen over a dinner meeting with his senior staff with scant process or coordination. The raid went badly, as military operations sometimes do. Instead of taking re-sponsibility, the White House blamed the military, both for the substantive failure on the ground and the faulty de-cision process that put the SEALS there. Disconnects between the White House, Department of Defense, and the U.S. Pacific Command resulted in a confusing saga regarding the move-ments of a U.S. aircraft carrier, result-ing in the dilution of any deterrent value that President Trump’s words might hold in Moscow or Beijing. The personnel and process failures contribute to policy failures across the national security chessboard. The most obvious Trump foreign policy failure is that there is no policy, no doctrine at this time. We deserve better in the Middle East, in Afghanistan, in China, in North Korea, but most importantly, here on the home front. We as Ameri-cans deserve a coherent, comprehen-sive process oriented as well as per-sonnel driven with career intelligence individuals at the helm and within the ranks of each one of these agencies be-cause we have a lot to lose. We have our young people to lose if we go into wars that have not been thought out and have not been process driven. Our young people deserve bet-ter. Our world deserves better because the world is looking to America to still be the ones—although we seem to be abdicating our responsibility, whether it be in war or in the other forms of di-plomacy that we engage in—to keep this a safe place. Famines that are going on in Sudan, in Yemen, and in other places, it is the American might, the might of our aid and our support to them, that keeps democracy alive, not just on the ground and in fact, but in the hearts and minds of those who yearn for it in other places. That is the national security that this America needs to be engaged in, and it is that kind of national security that this Congress needs to be con-cerned with. We need to get back. We have a week of bills that are dysfunc-tional in themselves that do not serve the best interests of the American peo-ple. This Congress needs to stop scut-tling legislation, scuttling bills that their colleagues are trying to put for-ward. Vote them up or vote them down. Let the American people know where you stand on every issue. We need to stop the voice votes that are going on in committees that allow Members to hide behind what their positions are with their constituents. I know it is not easy, but that is why we are all adults here. We want to put on our big girl pants and be the kind of people who can stand for what we believe. So let’s bring those bills forward. Let’s support the infrastructure jobs activity, as well as national security and support for the world abroad. That is what we have to lose if we do not hold this President, this White House, and all of his agencies and his Cabinet accountable for the work that they are doing. Madam Speaker, it appears that I do not have additional Members who would like to speak in this Special Order hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.053 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4421 May 22, 2017 
Madam Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 35 minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, protecting our national security should be among one of the top concerns of any administration—Republican or Democrat. Yet, President Trump has demonstrated an alarming disregard for the national security in-terests of the United States. There have been a number of incidents that I believe warrant additional scrutiny by Con-gress and the American people. Just last week, it was reported that President Trump re-vealed highly classified information to the Rus-sian foreign minister and ambassador during a White House meeting. In direct contravention of standing diplomatic agreements with our closest allies, President Trump also reportedly divulged the source of that highly classified in-formation. Not only did this blatant disregard for protocol damage our credibility among the international community, but President Trump may have very well also exposed extremely sensitive information about U.S. and allied in-telligence operations abroad. Earlier this month, President Trump also took a bold step in firing former FBI Director James Comey in the midst of an investigation into his administration and alleged ties to Rus-sian officials. Shortly after Director Comey was fired, an unnamed White House source re-vealed that President Trump told Russian offi-cials during the same meeting that he did so in order to ease some of the pressure from the Russia investigation. This is deeply alarm-ing, if not simply just ironic. During the Presidential election, House Speaker P
AUL RYAN criticized Hillary Clinton over her mishandling of classified emails on a private email server. He stated, ‘‘individuals who are ‘extremely careless’ with classified in-formation should be denied further access to such info.’’ Today, I have yet to hear Speaker R
YAN—or other key House Republicans— speak out against this blatant mishandling of classified information. It is hypocrisy in its purest form. Mr. Speaker, we cannot afford the unauthor-ized divulging of classified information and na-tional security secrets, especially to hostile na-tions such as Russia. I find it deeply troubling that a sitting president would display such a blatant disregard for the safeguarding of U.S. national security interests. I continue to join my colleagues in calling for an independent commission to investigate any possible collu-sion between the Trump Campaign and the Kremlin. 
f 
ARMED FORCES DAY AND MEMORIAL DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, be-fore I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BERGMAN. The topic of today’s Special Order is to recognize the im-portance of Armed Forces Day and Me-morial Day. I am not going to give a history les-son here tonight, but, rather, a series of personal remembrances that started when I was about 5 or 6 years old in the early 1950s. My father, a World War II veteran, and some of his fellow veterans orga-nized the local VFW in Minnesota where I was born. We would spend Me-morial Day in the morning visiting three cemeteries in our local town. At each cemetery, the color guard would post the colors, the rifles would give their report, and taps would play. Everyone who attended—and when I say everyone who attended, that was really the whole town—came out in a long train of automobiles to go to these three cemeteries to honor the veterans who were no longer of this Earth. I remember the solemnness of that day. I remember the tears for family members and friends who had passed on, those who had worn the cloth of our Nation both in peace and in war. Those kinds of memories, as I stand here and talk tonight, are very vivid in my mind. Some years later, in the mid-1960s, we were involved in Vietnam, and I was a sophomore in college. Because of the fact that my parents had both stepped up during World War II, I felt—and with their support—it was the right thing to stand up and take the oath that sent me into the Marine Corps to serve our country. When you go into harm’s way, you don’t know what the outcome is going to be, but you do know that those you serve with are going to give it their all and you are going to remember them and honor them for as long as we walk this Earth. I was very fortunate to have abso-lutely spectacular commanding officers along the way that taught me what it was like to be a young leader and what it meant to take care of your ma-rines—most notably my commanding officer in Vietnam, who, thankfully, is still with us. He was the kind of indi-vidual that made the tough calls be-cause he understood the sacrifices needed and the outcomes that were re-quired. One by one, we all pass. Memorial Day is our opportunity to remember, share stories, share tears, share laugh-ter for those who have now gone on into God’s hands. The past and the present set the tone for the future. As David French said: Sacrifice sustains our Nation far beyond the battlefield. As iron sharpens iron, so one man sharpens another in times of stress. In times when we are under great duress, that ability to sharpen not each other’s bodies but each other’s souls carries us on. We remember on Memorial Day those who have made that effort. In the Marine Corps, we believe a lot of things, but three words encompass them all: honor, courage, and commit-ment. Tonight we honor those who fought for our country, who made the ulti-mate sacrifice and gave their lives in the service of our country, and those who have passed on since their service. It is our job to make sure that their sacrifice wasn’t in vain. Courage: there is moral courage and there is physical courage. You never know until the time comes whether you have the physical courage, but you do find out. It is the moral courage that we know from the beginning, and it is set by our predecessors that sets our attitude and our mindset in stone that we know that we have that. And when it is tested, we are ready. b2000 Commitment: Our commitment is al-ways to the mission and to one an-other. We never leave anyone behind. Never. No one is more invested in peace than our men and women in uniform. They take the risks. They make the sacrifices, and they bear the cost of the battle in full force. Those rows of white headstones across the bridge in Arling-ton remind us of their commitment every day, and for that we owe them more than gratitude. We owe them every effort to keep our world at peace. On Memorial Day in 1982, President Reagan said: ‘‘War will not come again, other young men will not have to die, if we will speak honestly of the dangers that confront us and remain strong enough to meet those dangers. ‘‘It’s not just strength or courage that we need, but understanding and a measure of wisdom as well.’’ We owe it to our men and women who have fought and died for our country to take a stand, to prepare for peace not by ignoring the dangers we face and placating the enemies of freedom but by facing them head on. Madam Speaker, I am honored to yield to my fellow Members who will be presenting and speaking tonight. I yield to the distinguished gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I, too, am honored to join my colleagues here tonight to recognize the bravery and the sacrifice of those who serve in our military. I also want to thank General Bergman for his years of dedicated service and for his leadership tonight. While May is Military Appreciation Month, it is important that every month we continue to recognize those who are fighting and still putting their lives on the line each and every day. Since the founding of our country, there have always been brave men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.055 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4422 May 22, 2017 
women who understood what it takes to protect our freedom and our way of life. They are patriots who represent the very best of America. I am especially grateful to the mem-bers of my family who served. My fa-ther, James, served in the Army during World War II; and my two brothers, Rick in the Navy and Reg in the Ma-rines, served during Vietnam. Like many of us, I recall seeing my older brothers go off to war in Vietnam, and I vividly remember the difference be-tween the Blue Star and, tragically, Gold Star families during that conflict. Throughout our Nation’s history, we have paid a heavy price for freedom. It has not been easy. One week from today, we will remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. On Memorial Day, we remem-ber those who gave their lives in the service of these United States. Our fall-en soldiers were born in different gen-erations, fought in different wars, faced unique challenges, but they are all part of the fabric and history of this great land, America. Through their service and selfless-ness, our Nation’s sons and daughters have kept our country strong and free. Thank you to the fallen. Thank you to the veterans and those currently serv-ing here and abroad. God bless Amer-ica. Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, it is our job not just to remember but to carry the torch of freedom forward so that the sacrifices of our brothers and sisters have not and will not be in vain. Oliver Wendell Holmes said: ‘‘But grief is not the end of all. . . . Our dead brothers still live for us, and bid us think of life, not death—of life to which in their youth they lent the pas-sion and joy of the spring.’’ I would strongly encourage all, all of our American citizens, next Monday, May 29, the official observance of this year’s Memorial Day, to take your families to a local cemetery, walk around, look at those headstones and those gravestones, explain to your chil-dren and your grandchildren, and any-one else who may have questions, the meaning and the significance of the many flags that fly next to those headstones. Those folks, those comrades, sac-rificed it all so we can be here today. It is up to us to honor them, to remember them, and to carry on to ensure that the challenges we face as a country will be defended against and protected because of our willingness to sacrifice for the United States of America. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. N
EWHOUSE (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week on account of a death in the family. Ms. E
STYof Connecticut (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1398. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing four officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); ; to the Committee on Armed Services. 1399. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s 2016 Merger Decisions Re-port, pursuant to Sec. 18(c)(9) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 1400. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Health Resources and Services Admin-istration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 340B Drug Pricing Program Ceil-ing Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Penalties Regulation (RIN: 0906-AA89) re-ceived May 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1401. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; El Paso Carbon Monoxide Lim-ited Maintenance Plan [EPA-R06-OAR-2016- 0550; FRL-9962-20-Region 6] received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1402. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Volatile Organic Com-pounds Rule Revision and Stage II Vapor Re-covery [EPA-R06-OAR-2013-0167; FRL-9962-21- Region 6] received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1403. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Compliance Date Ex-tension; Formaldehyde Emission Standards for Composite Wood Products [EPA-HQ- OPPT-2017-0244; FRL-9962-86] (RIN: 2070- AK35) received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1404. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Designations for the 2012 Primary Annual Fine Particle (PM2.5) National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) for Areas in Tennessee [EPA-HQ-OAR-2012-0918; FRL-9962-89-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT44) received May 19, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1405. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pesticides; Certification of Pesticide Applicators Rule; Delay of Effec-tive Date [EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0183; FRL-9962- 94] received May 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1406. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a periodic report prepared by the Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security on the national emergency declared by Executive Order 13222 of August 17, 2001 and continued, caused by the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979 for August 26, 2016 to February 25, 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627) and 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1407. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a deter-mination and certification to waive for a pe-riod of six months the restrictions of section 1003 of Public Law 100-204; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1408. A letter from the Director, Office of Financial Management, United States Cap-itol Police, transmitting the Statement of Disbursements for the United States Capitol Police for the period of October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1910(a); Public Law 109-55, Sec. 1005; (119 Stat. 575) (H. Doc. No. 115—43); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 1409. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; Advancing Care Coordination Through Episode Pay-ment Models (EPMs); Cardiac Rehabilitation Incentive Payment Model; and Changes to the Comprehensive Care for Joint Replace-ment Model (CJR); Delay of Effective Date [CMS-5519-F3] (RIN: 0938-AS90) received May 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1973. A bill to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–136, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1761. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the know-ing consent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–137). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MY7.057 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4423 May 22, 2017 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 695. A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–138). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1862. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–139). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1842. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of violence as grounds for an enhanced pen-alty when sex offenders fail to register or re-port certain information as required by Fed-eral law, to include prior military offenses for purposes of recidivist sentencing provi-sions, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–140). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 883. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certifi-cation process for the issuance of nondisclo-sure requirements accompanying certain ad-ministrative subpoenas, to provide for judi-cial review of such nondisclosure require-ments, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–141). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1188. A bill to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–142). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1370. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to issue Depart-ment of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–143, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1545. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to disclose certain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 144). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 348. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 953) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congres-sional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–145). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1370 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1973 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, and Mr. M CCAUL): H.R. 2581. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of re-ceiving the health insurance premium tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 2582. A bill to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are avail-able for disposal under the Pony Express Re-source Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C RIST, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 2583. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a Community Resilience Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R
EICHERT , and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H.R. 2584. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ONYERS , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 2585. A bill to reduce risks to the fi-nancial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky activities and lim-iting conflicts of interest, to reinstate cer-tain Glass-Steagall Act protections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 2586. A bill to require an independent assessment and report of subversive activi-ties of the Russian Federation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. L
YNCH ): H.R. 2587. A bill to provide for the coverage of medically necessary food and vitamins for digestive and inherited metabolic disorders under Federal health programs and private health insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. PERRY , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 2588. A bill to amend the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to codify the prohibition on the acquisition of ‘‘about’’ communications under section 702 of such Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. T IP-
TON, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K IND, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. H ECK, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T UR-
NER, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H ILL, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. T HOM-
ASJ. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. F LORES , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER ): H.R. 2589. A bill to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for in-dividuals disabled by Huntington’s disease; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. T
ITUS, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas): H.R. 2590. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to carry out a program to in-crease access to prekindergarten through grade 12 computer science education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 2591. A bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to mod-ernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2592. A bill to amend the definitions relating to HUBZones in the Small Business Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C OOK, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. H IMES, Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.013 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4424 May 22, 2017 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OLE, Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. B OST, Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. H
ILL, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana): H. Con. Res. 59. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the 75th anniversary of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Mr. C
UL-
BERSON , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H. Res. 349. A resolution calling for the global repeal of blasphemy, heresy, and apos-tasy laws; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. HARPER: H. Res. 350. A resolution permitting official photographs of the House of Representatives to be taken while the House is in actual ses-sion on a date designated by the Speaker; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
42. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Florida, relative to Senate Resolution No. 574, opposing United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and requesting its repeal of fundamental alteration; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 43. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 15, requesting Con-gress to fully support the National Park Service’s recommendations to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail to include additional sites along the Expedi-tion’s Eastern Legacy; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 44. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Con-current Resolution No. 30, memorializing the Congress of the United States to create a re-liable, predictable stream of resources to ad-dress deferred maintenance needs in the America’s National Park System; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 45. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 26, urging Congress and NASA to name the NASA IV & V Facil-ity at Fairmont for West Virginia mathe-matician Katherine Coleman Johnson; which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 46. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Florida, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 1184, condemning the international Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions move-ment against the State of Israel and calls upon the governmental institutions of this state to denounce hatred and discrimination whenever they appear; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. 47. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Reso-lution No. 44, recognizing Wednesday, April 26, 2017, as the fifth annual Liquefied Natural Gas Day at the state capitol and express sup-port of the Louisiana Energy Export Asso-ciation, LNG exports, and the streamlining and expedition of permit approval for pend-ing export facilities; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 2581. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 2582. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 2583. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the United States Constitution By Mr. HURD: H.R. 2584. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’’ By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 2585. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 2586. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 2587. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 2588. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 2589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 2590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress shall have power. . . To reg-ulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes; . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 2591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. B UCK. H.R. 48: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 52: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 106: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 113: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 179: Ms. M
OORE and Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois. H.R. 299: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. R EED. H.R. 324: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 350: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 358: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 398: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 457: Mr. P
ETERS and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 467: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 468: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H.R. 484: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 490: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 535: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 566: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 586: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 608: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 620: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 681: Mr. D
UNNand Mr. B UDD. H.R. 695: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 719: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 721: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 747: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 750: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 754: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 757: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 807: Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 820: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. R OSS, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 825: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 838: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 839: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 840: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 848: Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 850: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 871: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 880: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. B ARR. H.R. 883: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 909: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 919: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 953: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 972: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 975: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 982: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 993: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1005: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1017: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1078: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1089: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MY7.100 H22MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4425 May 22, 2017 
H.R. 1090: Mr. T URNER . H.R. 1148: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 1155: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1156: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 1164: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1171: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C RIST, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C LAY, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1179: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1188: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1200: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 1223: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 1231: Mr. B
ARTON and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 1247: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M
EEKS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L EE, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1253: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1267: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1299: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 1300: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1310: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 1318: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 1339: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1361: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1370: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 1393: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1405: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1409: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 1413: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 1421: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1422: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 1454: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1456: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 1485: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1544: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1560: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1563: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 1584: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1599: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina and Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1600: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1615: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1625: Mr. P
AULSEN , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1626: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1639: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1645: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1651: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1663: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1676: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 1681: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1692: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1697: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1698: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. W OMACK , and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 1761: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1762: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1810: Mr. K
IHUEN and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 1826: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1836: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 1042: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1844: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1862: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1924: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1926: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1928: Mr. M
AST, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1940: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1953: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1955: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 1960: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1968: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1969: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1973: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. M ESSER , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 1988: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2028: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2038: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2052: Mr. R
USH, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. C ON-
AWAY . H.R. 2063: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2106: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2108: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2124: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2141: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2200: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2206: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2215: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 2244: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2248: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2268: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 2272: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2276: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 2317: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2318: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2319: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 2326: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 2353: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, H.R. 2354: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 2358: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. P
EARCE , H.R. 2372: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. F LORES , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. N UNES , and Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS . H.R. 2386: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 2392: Mr, G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2428: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 2431: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2435: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2440: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2452: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2466: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2475: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 2477: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2482: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. C OOK, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida. H.R. 2499: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2501: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 2506: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 2508: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 2510: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 2519: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. P EARCE , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. E MMER , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. K ATKO , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 2539: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2547: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2564: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. K
APTUR . H. Con. Res. 27: Mr. H
ECK. H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. B
ACON . H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. E
VANS . H. Con. Res. 47: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Con. Res. 54: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 15: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 31: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 220: Mr. G
ARRETT and Mr. T EDLIEU of California. H. Res. 256: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah. H. Res. 276: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. R
OSKAM . H. Res. 304: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 325: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 330: Mr. P
ALMER . H. Res. 335: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H. Res. 344: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 346: Ms. G
ABBARD . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative E
STY(CT) or a designee, to H.R. 953 the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
46. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the town of Buckland, MA, relative to Arti-cle 27, calling upon the Massachusetts Legis-lature and the United States Congress to im-plement Carbon Fee and Dividend, placing a steadily rising fee on carbon-based fuels, and returning all fees collected, minus adminis-trative costs, to households; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY7.020 H22MYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3051 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 22, 2017 No. 88 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, our hearts rise up to meet You as the day rises to meet the Sun. Humble our lawmakers in Your presence that they may delight in the power You provide. Help them to re-member that before honor comes hu-mility. Give them also the wisdom to know that their sufficiency comes from You. Lord, teach them Your wisdom as You infuse them with the spirit of rev-erence for You. May they make the commitment to faithfully serve You and country with their whole hearts. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Branstad nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, since last week’s all-Senators briefing with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein, some of my friends on the other side of the aisle have alleged that his appointment of a special counsel im-pedes the congressional investigation into Russian interference in our elec-tions and whether the Trump campaign was involved. Nothing could be further from the truth. The executive branch investigation under the special counsel looks at criminal wrongdoing. The congres-sional investigation takes a broader approach. The two can proceed on par-allel tracks, as has happened many times in the past. If anything the con-gressional investigation is doing poten-tially interferes with the special coun-sel’s activities, the two parties will dis-cuss it. It is a process called deconfliction. They know how to do it. They have done it before. There is no reason whatsoever for the congres-sional investigation to slow down or stop. Mr. Mueller’s appointment as special counsel in no way diminishes the need for Congress to play an active role in helping to get to the bottom of all the recent events. Let me repeat. This is our solemn constitutional duty, the very bedrock of the separation of pow-ers and coequal branches of govern-ment designed by our Founding Fa-thers to preserve something we all cherish: American liberty and Amer-ican democracy. Let me outline three things that should happen. First, Intelligence Committee Chair BURR and Ranking Member W ARNER  should continue to pursue their com-mittee’s investigation into these mat-ters with just as much vigor. That in-vestigation has been proceeding in a bi-partisan way, and it absolutely should continue as such. For example, my friends Senators B
URR and W ARNER  have recently requested financial records of key Trump campaign offi-cials from the Treasury Department. They should be given that information and continue to pursue whatever other avenues they view as helpful to the committee’s investigation. Second, Mr. Comey should testify in both the Judiciary and the Intelligence Committees to discuss the events sur-rounding his dismissal. The commit-tees should be given access to memos he reportedly drafted following inter-actions with President Trump, and Congress should also be provided any transcripts or tapes the White House might have of Mr. Comey’s conversa-tions with President Trump. Third, the Intelligence Committee must be provided the details of tran-scripts relating to President Trump’s reported disclosure of information to the Russian Foreign Minister and Am-bassador. There is a great deal of dis-pute about what was said at that meet-ing. The committee should have access to both Mr. Comey’s notes and the White House’s notes. Finally, the Senate must demand the next FBI Director be nonpartisan, inde-pendent, fearless, and of unimpeach-able integrity, just as Mr. Mueller is. A career politician of either party or any-one who suggests a lack of impartiality should not be considered a fit choice for that office. Every one of these, by the way, deals with congressional over-sight—some directly, like the appoint-ment of an FBI Director; some a little 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.000 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3052 May 22, 2017 
more indirectly, such as figuring out what exactly was said in the room with the Russian Foreign Minister and Am-bassador, but all of it is clearly within what the Constitution requires and the Founding Fathers wanted Congress to be. So the congressional committees have really an obligation to our democ-racy to continue their role. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, on another matter— healthcare. Today, the Trump adminis-tration delayed for another 90 days their decision on whether to defend the administration’s position in a lawsuit filed by the House Republicans about the cost-sharing payments in the Af-fordable Care Act. It is a decision that greatly increases the uncertainty in our healthcare system. The cost-sharing program keeps healthcare costs low for working Amer-icans and helps insurers stay in the marketplace, giving Americans more choices. It keeps the average person’s premiums down, keeps their deductibles low. It makes it a lot easier for many working Americans to afford healthcare. That was its purpose, and it is succeeding in its purpose, but by continuing to sow uncertainty about this program, both by refusing to de-fend the lawsuit and by making out-right threats to end it, the Trump ad-ministration has already caused insur-ers to flee the marketplace or propose rate increases for the next year. Let me repeat. Right now, the Trump ad-ministration’s actions are sowing great uncertainty that causes insurers to pull out of States and increase their costs, making it more likely that working Americans won’t be able to af-ford coverage next year. A spokesperson for America’s Health Insurance Plans, AHIP, the industry’s main trade group, said the following, and this is their quote, not mine: 
We need swift action and long-term cer-tainty on [the cost-sharing program]. It is the single most destabilizing factor in the in-dividual market, and millions of Americans could soon feel the impact of fewer choices, higher costs and reduced access to care. 
The insurance industry itself is say-ing that the No. 1 thing that could be done to keep costs down, to keep other insurers in the marketplace, is to make permanent cost sharing. President Trump’s attempt to blame what is happening on ObamaCare is to-tally contradicted by what the health insurance plans say when it comes to cost sharing. So refusing to guarantee the cost-sharing payments is sabotage, plain and simple, and the Trump ad-ministration knows it. The administration made the last cost-sharing payment but refuses to say they will continue to make them permanently. They know they will get blamed for the chaos that would ensue should they end these payments. They are afraid to do that. But they also want to threaten the stability of the healthcare system in order to get Democrats to work with them on their healthcare bill. So what they tried to do is have their cake and eat it too. They said: We are going to delay the lawsuit, but we are still going to have that uncertainty that hurts Americans out there. That is profoundly irrespon-sible. Threatening to defund healthcare in order to win political leverage is hos-tage-taking at its very worst because it holds hostage millions of innocent Americans who very much need healthcare costs to be lower and afford-able. It is already causing massive un-certainty. It will only get worse if the administration continues to kick the can down the road 3 months at a time. There is one very simple solution: In-stead of delaying the decision every 3 months, the White House ought to step up to the plate and say once and for all that they will make those payments permanently—payments which help millions of Americans pay less for their healthcare, payments which the insur-ance industry itself says would help stabilize markets and help people gain healthcare. THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Next, Mr. President, on the budget, the President of the United States will release his budget for 2018 this week. It could come as early as tomorrow. All indications are that it will be similar to his skinny budget from earlier this year. I want to remind everyone here in the Senate what a disaster that budget would be if it were ever imple-mented by Congress. The President told the American peo-ple he would help create jobs and pro-vide greater economic security for fam-ilies. This budget does exactly the op-posite. It is not a jobs budget. It is not an economic security budget. It is a budget that takes a meat cleaver to the middle class by gutting programs that help them the most, including many that create jobs and power the economy. Transportation is cut. Edu-cation is cut. Programs that promote scientific and medical research are cut. Programs that protect clean air and clean water are cut. All of these pro-grams are favored by the American people. They have been favored by a vast majority of my Republican friends across the aisle. But the President’s budget is an outlier, way out there. It fits with Mr. Mulvaney’s beliefs, but he was an outlier in the Congress when he called for the government to be shut down and when he wanted to have the government play so little a role in helping the middle class. That is harm-ful to America. Here is another one that really is worrisome: Recent reports say that the President’s budget will target Medicaid for significant cuts—as large or larger than the $880 billion the House Repub-licans would cut in their TrumpCare bill. This would pull the rug out from so many Americans who need help— those suffering from opioid and heroin addiction, people in nursing homes and their families who care for them, the elderly, the disabled, and children. Medicaid has become a middle-class program. Opioid addiction. What about a 40- or 50-year-old couple who is trying to raise their kids, saving for college, and has a parent who needs to be in a nursing home. Right now, Medicaid pays for it. What are they going to do when that is cut? They have two choices: Shell a huge amount of money out of their own pockets, which they can’t afford, or maybe bring mom or dad back home, where there may be no room for them. What a horrible choice. What a horrible choice. Well, that is what the President is proposing to do when he dramatically slashes Med-icaid. I will repeat. Medicaid helps the very poor, but it also helps the middle class, and the majority of its money now seems to go to the middle class. I be-lieve something like 60 percent goes to nursing homes or some high percentage like that. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that a cut to Medicaid of this size would deprive roughly 10 million Americans of Medicaid benefits over the next decade. Medicaid has always benefited the poor, and that is a good thing, but I remind my colleagues that it has increasingly become a middle- class program. Here is where it goes: Medicaid provides benefits for 60 per-cent of Americans in nursing homes. Listen to this, Mr. President and my colleagues: Medicaid helps 1.75 million veterans—1 in 10. It provides services for Americans struggling with opioid addiction, which is a problem that af-fects so many. If the reporting is accurate, these cuts to Medicaid that are in the Presi-dent’s budget carry a staggering human cost. Once again, Donald Trump is breaking his promise to the working people of America. We have seen promise after promise broken as if they did not even matter. What he said in the campaign and what he governs as has almost no overlap in so many areas. Here is what Candidate Trump said when he campaigned: ‘‘I’m not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.’’ He promised he would help take care of those suffering from opioid addiction. If he cuts Medicaid, he is breaking that promise—boom—right in half. Candidate Trump campaigned as a populist and said he wanted to help the working people, but since he has taken office, he has governed like a hard- right conservative, pushing policies that help the uber-wealthy at the ex-pense of the middle class. TrumpCare and the budget the President will be proposing tomorrow says one thing and does another. Many of my Republican friends come from States that have significantly ex-panded their Medicaid Programs over the past few years, insuring hundreds of thousands, sometimes millions of their constituents. Based on what we know about this budget, the good news—the only good news—is that it is likely to be roundly rejected by Members of both parties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.001 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3053 May 22, 2017 
here in the Senate, just as the last budget was. Democrats and Repub-licans, on the 2017 budget, virtually ig-nored the President and his proposal. We got together, and we compromised. Not everyone got everything they wanted, but we produced a budget that America can be proud of and one that helps the middle class. We have shown Democrats and Re-publicans, the House and Senate, can come together to compromise on ap-propriations in 2017. We should follow that same blueprint in 2018. We should ignore the President’s budget which would devastate the middle class and instead work across the aisle to ad-vance reasonable compromise legisla-tion later this year. I yield the floor to my good friend from Texas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came to the floor during the last part of the remarks of the distinguished Demo-cratic leader, and it just reminded me of a headline I saw in this morning’s newspaper that just, to me, exemplifies how dishonest, sometimes, the way questions are framed here when it comes to dealing with our financial re-sponsibilities. The headline in the Washington Post talked about Presi-dent Trump’s proposal slashing Med-icaid, like the Democrats have criti-cized the House healthcare replace-ment bill slashing Medicaid even though, as a factual matter, Medicaid would continue to grow year after year after year. As the distinguished Presiding Offi-cer and I have previously discussed, one question is, What is a responsible rate of Consumer Price Index or infla-tion to deal with medical inflation so that when we return Medicaid to the States, spending at let’s say 2016 levels, what is a responsible rate of continued growth to deal with medical inflation so that the States are not left with an unsustainable burden? But the idea that spending at current levels, plus an additional cost-of-living index year after year after year, means that Medicaid spending won’t go up every year—next year it will be more than this year. The following year it will be more than next year. So only in the fevered imagination of, apparently, the headline writers at the Washington Post and in some of our Democratic friends could that be considered a cut. In the rest of the country, they would consider that as Medicaid growing, not being cut. It is true that one of the things the House did that I think is an important reform of one of our principle entitle-ment provisions was to put some sort of sustainable cap on the growth of spending on entitlements, which perviously had been uncapped. Some day there is going to be a day of reckoning in this country when it comes to spending. We have $20 trillion in debt. We know now that the Federal Reserve is loosening its hold on inter-est rates, that those are creeping up, and one of the estimates is that if in-terest rates due to improved economic performance were to reach historic norms, we would soon be paying more for interest on the national debt than we would be paying for defense spend-ing. That is simply unsustainable, not to mention the fact that we would then be essentially appropriating 30 percent of what the Federal Government spends and leaving 70 percent un-touched. We can’t get the country on a sus-tainable financial path just dealing with 30 percent of what the Federal Government spends, and we need to have a serious conversation, not a mis-leading characterization of the prob-lem. We need a serious conversation about the reality facing our country and future generations because right now we are spending their inheritance, so to speak. In other words, I consider it an act of immorality for me to be spending money and forcing my chil-dren and future generations to pay it back. That is just not fair to them, and we need to come to grips with that sooner rather than later. 
NORTH AMERICAN FREE TRADE AGREEMENT  
Mr. President, on another note, last week, the administration sent official notice to Congress of its intent to re-negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA. It was a big part of President Trump’s cam-paign platform that the United States needed smarter, fairer trade deals that benefit more Americans. I certainly agree with that principle. I do think, in some quarters, NAFTA has been unfairly maligned. But it is true that it is 23 years old, and it needs to be modernized. I think all of us can rally around that, consistent with the principle in President Trump’s cam-paign that America needs smarter, fairer trade deals that benefit more Americans. Free trade has, after all, been a boon to the American economy—and cer-tainly the Texas economy because we are the No. 1 exporting State in the Na-tion. Our farmers, ranchers, and small business owners have benefited from trade agreements, particularly NAFTA, that help them send more of the products they raise, grow, and build to more markets around the world, principally to Canada and Mex-ico; but certainly, other trade agree-ments allow those manufactured goods, stock raised, and produce grown to go to markets around the world. We comprise in America about 5 per-cent of the potential markets in the world, so 95 percent is the rest of the world and a market to buy the things we make and grow and raise here. Why not help create more jobs and a strong-er economy here at home by encour-aging that kind of free and fair trade? There has been significant growth in exports since NAFTA was agreed to 23 years ago. Of course, Mexico continues to be an important economic partner, helping my State, Texas, grow and spe-cifically creating a vibrant ecosystem along the border, but the rest of the country benefits too. The national Chamber of Commerce estimates that there are 5 million American jobs as a result of binational trade with Mexico. With Canada, it is about 8 million. Why in the world would we want to do anything to jeop-ardize that? I suggest we don’t. Free trade doesn’t just mean more opportunities for our agricultural sec-tor or business owners, but it also helps American families buy more affordable products here at home, too, and that is why we need to make sure that any changes to NAFTA are improvements to the overall agreement. I was encouraged just this last week when Ambassador Lighthizer, the U.S. Trade Representative, and Secretary of Commerce Ross met with members of the Senate Finance Committee. Essen-tially, what they said is that their first principle, when it comes to renegoti-ating NAFTA, is to do no harm. That is a pretty good rule of thumb. In fact, it reminds me of the Hippocratic Oath that doctors take when treating pa-tients: First, do no harm. Well, I be-lieve that is a good place to start. Over the last two decades under this agreement, the economy in my State of Texas—which has been the engine that has been pulling the national economy in many respects—has grown signifi-cantly because of the tremendous ac-cess afforded by trade. We have to be careful not to do any harm to that and to look for ways to improve it. There is no denying that this agree-ment is an old one created well before the digital and global economy of today. It was written before the energy renaissance in North America oc-curred, whereby instead of peak energy production—which is what we thought we had reached—we now have so much natural gas and oil that we export it to the world. That is great for jobs here at home. It is great to be able to do that for our allies around the world who need a dependable, alternative supply of energy in many respects, rather than being the victims of energy being used as a weapon against them. So the energy renaissance is another good rea-son that updating NAFTA makes sense. I look forward to working with the President and his team to take great care that any efforts to modernize NAFTA don’t sacrifice the benefits we have enjoyed for the last two decades. Hopefully, we can modernize it in a way that will allow more Americans to take advantage of it, and our economy will continue to grow and prosper as a result. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, on another matter, as we all know, this Chamber continues to consider the best way forward to repeal and replace ObamaCare. The entire Re-publican Conference, all 52 of us, have been meeting regularly in small groups and larger groups so we can finally put ObamaCare behind us. I have to say it is a shame that none of our Democratic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.003 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3054 May 22, 2017 
colleagues appear willing to lift a fin-ger to help us do that, even though they know that ObamaCare is in melt-down mode. We have promised multiple times, at least in the last three elections, to do away with this disaster of a healthcare law so that American families can get the healthcare they need at a price they can afford. This isn’t just a talk-ing point. This is our goal. This is our objective. When I said that ObamaCare has been a failure, I am reminded of a letter written to me by one of my constitu-ents from the Dallas-Fort Worth area. This gentleman is a small business owner. Since the implementation of ObamaCare, he has had to change his insurance each year, and every time, his rates have increased. He estimates they had gone up from roughly $350 a month now to $800 a month, not to mention his out-of-pocket costs. They have skyrocketed from $3,500 to $14,000. That is not affordable healthcare. At that price, I can’t imagine it does him much good at all, particularly when you couple those high premiums with higher deductibles, in many instances $6,000 or more for the deductible alone. So even though you are paying pre-miums for insurance and those pre-miums are going up every year, you still have such a high deductible that it effectively makes you self-insured, and you don’t benefit from the insurance you actually have. The first time this gentleman was forced to change his healthcare plan was because his insurance carrier com-pletely pulled out of the marketplace, and that is something we are hearing across the country. It is not just a Texas phenomenon. I imagine there are similar stories in States like Indiana, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Missouri, Michigan, and Montana, just to men-tion a few. It is simply proof that the ObamaCare experiment is a failure, and the government-mandated, one-size- fits-all approach to healthcare doesn’t work very well. The next year, this same gentleman went with a different insurance com-pany, but they canceled the plan he was already on. Then that insurance company pulled all individual healthcare plans from the State, so he had to find another health insurance plan. That is not where the bad news ends. The doctor he has had for 20 years didn’t accept the new health insurance plan, so instead of finding a new doc-tor, which he didn’t want to do, he is now paying out of pocket so that he can keep the doctor he wants. Remember what President Obama said countless times: If you like your plan, you can keep it. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. He said that a family of four would find, on average, a savings of $2,500 a year in their health insurance premiums. None of that has proved to be true. This is an experiment that has ended in failure. It didn’t turn out to be the case for this constituent of mine; each time his plan changed, he saw a price increase and a coverage decrease. Even if Hillary Clinton had been elected President of the United States, we would still need to revisit the fail-ures of ObamaCare because the situa-tion is simply not sustainable for roughly about 11 million people—about 6 percent of the people who get their insurance in the individual market. In spite of knowing that many of their constituents are being hurt by the failures of ObamaCare, our Demo-cratic colleagues—even though they know it—refuse to do anything about it. Again, we invite them to work with us, not for our benefit but for the ben-efit of the people they represent. This is not making life any easier for my constituents in Texas, and I am confident that is the case for people across the country. That is why our ef-forts to replace ObamaCare are so im-portant, and that is why we will keep fighting to get it done because families across the country need access to qual-ity healthcare they can afford that is not chosen for them but is what they choose because it suits their needs. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that all quorum calls until 5:30 p.m. today be equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last week, we confirmed two well-qualified nominees, Jeffrey Rosen as Deputy Secretary of Transportation and Ra-chel Brand as Associate Attorney Gen-eral, and today we will have an oppor-tunity to confirm another excellent nominee, Gov. Terry Branstad to be U.S. Ambassador to China. While I am pleased the Senate is working to fill these important posi-tions, it has been disappointing to see so much pointless obstruction by our friends across the aisle. They have con-tinuously forced procedural hurdles on nominees for no other reason than to stall confirmations, launching more filibusters against this President’s Cab-inet than any other in history. They have done so not to change the result but simply to eat up floor time that could be used for legislation to help our constituents. Take the floor vote they forced last week on the Branstad nomination. The Senate voted overwhelmingly, 86 to 12, on that motion, proving once again that our Democratic colleagues’ tactics have little to do with the nominees themselves but are just delaying for delay’s sake. It is really past time to stop the games. Once confirmed as Ambassador to China, Governor Branstad will be tasked with a portfolio that is impor-tant not only for our diplomatic rela-tionship with China but also for our trade policies with that country. He has earned the support of Senators on both sides of the aisle and was reported out of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee by a voice vote. Having served as the Governor of Iowa for more than two decades, Branstad has developed a strong under-standing of agriculture, trade, and other key national interests. His expe-rience on these issues will guide him as he works to strengthen our relation-ship with China and pursue trade poli-cies that can benefit American workers and businesses. I look forward to con-firming him as our Nation’s next Am-bassador to China so he can get started on the important tasks before him. NOMINATION OF JOHN SULLIVAN  
Mr. President, after we confirm Gov-ernor Branstad, we will vote to ad-vance another well-qualified nominee to serve as our Nation’s Deputy Sec-retary of State, John J. Sullivan. It is both a critical and challenging role, but Mr. Sullivan’s extensive back-ground has prepared him for the task ahead. Through the years, he has worked at the Defense Department and the Justice Department. He also served as the Deputy Secretary of Commerce. I am confident that his experience will serve him well as he works as a key ad-viser to Secretary Tillerson and helps lead our Nation in addressing the range of security issues we face. We look for-ward to confirming him soon. Having these key officials in place at the State Department is of great im-portance as we work with the adminis-tration on shaping our foreign policy and strengthening our posture in the international community. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S INTERNATIONAL TRIP  
As we know, the President is cur-rently traveling on his first inter-national trip as our Commander in Chief. The trip provides the President with an important opportunity to en-gage with key allies, discuss our shared interests, and continue conversations on issues where we can work together in the future. So we wish the President and the First Lady both a successful trip and safe travels as they return to the United States later this week. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that all quorum calls until 5:30 p.m. today be equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arkansas. 
NATIONAL DRUG COURT MONTH  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise to recognize National Drug Court Month and show my support for the positive impact drug courts have on cutting crime, saving money, and re-storing lives. I have seen firsthand the impact of drug courts in Arkansas. This proven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.005 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3055 May 22, 2017 
approach has helped many Arkansans suffering from drug and alcohol abuse who have received the treatment and services they need to turn their lives around. For more than two decades, these courts have offered Arkansas’ drug-addicted, nonviolent offenders an alternative to jail while rehabilitating them through a strenuous treatment program. We have nearly 90 specialty courts in Arkansas that are providing lifesaving treatment to more than 3,000 individ-uals with substance use disorders, and the results are impressive. Our State saves $45 million each year by divert-ing these offenders from prison to drug courts. Ninety percent of Arkansas drug court participants’ drug tests come back negative for illegal sub-stances, compared to 64 percent of those on probation and parole. Drug courts are a critical component of today’s criminal justice system. They have proven to be an effective al-ternative to jail for individuals con-victed of nonviolent drug charges. Holding offenders with substance use and mental health disorders account-able through strict supervision and treatment, drug courts and veterans treatment courts have saved taxpayer dollars and the lives of more than 1.5 million people, including a remarkable man I recently met who shared his story. Blayne was facing 20 years in prison because of crimes he had committed to support a 10-year addiction to prescrip-tion opioids. This epidemic currently takes 94 American lives every single day, but Blayne is one of the lucky ones. His community had a drug court. The drug court program gave him the tools he needed to stop using drugs and helped him reconnect with his family, find employment, and get his life back on track. Instead of sitting in a jail cell on the taxpayers’ dime, he is working as a teacher. Instead of breaking into homes, he owns one. Today, Blayne is a dedicated family man. He told me: ‘‘Drug court was a chance to become the father and husband that I wanted to be.’’ His story is similar to hundreds of Arkansans who have drug courts to thank for turning their lives around. An Arkansas drug court gave a woman named Sammy a second chance. She became addicted to painkillers at the age of 22 when she suffered a back in-jury. Her addiction led her down a very dangerous path, where she also started using meth every day. It also led her into the criminal justice system, and she was facing 20 years in prison. Drug court helped Sammy change her life-style. Now she is a positive role model for her children, holding down a full- time job and giving back to her com-munity. This is the power drug courts and other treatment courts have that change lives, heal families, and save money. The success of drug treatment courts has become a model tailored to the needs of different groups from vet-erans to juveniles. The willingness of the judicial system to adopt alter-native methods to jail time is a cost-ef-fective approach to changing the habits of drug addicts and saving the lives of people like Blayne and Sammy. As Washington pursues options for criminal justice reform, drug courts are a great example of a program that works. More than 25 years of research has proven they reduce crime and sub-stance abuse, break the vicious cycle of recidivism, and keep families together. In Arkansas and every other State in the country, drug courts are making a real difference. I want to recognize and thank the more than 30,000 drug court judges, prosecutors, defense attorneys, treatment providers, probation offi-cers, court administrators, and other professionals who are on the frontlines of providing a path to recovery. As we recognize National Drug Court Month, this is a great opportunity to show our commitment for the Drug Court Dis-cretionary Grant Program and the Vet-erans Treatment Court Initiative at the Department of Justice. While there are 150,000 Americans being served by drug courts and veterans treatment courts today, there are more than 1 million individuals in our justice sys-tem who do not yet have access to these lifesaving programs. I ask you to join me in supporting re-sources for these programs to improve public safety, save taxpayer dollars, and, most importantly, save lives. With that, I yield back. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the United States’ relationship with China is one of our most complicated and consequential in the world. The United States must maintain a con-structive partnership with China to ad-dress global threats ranging from cli-mate change to North Korea’s nuclear program. While our interests are often at odds, our relationship with China must be built on respect, not rebuffs— on tact, not tweets. On the campaign trail, President Trump’s rhetoric about China was as caustic as it was hollow. He claimed that climate change was a ‘‘hoax per-petrated by the Chinese.’’ He contended that we could not ‘‘continue to allow China to rape our country.’’ He de-clared China was ‘‘our enemy’’ and that he would direct the Treasury De-partment to label China a currency manipulator on his first day in office. He said he would not honor the ‘‘one China policy’’ without extracting con-cessions from the Chinese on trade. None of these threats materialized when Trump assumed office, of course. When rhetoric met reality, Trump re-treated. Even while he railed against China during his campaign, Trump simulta-neously extolled his deep financial ties with the country. He credited the Chi-nese for much of his own personal for-tune, saying, ‘‘I’ve made a lot of money with China,’’ and ‘‘I do great with China, I sell them condos, I have the largest bank in the world from China, the largest in the world by far. They’re a tenant of mine in a building I own in Manhattan.’’ Trump is the only President in mod-ern history who has not divested his fi-nancial holdings or established a blind trust, and his financial entanglements with China have grown since his inau-guration. Earlier this year, China gave the Trump Organization preliminary approval for 38 trademarks, paving the way for the President and his family to develop a host of branded business from hotels, to insurance, to bodyguard and escort services. On the very same night that Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner dined with Chinese President Xi at Mar-a-Lago, China granted Ivanka Trump’s company three new trade-marks. All of this points to the very real possibility that Trump and his family are using the Presidency to in-crease their personal profit, in viola-tion of the Constitution, and that the- Chinese are accommodating them. Governor Terry Branstad is far from an ideal choice for the U.S. Ambas-sador to China. His record on labor rights is deeply troubling, including his decision earlier this year to sign into law a bill that dramatically scales back the rights of workers to bargain collectively for their health insurance, evaluation procedures, and supple-mental pay. However, in an administration that has put forward few qualified can-didates for public office, Governor Branstad possesses some of the experi-ence required for this critical diplo-matic post. Governor Branstad has worked with the Chinese and with Chi-nese President Xi specifically for sev-eral decades. In his testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, he alleged he would use this longstanding relationship to press President Xi on the North Korean nu-clear threat. He acknowledged the im-portance of opening Chinese markets to U.S. goods while recognizing the need to hold them accountable for un-fair trade practices. He claimed that he would promote American values abroad, including human rights, the importance of a free press, and a rules- based international order. Governor Branstad’s recognition of the importance of these basic Amer-ican values, values President Trump himself does not acknowledge, is vital in our engagements with China and countries around the world. Governor Branstad’s longstanding relationships in China suggest he may be more re-sponsible and disciplined in his state-ments and behavior than President Trump. Given the vast array of global issues that require China’s coopera-tion, I hope Governor Branstad re-mains faithful to his testimony and at-tempts to foster a productive relation-ship with China. For these reasons, I support his nomination for U.S. Am-bassador to China. Mr. YOUNG. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.007 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3056 May 22, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
STOP ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I came to the floor last week to talk about our police officers. It was during Police Week. We talked about the brav-ery and heroism of our officers back home. I talked about tragic stories of police officers who were gunned down in the line of duty and talked about what they do for us every day. Today I want to talk about an issue that is endangering their lives and the lives of so many in our communities but specifically law enforcement. This happens in every single State rep-resented in this Chamber. This danger is this new epidemic of synthetic her-oin, of opioids. We know more about heroin and pre-scription drugs. Now we have these synthetic heroins coming in that are even more powerful. Being a police offi-cer has always been a tough job, but it is becoming riskier today because of this. Some people have heard it as carfentanil or fentanyl or U4. Most of this synthetic poison coming into our communities is coming through the mail system. It is coming from over-seas, primarily from China, where they have laboratories, where some evil sci-entist is mixing up this chemical mix and sending it over here into our com-munities. Let me tell you about something that happened last Friday in East Liverpool, OH. Some of you may know the name ‘‘East Liverpool’’ because it is the same city where there was a pho-tograph that went viral on the Internet of a couple who had overdosed in the front of a car, with their 3-year-old grandson in a car seat behind them. It showed the grandson, and it showed the two who had overdosed passed out in the front of the car. In this same town of East Liverpool, OH, an officer by the name of Chris Green pulled over a car in a routine traffic stop. As he came up to the car, he noticed there was white powder sprinkled around the car. He took the appropriate precautions. He put on his gloves, he put on a mask, and he began to deal with the situation at hand. The people in the car apparently had spread the powder to try to avoid it being de-tected, but it was easily detectible. At the end of his arrest process, there was a small amount of powder that was left on his jacket, which he did not no-tice. He went back to the police sta-tion. When he got there, he noticed the powder on his shirt and instinctively he went like this to get the powder off of his shirt. This small amount of pow-der touching his hand caused him to overdose. Officer Green is not a small guy; he is about 6 feet 3 inches, 225 pounds. He is a big, strong police offi-cer who overdosed just by trying to get a few flakes of powder off of his jacket. Why? Because this fentanyl is so pow-erful. It is so deadly. Fortunately, his fellow police officers were able to save his life with naloxone. This is a miracle drug which reverses the effects of an overdose and which is being used on our streets every single day to save people from dying from overdoses. In this case, it was used to keep a police officer who was doing his duty and who had simply tried to get a few flakes of powder off of his uniform from dying of an over-dose. East Liverpool police chief John Lane put it this way: 
If he had been alone, he’d be dead. That’s how dangerous this stuff is. 
Chief Lane later made the point that if Officer Green had gone home in that shirt and unknowingly had this powder on his shirt or his jacket, he could have endangered the lives of his family. That is a scary thought. Obviously, that is true. That is how deadly these drugs are. It only takes a few milligrams, just a few specks, to kill you. This chart will show you how much it takes. Here you see that 10 milligrams of carfentanil is powerful enough to sedate a 15,000- pound elephant. Here is the carfentanil over here, as shown on this chart. You will see why a fatal dose can be a very, very small amount—30 milligrams for heroin, 3 milligrams for fentanyl, even less than 3 milligrams for carfentanil. By the way, for those of you at home, if you look at a penny, you will see Abraham Lincoln’s profile on one side of it. The deadly dose of fentanyl that we are talking about here is enough to only cover up the face of Abraham Lin-coln on a penny. That is how little we are talking about and how deadly this stuff is. You can see why our law en-forcement officers are so concerned about this. Officer Green is not the only one to experience this. There was a famous case last year where two officers in At-lantic County, NJ—Detective Dan Kallen and Detective Eric Price— overdosed on fentanyl just by breath-ing fentanyl in the air at a crime scene. As some of you have heard, fentanyl is so dangerous that they are afraid to use dogs to try to sniff it out because just by trying to sniff these packages to see whether fentanyl is in-cluded in them, the dogs could over-dose and die. Fentanyl is dangerous stuff. By the way, it is taking up more and more of the resources of our police offi-cers and other first responders. Earlier this year, I came to the floor and talked about Officer Ben Rhodes of Chillicothe, OH. Last year Officer Rhodes reversed more than 50 drug overdoses. This is one officer in one small town. Talk to the firefighters in your com-munity and ask them whether they go on more fire runs or more heroin and fentanyl and carfentanil overdose runs. I almost guarantee you they will say they go on more overdose runs. As a re-sult, in some communities, those fire-fighters are not there to be able to pro-tect us as you would typically think from the fires that still continue to be a major problem. So this is a real issue. It is taking up more and more of their time and more resources and causing more and more crime. On Thursday, in Middletown, OH, which is a town in Southern Ohio, a family was getting ready to leave the house. In fact, they had already strapped their 3-month-old baby into a car seat. It is not clear whether they had shot up with heroin before they put the baby in the car seat or after, but they went back into the house and they overdosed in the house. They had the baby in the car seat in the car. They overdosed in the home. They have another son who is 5 years old. He ran out of the house barefoot. He went to a neighbor’s house, to his stepfather’s home, which is a few blocks away, and yelled at the door: Mom and dad are dead. Mom and dad are dead. The grandfather called the police, and they rushed to the scene. They were able to revive the boy’s dad with naloxone. They used seven doses of naloxone on the mother, but she still couldn’t wake up. From talking to po-lice officers about this, they tell me that there is a very good sign this in-volved fentanyl, perhaps carfentanil, because after two, three, four, five, six, seven doses of naxolone, she still could not be revived. Fortunately, the police rushed her to the hospital, where they were finally able to bring her back. Again, this is what police officers are facing every day in my home State of Ohio, in your State, in your commu-nity. After this incident, the Middletown Police said on Facebook: 
It has to stop. Please get help before it’s too late. Not only to save yourself, but to save your kids. Give these kids a chance by getting help. If you or someone you love has a drug problem, please seek help right now. 
This is a cry from our police officers saying that this can’t continue. Talk to the firefighters and police of-ficers who have administered naloxone to the same individual time and time again, overdose after overdose. These brave officers and police officers around the country are feeling over-whelmed. Drug overdoses are now the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the United States of America. It has now sur-passed car accidents. It has way sur-passed gun violence. In the last 3 years, more Americans have died of drug overdoses than died in the Vietnam war. More Americans are dying of drug overdoses now than died of AIDS at the peak of the AIDS epidemic in 1995. This year, 2017, more people will die from overdoses from opioids than died from AIDS at the peak in 1995—another trag-edy. According to an article in the New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.008 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3057 May 22, 2017 
York Times, more than four times as many people are dying every day from this epidemic than were dying of drug overdoses at the peak of the crack co-caine epidemic. When I say it is the worst drug crisis we have faced in this country and that it is an epidemic, that is not overstating it. The Fraternal Order of Police and the Major County Sheriffs of America are actually focused on this issue, and they want better tools to be able to at least try to stop some of this poison— the fentanyl and the carfentanil—from coming into our communities. I mentioned earlier the fact that this actually comes by the mail system. Unbelievable. It doesn’t come by all mail systems. It comes through the U.S. mail system, as opposed to the private carriers, such as FedEx, UPS, DHL, or others. One reason is because our mail system in the United States does not require the kind of advanced notice of where the package is from, what is in it, and where it is going that the private carriers require. So where do the traffickers go? They go to our mail service, the U.S. Postal Service, and the postal service in the country that interacts with and connects with our postal service. This is why the Fraternal Order of Police, the Major County Sheriffs of America, and other law enforcement are saying: Help us by passing legisla-tion called the STOP Act. The STOP Act is to help stop traffickers from bringing these deadly poisons into our communities, the kind of stuff that caused Officer Green to overdose. Fentanyl and these other synthetic drugs are not just coming in from over-seas; they are coming in through our mail system. What we are saying in the STOP Act is, let’s close the loophole. Let’s say that the mail system in the United States has to say the same thing that other private carriers say, which is, if you want to ship something through our system, that is fine, but you have to tell us what is in it. You have to tell us where it is from and where it is going. Otherwise, they can’t effectively stop these packages. It is like finding a needle in a haystack. I talked earlier about the difficulty of detecting it and how poisonous it is, and sniffing dogs can’t be used because of the potential of them overdosing and dying. It is also very difficult for our officers to find these packages without some information. Expert testimony, including that from the Secretary of Homeland Security, General Kelly, from Customs and Border Protection, and from the folks at DEA all reach the same conclusion, which is that this policy change would make it easier for law enforcement to detect suspicious packages of fentanyl, carfentanil, and other synthetic drugs and help keep this poison out of our country. Support for this legislation is bipar-tisan, and it is growing. We now have 16 cosponsors in the Senate—8 Demo-crats and 8 Republicans. Completely bi-partisan. In the House, Congressman P ATTIBERI of Ohio and R ICHARD NEAL of Massachusetts—a Republican and a Democrat—have introduced bipartisan companion legislation. They now have 128 cosponsors. Support is building. It is an obvious way to help push back. Is it the silver bullet? No. There is not one silver bullet. We need to do more in terms of prevention, treatment, and re-covery, and help our law enforcement more to make sure they have naloxone to be able to save lives. At least, let’s stop some of this poi-son from coming in, and let’s at least increase the cost of the fentanyl be-cause one reason you see this big in-crease in overdoses from fentanyl and carfentanil and traffickers using more of it is because of the cost. At the very least, by helping our law enforcement, giving them the tools they need, we can stop some of it and increase the cost on the street. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the STOP Act. We have a hearing on this legislation on Thursday of this week in the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations. We have experts coming in—law enforcement of-ficers who care a lot about their col-leagues. They talk about what a danger this is to them, what a danger this is to our communities. It is time for us in the U.S. Senate to stand up and take this important step, not the silver bul-let but the important step to be able to help save lives and make our commu-nities safer. Thank you, Madam President. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, will the Senator from Ohio yield for a ques-tion? Mr. PORTMAN. Absolutely. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Thank you, Madam President. I say to the Senator, I appreciate what he is doing. I am a supporter and one of the cosponsors of his bill. This fentanyl problem is just devastating communities all over the country, in-cluding in my State of Florida. What was surprising to me to find out was that fentanyl is so much more addictive and so much more lethal than so many others of these drugs that ultimately lead to a person be-coming addicted so badly that they just crave fentanyl. I appreciate very much what he has spoken about and given leadership to. I just want him to know there are a lot of us who are trying to raise the flags of awareness of this situation before it is too late. Mr. PORTMAN. I thank my colleague from Florida. He has been a stalwart on this issue. We have never made this a partisan issue, have we. We always kept this a bipartisan issue because this is a danger to our country, our communities—all Americans. The Sen-ator is absolutely right. It is 30 to 50 times more powerful than heroin. A flew flakes can kill you, as you see here. It is absolutely necessary we figure out a way together, as Republicans and Democrats. With the recovery efforts the Senator supported and the Cures Act he already supported, this is the next logical step to deal with the new threat, which is this synthetic heroin coming to our country. I thank my colleague from Florida. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. In passing, I would say to the Senator from Ohio, what was so surprising to me was, just a few grains of this deadly drug, just by being touched by someone, is absorbed into the system through the skin, and it can be lethal—just that innocent act of touching a few grains. So, indeed, we have to get our arms around this prob-lem. 
HAITI  
Mr. President, I want to address the Senate on a different subject. If you will recall the devastating earthquake in this little country of Haiti—the poorest nation in the entire Western Hemisphere—you can imagine what that earthquake did. Just as people are beginning to get their lives back to-gether, here comes a hurricane, and it devastates even more. As a result, over the course of those years, a number of Haitians were admitted into the United States under TPS, temporary protected status. That is a special entry into the United States, usually because of a natural catastrophe that has occurred in another nation in the world, but it is with the understanding that, indeed, as the first word of TPS says, it is ‘‘tem-porary.’’ So into the United States—allowing some relief on all of the stresses on the local economy and the government be-cause of that devastating earthquake, and then later the hurricane on top of it—are approximately just less than 60,000 Haitians here legally on TPS. So the Government of the United States is making a decision and has just an-nounced earlier today that it will ex-tend TPS. I might say, that is a bipar-tisan request from many of us from the Florida delegation—to extend TPS until the nation of Haiti can, in fact, absorb 60,000 people back into its little island economy. These are people who generally want to go back. Their families are there. These are people who have now earned a substantial savings that they send back as remittances to their families. These are people with skills that Haiti, as it continues to rebuild from a pov-erty-stricken nation, will want to have back because of their skills. I might say that when I knew the De-partment of Homeland Security was considering this—whether to revoke the TPS status or to extend it—I felt quite confident that the Secretary of DHS, General Kelly, the former com-mander of Southcom, the U.S. South-ern Command—that in his 3-year stint as commander of Southcom, he in fact would understand all the nuances be-cause he had lived with that problem. He understood it. He understood not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.014 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3058 May 22, 2017 
only TPS for the Haitians, but he also understood the TPS that even years be-fore had been given to a number of Cen-tral Americans when they came into the country under temporary protected status, which they likewise had been extended, and that status has not been revoked. I felt quite confident that General Kelly, as the Secretary of DHS, would extend TPS from ordering immediate removal to the Nation of Haiti of 60,000 people. Indeed, General Kelly announced that decision earlier today, and he has granted a 6-month extension. Now, therein lies the problem. I have just spoken to General Kelly, who is really a tremendous, lifelong marine, very decorated, a true hero. He is someone that has comported with his duties, whatever it has been in his service to America, in the most exem-plary manner. What I wanted to dis-cuss with General Kelly was that there is just no way in 6 months that the Na-tion of Haiti can absorb 60,000 of its people back. It would be like trying to swallow a bite of food that is way too big in order to do it. So what I urged General Kelly after this announcement was made, which has caused alarm in the Haitian-Amer-ican community—it certainly caused alarm in the nation of Haiti, the Gov-ernment of Haiti. Indeed, the Ambas-sador was asking for an extension of at least 18 months. I don’t think it is out of the question that General Kelly will consider that. Therefore, I asked him to please confer with the leadership in the Haitian-American community in South Florida, a community he is well aware of since he lived in Miami for 3 years as the commander of U.S. South-ern Command. I think he will follow that suggestion and meet in the not- too-distant future with the leaders. General Kelly also told me he was planning a trip to Haiti to discuss this directly with the Government of Haiti. That is important because how can they reasonably absorb them back into society, utilize their skills—and over what period of time can that be done? Therefore, I commend General Kelly, the Secretary of DHS, on the way he has approached it. I would urge our Haitian-American communities in America to just be patient. Understand that General Kelly is going to do a comprehensive overview and that in 6 months, come January, suddenly 60,000 people are not going to be kicked out of the country. The truth is, I am not sure the Gov-ernment of the United States knows exactly where all the 60,000 are. So that is going to be another question of lo-cating them, once the decision is made, which this Senator has certainly urged at least 18 months before that would start. I have spoken to the Haitian Am-bassador. He told me it is a newly formed government in Haiti and is working on a plan to further rebuild and develop the country so its people can make their lives there again. They have asked for the extension of TPS up to 18 months while they continue to re-build. I think that by Secretary Kelly indicating he is going to Haiti very soon, that he has indicated he is going to reconsider the decision that was made about 6 months, suddenly revok-ing all of their TPS status. As Haiti continues to rebuild, repatriating 60,000 Haitians here in the United States needs to be pursued according to a plan that will not destabilize the new gov-ernment’s efforts. Remember, this is a government that had a temporary government because there was a question about chicanery in the election. There was actually a temporary President that governed the country, and then new elections were held with an overwhelming winner who is now the President of Haiti. So in this newly formed government, you don’t want to destabilize their efforts, which would divert precious resources to just reintegrating the people who would be sent back from the United States. It could cause a severe overbur-den on the government. Therefore, what this Senator is asking for—what I think, at the end of the day, will prob-ably be 18 months, given that time, and then start an orderly transition of those TPS Haitians back to their own country. Thus, the United States can continue to be focused on helping Haiti recover from all of these disasters they have suffered. Therefore, I feel quite con-fident Secretary Kelly will do that. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the Branstad nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to support Iowa Governor Terry Branstad’s nomination to be U.S. Am-bassador to the People’s Republic of China. The position of U.S. Ambas-sador to China is one of the most im-portant ambassadorial positions in the world. I am confident that my friend and Governor, Terry Branstad, is the right person for the job. Having worked alongside the Gov-ernor for many years, I know he will exemplify the same leadership, thoughtfulness, and dedication in his role as Ambassador to China on behalf of the United States as he did for the people of Iowa. Importantly, Governor Branstad also knows China and its leaders well. He first met President Xi Jinping while he was visiting Iowa on an agricultural research trip in 1985. They have kept in touch over the years, and Governor Branstad has vis-ited China a number of times on behalf of the State of Iowa. Iowa’s extensive trade relationship with China has given Governor Branstad a front-seat view of the complexities of our country’s broader trade and economic relation-ship with China and will provide him with the foundation to effectively ad-vocate for U.S. interests, as evidenced by his successful confirmation before the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, which approved his nomination by voice vote. Governor Branstad will not only work tirelessly to foster our trade and economic interests with China, but he is also prepared to tackle the many other complex, bilateral issues we have with China, from North Korea to the South China Sea to human rights. It has been an honor to serve the people of Iowa alongside Governor Branstad, the longest serving Governor in U.S. history, and I am thrilled to continue to work with him in his new role serv-ing the American people. I thank Governor Branstad for his service to Iowa, and I wish him and his family the best as they prepare to de-part for Beijing. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I join the Senator from Iowa in supporting Governor Branstad as our next Ambas-sador to China. I have the opportunity of being the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I knew of Governor Branstad’s reputa-tion as the Governor of Iowa—that he was well thought of and that his lead-ership was recognized not only by the people of his State but in our Nation. So I was, before the nomination was made, impressed by his dedication to public service. I then had a chance to meet with him in my office. I must tell you that I was extremely impressed about how he was prepared to move on to be the Ambassador to China and how he spoke in favor of our strong ideals. We then had a confirmation hearing in our committee, and that very much confirmed his knowledge of the chal-lenges that he has, his dedication to public service, and that he would be a strong advocate for American values. So I support his nomination and I urge my colleagues to confirm Governor Branstad. As Senator E
RNST pointed out, our mission in China is a particu-larly important international responsi-bility. We know that China plays a signifi-cant role—maybe even a dominating role—in regard to North Korea and in trying to get North Korea to give up its nuclear arsenal. We also know that China has a very checkered record on protecting the human rights of its own citizens. We have major trade issues between the United States and China, in which our Ambassador needs to be engaged to protect American commer-cial interests. We have the continuing saga between Taiwan and China and living up to our commitments to protect the integrity of Taiwan. Then, we have a very dan-gerous situation in the South China 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.016 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3059 May 22, 2017 
Sea, where China has done many pro-vocative activities that will require the diplomacy of our Ambassador in Beijing in order to encourage the use of the rule of law in direct negotiations between the parties and not claiming territory by provocative actions. So, for all of those issues, we need an experienced Ambassador in China to represent our interests. What really impressed me about Governor Branstad is that I do believe he has a passion for American values. I particularly appreciated his will-ingness—and would even say he was anxious—to represent American and global interests for China’s improving their human rights record and dealing with the right of religious minorities, dealing with the right of dissent, and dealing with the right of free expres-sion and the press. He very much spoke about the need for the rule of law. So while we welcome the emergence of a prosperous China, we want one that follows international institutional laws and norms. That is going to be the challenge for our next Ambassador. Let me comment on what I believe the Trump administration is doing that is going to make our next Ambas-sador’s responsibilities even more chal-lenging than perhaps they should be; that is, that we have seen already that in the discussions between President Xi and President Trump with respect to North Korea, it seems like the Trump administration is prepared to give up some of our American values in order to make progress with regard to North Korea, such as our interests in our American workers, our interests in the South China Sea, in maritime security, our relationship with Taiwan, and human rights, et cetera. That would be a bad deal. Yes, we want North Korea to be under control and to give up its nuclear weapons. Yes, we want China to exercise a much stronger role in convincing North Korea that it is in their interests to give up their nuclear weapon program. We want to do that. There are ways we can. It is in China’s interests that North Korea give up its nuclear weapon ambition. They want a nonnuclear Ko-rean Peninsula. We should not trade our values in order for that to be able to occur. The second matter, which I have talked about on the floor before, that is going to make it more difficult for our next Ambassador is the President’s continued unwillingness to comply with the emoluments clause of the Constitution. As I have said on the floor before, every President before President Trump either divested of their con-flicted ownership of assets or they set up a blind trust, but Mr. Trump did not. Shortly after his election, the Trump organization received trade-marks through the Chinese Govern-ment that they had been unsuccessful in obtaining for years, in which they have spent literally hundreds of thou-sands of dollars if not more in legal fees. All of a sudden, 1 week after the President is elected, the Chinese Gov-ernment grants these trademarks. It is hard to believe that the fact that they were dealing with the President of the United States did not weigh into deci-sions made by the Chinese Govern-ment. But it does not end there. We also know that a member of his family was in China to sell the EB–5 visas. That, again, presented a direct conflict. We actually know that his daughter re-ceived three new trademarks in an in-credibly speedy turnaround—the same night that the daughter had dinner with President Xi. These things don’t look good. The emoluments clause is where a foreign government tries to influence our President through doing favors. It is going to be very difficult for the Amer-ican people—in fact, very difficult for the international community—to be-lieve that it was not, in part, due to the position that Mr. Trump holds that these actions took place. That violates our Constitution. That is wrong. The bottom line is that our next Am-bassador is going to have to deal with those issues. We have a hard enough as-signment in dealing with North Korea, trade, the South China Sea, Taiwan, and human rights to throw in these ad-ditional hurdles. So I urge my col-leagues to support Mr. Branstad’s nom-ination. I believe that he is well-quali-fied to represent this country. I hope the Trump administration will give him a stronger hand to play. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I think I will be done speaking before the time for the vote arrives, but I ask unanimous consent for permission to finish my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am pleased that the Senate is finally con-sidering the nomination of Governor Branstad of Iowa to be Ambassador to China. Before I speak about this very well-qualified nominee, I would like to express my great disappointment and great frustration with the seemingly endless obstruction on the part of the minority. This nominee received unanimous support in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee more than a week ago. Yet the majority leader was re-quired to file cloture on the nominee because there could not be consent given to move forward with it. We could have approved this nomination with just a few minutes of debate time. Yet the minority required that we have the cloture vote and the 30 hours after-wards, not because they wanted to de-bate the merits of the nominee but simply to delay the business of the Senate. It is unfortunate that their delay has kept an eminently qualified individual from getting into the job to promote America’s interest in China sooner than it now will be. I am honored to have the opportunity today to speak to my colleagues about my good friend, Governor Terry Branstad. Governor Branstad is the longest- serving Governor in U.S. history. Let me make that clear. Out of 50 States for 230 years, no person in the United States has served their State as Gov-ernor of that State longer than Terry Branstad has now. He is a lifelong Iowan who has devoted his life to pub-lic service. After more than 22 years as my home State’s chief executive, I am proud to support Governor Branstad’s nomina-tion to serve our country as the next U.S. Ambassador to the People’s Re-public of China. The fact is, Governor Branstad has been an ambassador for Iowa to the Na-tion and even to the world for his en-tire career. He has been a champion for Iowa and on behalf of Iowans around the globe. As Governor, he has been vigorous in promoting our State’s economy and opening markets for our farm commodities, financial services, and manufacturing to the world mar-ketplace. His nomination should come as no surprise to the people of Iowa. We have long known and benefited from the re-lationship Governor Branstad has had with the people of China. A sister state relationship in 1983 has grown into a successful trade partnership that has benefited Iowa farmers and businesses. Perhaps most notably, Governor Branstad enjoys a 30-year friendship with President Xi. Their first meeting took place in 1985 in Iowa when, then a Provincial official, Xi led an agricul-tural delegation to Iowa. President Xi visited Iowa again in 2012, when Gov-ernor Branstad was back at the helm in his fifth term after a 12-year respite from being Governor. Their relation-ship reflects genuine goodwill and, more importantly, mutual respect. Governor Branstad has never stopped working to expand Iowa’s trade, invest-ment, and economic partnerships on the world stage, including many trips to China. He will bring midwestern hu-mility and level-headed leadership to the job. He is a workhorse who is unafraid to get into the trenches to get the job done. I have no doubt that he will stand strong for American values, such as freedom of the press and reli-gious liberty, and that he will work to strengthen peace, stability, and pros-perity between our two nations. Once he is confirmed, I am confident that Governor Branstad will bring to bear his tireless commitment to solve problems and always move the ball for-ward. Although his heart will always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.017 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3060 May 22, 2017 
be in Iowa, I know Governor Branstad will throw himself into this job whole-heartedly. Governor Branstad is uniquely quali-fied to help strengthen the trade, eco-nomic, cultural, and geopolitical rela-tionships between our two countries. I am pleased that he has now been called to serve our entire Nation, not just the State of Iowa, as Ambassador to China. I have every confidence that he will represent the United States well and will excel, just as he has throughout his entire public career. Without reservation, then, I support this nomination. I also urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this nomination. Thank you very much. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Branstad nomi-nation? Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’, the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’, and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 82, nays 13, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 133 Ex.] YEAS—82 
Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—13 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Duckworth Gillibrand Hirono Markey Peters Sanders Schumer Stabenow Warren 
NOT VOTING—5 
Alexander Harris Isakson Lee Murkowski 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 59, Amul Thapar to be United States circuit judge for the Sixth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Amul R. Thapar, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, John Hoeven, James E. Risch, Mike Rounds, Deb Fischer, Mike Crapo, Jerry Moran, Pat Roberts, Lindsey Graham, John Kennedy, Steve Daines, David Perdue. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. LEGISLATIVE SESSION MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REVEREND DENNIS H. HOLTSCHNEIDER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to take a few moments to thank Reverend Dennis H. Holtscheider for all he has done to bring educational excel-lence to our State. After nearly 13 years as president of DePaul University, the largest Catho-lic university in the country, Father Holtschneider will be retiring later this summer. He originally planned on step-ping down in 2019 at the end of his con-tract, but always putting DePaul first, he decided that wouldn’t fit with the university’s planning cycle. After lead-ing the university through two success-ful strategic plans, he said, ‘‘It’s best for DePaul if I step aside in the sum-mer of 2017 so that a new leader can as-sist the institution to name and ambi-tiously pursue its next set of strategic objectives.’’ What a class act. It is no surprise, for more than a decade, Rev-erend Holtschneider has put DePaul University first. During Father Holtschneider’s ten-ure, U.S. News and World Report recog-nized DePaul University as among the country’s ‘‘Most Innovative Univer-sities.’’ While many colleges and uni-versities shift their missions over the years, Reverend Holtschneider has al-ways remained committed to DePaul University’s founding principles—a de-votion to first generation students. He has raised about $460 million in philan-thropic support for this noble cause, in-cluding $333 million for the ‘‘Many Dreams, One Mission’’ campaign to en-sure access to high quality education for future generations of DePaul stu-dents. Born in Detroit, Father Holtschneider graduated from Niagara University with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, studied for the priest-hood at Mary Immaculate Seminary, and also received a doctorate in higher education administration from Harvard University. Prior to joining DePaul University, Father Holtscheider served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of his alma mater, Ni-agara University. He also was the di-rector and rector of Vincentian College Seminary and has been a faculty mem-ber in the Harvard Graduate School of Education. Since 2014, Father Holtschneider has chaired the board of Ascension, the Nation’s largest Catho-lic and nonprofit health system, but will be stepping down to become execu-tive vice president and chief operating officer later this summer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.019 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3061 May 22, 2017 
Father Holtschneider has been the recipient of numerous awards, includ-ing the ACE Council of Fellows Mentor Award for his work preparing the next generation of academic leaders in high-er education. He has been listed on the Diversity MBA Magazine’s Top 100 and Under 50 Diverse Executive Leaders. I especially want to thank Father Holtschneider for his leadership on comprehensive immigration reform, which was honored by the Archdiocese of Chicago with its ‘‘Strangers No Longer Award.’’ I congratulate Reverend Holtschneider on his many accomplish-ments throughout his long and distin-guished career. I thank him for always being a trustworthy counselor and per-sonal friend. I thank him for his serv-ice and wish him all the best as he be-gins the next chapter in his life. Those of us who have worked with him over the years know he will bring that same sense of professionalism and dedication to the field of healthcare at Ascension. Thank you. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, I was unavoidably absent during today’s vote, Executive Calendar No. 55, due to my son’s college graduation. Had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirmation of Governor Terry E. Branstad to be the U.S. Ambassador to China.∑ 
f 
ARUS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous constent to have print-ed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Sen-ators in the office of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER . Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–04, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $250 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. RIXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–04 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment $ 0 million. Other $250 million. Total $250 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Ouantities of Articles or Services under Con-sideration for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE includes: Continuation of a naval blanket order training program inside and outside of Saudi Arabia that includes, but is not limited, to English Language training, professional military education, technical training, pub-lications and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: SR–P–TCY. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: MAY 22, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia—Navy Blanket Order Training The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has re-quested the continuation of a naval blanket order training program inside and outside of Saudi Arabia that includes, but is not lim-ited to English Language training, profes-sional military education, technical train-ing, publications and technical documenta-tion, U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering, technical and logistics support serv-ices, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated value is $250 million. This proposed sale will enhance the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic regional partner that has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The proposed sale will enable Saudi Arabia and the Royal Saudi Naval Force (RSNF) to maintain military performance levels and provide an increased ability to meet current and future maritime threats. The training will support the RSNF in its role patrolling and providing protection for critical indus-trial infrastructure and for the sea lines of communications. The RSNF will also use the training to enhance interoperability with the United States and other coalition mari-time forces. Saudi Arabia will have no dif-ficulty absorbing these services. The proposed sale of this training will not alter the basic military balance in the re-gion. The prime contractor will be Kratos De-fense & Security Solutions of San Diego, CA. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of approximately 88 contractor representatives to Saudi Arabia for approximately three years to support personnel training. Implementation of this sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government representatives to Saudi Arabia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, as we end Police Week, I wish to pay trib-ute to the police officers across the country who serve their communities with steadfast dedication. In par-ticular, I rise to honor three brave New Jersey law enforcement officers who lost their lives in the line of duty last year. In 1962, President Kennedy first pro-claimed May 15 as National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Day, and he proclaimed the calendar week in which May 15 falls as National Police Week. These designations pay special recognition to those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty and includes a number of events that brings together thousands of law en-forcement professionals and families to our nations’ capital. On this Police Week, I reflected on the nearly 400 new names inscribed on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, DC. Of these names, at least 139 were killed last year, and roughly 250 were earlier deaths that had slipped through the cracks of history. The total number of names on the National Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial will increase to more than 21,000, dating back to the first known officer fatality in 1791. It is a deeply upsetting fact that, on average, one law enforcement officer is killed in the line of duty somewhere in the United States every 58 hours. We can and should do better than this, and we owe it to these brave men and women to give them the necessary tools and training to protect them-selves. Those who protect us deserve to be protected as well. In honor of National Police Week and in recognition of the supreme sacrifice made by these officers, I will now read the names of the three law enforce-ment officers from New Jersey who were killed in the line of duty in 2016: Sean Cullen, trooper, New Jersey State police; Nikeelan Semmon, senior cor-rections officer, New Jersey Depart-ment of Corrections; and Frankie Wil-liams, trooper, New Jersey State po-lice. Today my thoughts and prayers go out to the families of these brave offi-cers. I sincerely hope that we rededi-cate ourselves to doing everything we can to support all law enforcement offi-cers across the country. We owe them, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.012 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3062 May 22, 2017 
along with all those who serve our country, the deepest debt of gratitude. 
f 
WELCOMING OUR HONORABLE VETERANS TO THE NATION’S CAPITOL Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I am incredibly honored to rise and rec-ognize a group of 25 heroic veterans who have traveled from West Virginia to visit our Nation’s Capital as part of the eighth Always Free Honor Flight. On behalf of our State and Nation, it is a true privilege to recognize them for their courageous service and unparal-leled sacrifice as they tour the memo-rials that have been built in their honor. With one of our country’s highest per capita rates of military servicemem-bers and veterans, West Virginia is un-doubtedly one of our Nation’s most pa-triotic States. According to the De-partment of Defense, West Virginia had the highest casualty rate in the Nation during the Vietnam war, and I am so proud that the Honor Flight will allow these West Virginia veterans to pay homage to their brethren at the Viet-nam Wall. Throughout our State’s his-tory, West Virginians have dem-onstrated selflessness and courage time and again in making tremendous sac-rifices to defend our freedoms and to keep our homeland safe. As these vet-erans tour the monuments made in their honor, I offer my sincerest thanks to them on behalf of our Nation for their service. The veterans joining us in Wash-ington range in age from 62 to 94 and hail from the coalfields of West Vir-ginia and Virginia. These patriots come from seven West Virginia coal mining counties and three Virginia counties. Of the Honor Flight veterans attending, two served in World War II, one served in the Korean war, two served in both the Korean and Vietnam wars, 18 served in the Vietnam war, and two Veterans served stateside. They have participated in decisive overseas battles and won a myriad of accolades for their accomplishments in uniform. I would especially like to recognize our World War II veterans who will be on this Honor Flight for the second time. Ninety-four-year-old former SN William ‘‘Ray’’ Calvin Sexton from Tazewell joined the Navy in Bramwell, WV, in 1943 and was a gunner stationed in Panama and the Galapagos Islands. We will also be joined by Machinist Mate 3rd Class Marion Grey Noel who joined the Navy in the 1940s and brave-ly fought in the battles of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. These men represent our Nation’s Greatest Generation, and their sac-rifices and valor embody American pa-triotism. They fought in such a pivotal war, in an era that threatened our ex-istence as a nation. Unfortunately, as the years go by, we are losing so many of our World War II veterans, and we must show them our utmost gratitude each and every day. As I mentioned, we will also be joined by veterans of the Korean and Vietnam wars. These men and women served courageously in a variety of ways, working both at home and abroad. They engaged in combat all over the world. They were pilots, helicopter gunners, and radio operators. One of these veterans is MSgt Reese Williamson Moore who joined the Air Force in 1951 in Bluefield, WV. He was first stationed in Iwo Jima as part of the Japan Occupation Forces in 1952. Then he moved to the Royal Thai Air Base Nam Phongin in the Kingdom of Thailand. He served during a pivotal time following World War II and went on to serve in the Vietnam war. We will also be joined by Iaeger, WV, native Sergeant Marion ‘‘Mario’’ E. Deskins, who joined the Air Force in 1968 in Beckley, WV. He served with the 15th Aerial Port Squadron at Danang, where he maintained records on unit personnel and transported doc-umentation to the headquarters of the 7th Air Force in Saigon via C–130 Her-cules airplanes. Sergeant Deskins was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal for his service in Vietnam. Another Vietnam veteran partici-pating in this week’s Honor Flight is Sergeant Marshal G. Mann from Princeton, WV. Sergeant Mann served in combat as an aircraft loadmaster, bravely preparing and air lifting ur-gently needed ammunition to combat troops fighting in the Republic of Viet-nam. For his service and extraordinary achievement, Sergeant Mann received the Distinguished Flying Cross. This week’s Honor Flight and the continued support of our veterans would not be possible without the dedi-cation of so many volunteers and care-givers. I would like to thank the five JROTC Cadets from Montcalm, Blue-field, Pikeview, and Princeton High Schools, as well as the military spouses serving as the guardians on this year’s Honor Flight. The care and love these Patriots provide for our veterans is in-valuable and deeply appreciated. I also commend those in the Always Free Honor Flight network for their dedication to providing our veterans with such a unique and meaningful ex-perience. Without the diligence and passion of Dreama Denver, president of Always Free Honor Flight network and owner of Princeton, WV, Little Buddy Radio, as well as Pam Coulbourne, the coordinator of these flights, many of our veterans would never have the op-portunity to travel to Washington and pay homage to the men and women they fought beside. Dreama and Pam launched the Always Free Honor Flight in 2012, and every year, they continue to make this dream a reality for many of our West Virginia veterans. I would also like to recognize SFC Paul Dorsey, vice president of Always Free Honor Flight and official photog-rapher Steve Coleman, who have done a tremendous job of ensuring that our veterans receive the recognition they deserve. Dreama, Pam, and Steve have also dedicated themselves to the Den-ver Foundation, serving as incredible examples of how individuals can give back to their communities. This week, as we celebrate these in-credible veterans and their answering our Nation’s call of duty, we must re-member that the men and women who have given so much to ensure Amer-ica’s safety deserve the utmost care and support upon their return home. We must continue to fight for a De-partment of Veterans Affairs that pro-vides our veterans with the services they very much need and deserve. I am filled with pride every time I meet the patriots who have served our country, and I am so pleased to wel-come West Virginia’s most courageous veterans, who are all heroes, to Wash-ington, DC. I encourage all of my col-leagues to join me in saluting them. They truly inspire us all as we are re-minded of their selfless service. It is because of their bravery that all Amer-icans enjoy the greatest liberties and freedoms in the world. God bless our many servicemembers and veterans, the great State of West Virginia, and the United States of America. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the sac-rifice of West Virginia’s veterans and to welcome them to Washington DC, as a part of the Always Free Honor Flight. West Virginia has a proud tra-dition of military service, and I am privileged to be able to recognize these brave men and women who put their lives on the line to preserve our free-doms during our Nation’s most critical hours of need. The Always Free Honor Flight pro-gram, run by the Denver Foundation, is dedicated to bringing our veterans to Washington, DC, to thank them for their bravery and selflessness. As a daughter of a World War II veteran, this is something that is very close to my heart, and I am so thankful for the folks at Always Free Honor Flight who have dedicated their time to making sure our veterans feel our immense gratitude and pride. This year, we have the privilege of being joined by 25 vet-erans, including veterans from World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. These courageous individuals embody the very best of our Nation’s values and have endeavored, through unimagi-nable hardship and danger, to ensure that all Americans may continue to live in the freedom and safety that we all cherish. Their courage, through some of the greatest conflicts of the 20th century, will not go unnoticed, and we must strive to show our appre-ciation every day. On this Always Free Honor Flight, we will be joined by two World War II veterans: Storekeeper Second Class William ‘‘Ray’’ Calvin Sexton, USN, Tazewell, VA; and Motor Machinist’s Mate Third Class Marion Grey Noel, USN, Roanoke, VA. In addition to our World War II vet-erans, we will also be joined by Korean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.030 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3063 May 22, 2017 
war veteran Gerald Marreese Rich-mond, North Tazewell, VA; and two veterans who served in both the Korean and Vietnam wars: Johnie Lewis Gor-don, Sr., USA, Princeton, WV; and MSgt Reese Williamson Moore, USAF, Bluefield, WV. The Vietnam veterans participating are Samuel ‘‘Sam’’ J. Connor, USN, Princeton, WV; CPL William ‘‘Bill’’ Cox, USA, Bluefield, WV; Sergeant Marion ‘‘Mario’’ E. Deskins, USAF, Iaeger, WV; CPL Donald R. Dinger, USMC, Bluefield, WV; SGT James ‘‘Jim’’ W. England, USA, Bluefield, VA; Jackie W. Estep, USMC, Yukon, WV; SPC Carl A. Lane, USA, Pineville, WV; Sergeant Marshal G. Mann, USAF, Princeton, WV; SGT Owen C. Neff, USA, Summersville, WV; PO3 Donald ‘‘Donnie’’ W. Noel, USN, Salem, VA; CPL Raymond C. Palmer, USA, Mabscott, WV; SGT Ronald Pen-nington, USA, Princeton, WV; PFC Jackson Phillip Thompson, USA, Blue-field, WV; SPC Larry Malone Saunders, USA, Madison, WV; PO1 Alan Brett Sexton, USN, Princeton, WV; SPC James Buck Tunnell, USA, Bandy, VA; CPL Ricky D. Williams, USMC, Beck-ley, WV; and CPT Jerry Sheffield, USA, Lavelette, WV. Other veterans include PFC Willis Lee Helmandollar, USA, Rocky Gap, VA; and SrA Grover C. White, Jr., USAF, Princeton, WV. This year, we are also proud of the ROTC cadets serving as escorts for our veterans, including Jacob Aaron Krabbe, Montcalm High School, Princeton, WV; Miaha Thompson, Montcalm High School, Rock, WV; and Lamont Devon Johnson, Bluefield High School, Bluefield, WV. These young cadets are proof of West Virginia’s continuing tradition of mili-tary service and are the next genera-tion of brave men and women that serve our country with bravery and pride. A great debt of gratitude is also owed to Dreama Denver, president of the Denver Foundation and Little Buddy Radio. These nonprofit organizations, which were founded by Dreama and her husband, Bob Denver, established the Always Free Honor Flight Network in West Virginia. I am so proud of the service and sense of duty that defines West Virginians and, indeed, all Americans. We all ben-efit from their selflessness and cour-age, and one of the most sacred tasks we hold is properly honoring the dedi-cation of our veterans. In bringing them together with the powerful monu-ments that recognize their sacrifice, we can express our unyielding gratitude while demonstrating our lasting com-mitment to preserving their memory. One of the greatest honors of serving in the U.S. Senate is representing citizens who have given so much to their coun-try. I take seriously the duty of ensur-ing that their sacrifice is honored with the same steadfast conviction with which they defended the rights and freedoms of every American. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in wel-coming and thanking these exceptional West Virginia veterans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL DANIEL B. ALLYN Mr. REED. Mr. President, I would like to recognize GEN Daniel B. Allyn for his exemplary dedication to duty and service to the U.S. Army and to our Nation. For the last 3 years, he has served as the 35th Vice Chief of Staff of the Army and is planning to retire next month. General Allyn is a fellow New Englander from Berwick, ME. He was commissioned as an infantry officer from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1981. General Allyn and his family were also fortunate to make a midcareer return to New England while he was a student at the Naval War College in Newport, RI. General Allyn has commanded troops from the platoon through corps level and served as commander of U.S. Army Forces Command, along with myriad other staff assignments. He served an overseas assignment in Korea and oper-ational deployments for Operation Ur-gent Fury in Grenada, two peace-keeping deployments to the Sinai Pe-ninsula in Egypt, Operation Just Cause in Panama, Operation Desert Storm in Saudi Arabia, Operation Desert Spring in Kuwait, two tours in support of Op-eration Iraqi Freedom, Operation Uni-fied Response in Haiti, and one tour in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. During a recent interview, General Allyn reflected on his time in uniform by saying ‘‘the only legacy we leave be-hind is the leaders that we develop on our watch.’’ The U.S. Army is fortu-nate to have leaders like General Allyn, and those who have served under him have no doubt benefitted immeas-urably from the mentorship he has pro-vided. We should all be thankful for the generations of Army leaders who will follow in his footsteps and, in so doing, positively contribute to the security of our nation. On behalf of a grateful nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing and commending GEN Daniel B. Allyn for over 36 years of service to our country. We wish Dan and his wife, Debbie, the very best in the years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL H. MICHAEL EDWARDS ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and commend Maj. Gen. H. Michael Edwards, who retired on March 31, 2017, after 43 years of ex-ceptional leadership and service to our country, including 36 years in the Colo-rado Air National Guard. For almost a decade in the position of the adjutant general for Colorado, General Edwards was responsible for the command administration of over 5,300 Army and Air National Guard members. He also served as the executive direc-tor of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs and was a member of the Governor’s cabinet. He had responsibility for the Colo-rado National Guard’s primary mis-sions of national defense and State emergency response. In addition, he was responsible for supporting the mis-sions of the Civil Air Patrol’s Colorado wing. General Edwards received his com-mission in 1973, after graduating from the Air Force Academy, and earned his pilot wings in 1974 at Reese Air Force Base, TX. He served as an F–4 pilot and AT–38 fighter lead-in instructor pilot at Osan Air Base, Korea, and Holloman Air Force Base, NM, respectively. General Edwards joined the Colorado Air National Guard in August 1980. He has served in numerous assignments in flying and operations, as well as com-mand positions at squadron, group, and wing levels—culminating as the adju-tant general for Colorado.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING 77TH ANNUAL PIKES PEAK OR BUST RODEO ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the annual Pikes Peak or Bust Rodeo, an important part of the Western culture and history of the Pikes Peak Region. This year marks the 77th rodeo, making it one of the oldest and most prestigious in the county. The Pikes Peak Region plays a sig-nificant role in our American history. For centuries, this area was home to Native Americans, pioneers, miners, farmers and ranchers, and other explor-ers. The Pikes Peak region became a prime location for trade and, eventu-ally, the home of the ‘‘Pikes Peak or Bust’’ gold rush in 1857. Thousands of prospectors scrambled to the area for their piece of the gold fortune. This area became the pinnacle of the Amer-ican frontier, which spurred develop-ment and innovation. Today community-wide events, in-cluding the Pikes Peak or Bust rodeo, celebrate the adventurous spirit of the Pikes Peak region and its Western her-itage. In addition, the rodeo donates all proceeds to charities that support mili-tary members and their families, such as the Fort Carson Outreach Program and the U.S. Air Force Academy’s Op-eration Warm Heart. Thank you to the Pikes Peak or Bust Rodeo leadership and entire El Paso County community for keeping these longstanding tradi-tions alive.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.009 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3064 May 22, 2017 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of the Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 115. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggra-vating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the vic-tim. H.R. 1039. An act to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant proba-tion officers authority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of official duties. H.R. 1892. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
The message also announced that pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. The message further announced that pursuant to section 4 of the United States Semiquincentennial Commis-sion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–196), the Minority Leader appoints the fol-lowing Members of the House of Rep-resentatives to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Mr. R
OBERT BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. J
OSEPH CROWLEY of New York; And from private life: Mr. Richard Trumka of Rockville, Maryland. The message also announced that pursuant to section 114(b) of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1103), the Minority Leader re-appoints the following Member of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development for a term of 6 years: Ms. T
ERRI A. S EWELL of Alabama. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNEMNT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on May 18, 2017, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 419. An act to require adequate report-ing on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes. S. 583. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes. Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on May 22, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 115. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggra-vating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the vic-tim; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1039. An act to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant proba-tion officers authority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of official duties; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1892. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, May 22, 2017, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 419. An act to require adequate report-ing on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes. S. 583. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1610. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluazinam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9960–50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1611. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flonicamid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9959–91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1612. A communication from the Acting Deputy Secretary of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report of violations of the Antideficiency Act by the Department of Agriculture’s Working Capital Fund, Na-tional Finance Center; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–1613. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral James D. Syring, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1614. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an out-of-cycle Advanced Arrest-ing Gear Selected Acquisition Report (SAR); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1615. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2017 Annual Report to Congress on the Department of De-fense Chemical and Biological Defense Pro-gram’’ ; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–1616. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities), transmitting, pur-suant to law, a correction to the 2017 report on the plan for the nuclear weapons stock-pile, complex, delivery systems, and com-mand and control systems (OSS–2017–0501); to the Committees on Armed Services; For-eign Relations; and Appropriations. EC–1617. A communication from the Execu-tive Vice President and Chief Financial Offi-cer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s 2016 management reports; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1618. A communication from the Acting Director, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Imposition of Special Measure against North Korea as a Jurisdiction of Pri-mary Money Laundering Concern’’ (RIN1506– AB35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–1619. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–1620. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revisions to Emis-sions Banking and Trading Programs and Compliance Flexibility’’ (FRL No. 9960–22– Region 6) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 11, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1621. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Chemical Substances When Manufac-tured or Processed as Nanoscale Materials; TSCA Reporting and Recordkeeping Require-ments’’ ((RIN2070–AK39) (FRL No. 9962–58)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1622. A communication from the Chair-man, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Abnormal Occur-rences: Fiscal Year (FY) 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1623. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifi-cations; Developing a Unified Intercarrier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.005 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3065 May 22, 2017 
Compensation Regime’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 17–36) (WC Docket No. 10–90) (WC Dock-et No. 14–58) (CC Docket No. 01–92)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1624. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0077—2017–0091); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1625. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final prior-ities, requirements, definitions, and selec-tion criteria—Striving Readers Comprehen-sive Literacy (SRCL) Program’’ ((RIN1810– AB25) (Docket No. ED–2015–OESE–0129)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1626. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Sec-ondary Education, Department of Education, transmitting , pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final priorities, require-ments, definitions, and selection criteria— Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy (SRCL) Program’’ ((RIN1810–AB25) (Docket No. ED–2015–OESE–0129)) received in the Of-fice of the President pro tempore of the Sen-ate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1627. A communication from the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Potomac Electric Power Com-pany, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Company’s Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1628. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the six-month period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1629. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Energy’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from October 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1630. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the National Credit Union Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual report of the Inspector Gen-eral for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1631. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General and the Management Response for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1632. A communication from the Acting Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fis-cal year 2016 report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1633. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Com-munity Oriented Policing Services Report on the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–1634. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Non-commercial Educational Station Fund-raising for Third-Party Non-Profit Organiza-tions’’ ((MB Docket No. 12–106) (FCC 17–41)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1635. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; U.S. Navy Training Activities in the Gulf of Alaska Temporary Maritime Activities Area’’ (RIN0648–BE67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1636. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; U.S. Navy Training Activities in the Gulf of Alaska Temporary Maritime Activities Area’’ (RIN0648–BE67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–21. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia urging the United States Congress and the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration to name the NASA IV and V Facil-ity at Fairmont for West Virginia mathe-matician Katherine Coleman Johnson; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 26 Whereas, The NASA Independent Verification and Validation Facility was es-tablished at Fairmont, West Virginia in 1993 as part of an agency-wide strategy to provide the highest achievable levels of safety and cost effectiveness for mission critical soft-ware; and Whereas, The NASA IV & V Facility was founded under the NASA Office of Safety and Mission Assurance (OSMA) as a direct result of recommendations made by the National Research Council (NRC) and the Report of the Presidential Commission on the Space Shuttle Challenger Accident; and Whereas, NASA IV & V Facility has 270 permanent employees and high school and college interns during the summer months and makes an important contribution to the Fairmont, Marion County and West Virginia economies; and Whereas, NASA mathematician Katherine Coleman Goble Johnson was born at White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia in 1918 and graduated from West Virginia State College summa cum laude in 1937 and was the first African American Woman to attend the graduate school at West Virginia University in 1938; and Whereas, Katherine Johnson worked as a mathematician at the Langley Flight Re-search Division from 1953 to 1958 where she was an analyst for such topics as gust allevi-ation for aircraft; and Whereas, Katherine Johnson worked as an aerospace technologist at the Spacecraft Controls Branch from 1958 to 1986 and was in-volved in performing calculations for all the important space missions during this period, including the sub-orbital flight of Alan Shepard, the first orbital flight by John Glenn and the 1969 Apollo 11 moon mission; and Whereas, Katherine Johnson is the subject of a recently released motion picture ‘‘Hid-den Figures’’ that highlights her life and ca-reer. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia: That the Legislature urges Congress and NASA to name the NASA IV & V Facility at Fairmont for West Virginia mathematician Katherine Coleman Johnson; and be it fur-ther, Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Delegates forward a copy of this resolution to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the House of Representatives and to the mem-bers of West Virginia’s congressional delega-tion. POM–22. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia requesting the United States Congress to fully support the National Park Service’s recommendations to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail to include ad-ditional sites along the Expeditions Eastern Legacy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 15 Whereas, The Lewis and Clark Expedition (‘‘Expedition’’) and the Corps of Discovery are nationally significant for their explo-ration of the Louisiana Territory and search for an all water route to the Pacific Ocean. Under orders by President Thomas Jefferson, the Expedition was responsible for mapping the territory explored, as well as docu-menting new species of plants and animals, and engaging with the American Indian tribes they encountered. Although part of the route was unmapped territory, the Lewis and Clark Expedition was able to use maps provided to them by American Indians, Euro-pean explorers, and fur traders. Ultimately, the Expedition was able to link routes and maps together to find passage from St. Louis to the Pacific Ocean, a feat which had never before been accomplished; and Whereas, In order to recognize the historic significance of the Lewis and Clark Expedi-tion, the National Park Service previously designated a trail which runs from Wood River, Illinois to the West Coast in Oregon and Washington; and Whereas, Public Law 110–229, passed by the United States Congress in 2008, authorized the Secretary of the Interior to study addi-tional sites associated with the preparation and return phases of the Expedition, located in Virginia, the District of Columbia, Mary-land, Delaware, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, Indiana, Mis-souri and Illinois. Those sites were to be con-sidered for inclusion in the ‘‘Eastern Leg-acy’’ of the Expedition; and Whereas, The National Park Service evalu-ated 25 distinct route segments used by the Corps of Discovery for the Expedition to de-termine if they met the criteria for national significance established by the National Trails System Act; and Whereas, In August 2016, the National Park Service published its Draft Lewis and Clark National Trail Extension Study, finding that three sections meet the criteria established 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.010 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3066 May 22, 2017 
for inclusion in the Lewis and Clark Na-tional Historic Trail. Those segments in-clude the Ohio River, from Pittsburgh, Penn-sylvania to Louisville, Kentucky, from Lou-isville, Kentucky to the confluence with the Mississippi River, and from the Mississippi River’s confluence with the Ohio River at Cairo, Illinois, to Wood River, Illinois; and Whereas, A portion of the proposed exten-sion of the Lewis and Clark National His-toric Trail includes sites along the Ohio River in West Virginia. The inclusion of this segment along the Lewis and Clark National Trail is not only historically significant and appropriate, but may have a positive eco-nomic impact on those sites. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia: That the Legislature requests Congress to adopt the National Park Service’s rec-ommendations as to the additional segments for inclusion in the Lewis and Clark Na-tional Historic Trail; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House is hereby directed to forward a copy of this res-olution to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the House of Representatives and to the members of West Virginia’s congressional delegation. 
POM–23. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of North Da-kota requesting the United States Congress and the President of the United States to enact legislation to expand and extend the current federal tax credit for carbon capture, utilization, and storage under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code; to provide appro-priations to the United States Department of Energy Sufficient to achieve and sustain a robust carbon capture research, develop-ment, demonstration, and deployment pro-gram; to support the inclusion of economi-cally and environmentally beneficial carbon capture projects in any forthcoming federal infrastructure initiative; to support policies to increase the operational efficiency; and to support the preservation of a fuel-diverse electric generation portfolio critical to our domestic economic, energy, and national se-curity; to the Committee on Finance. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 3037 Whereas, fossil fuels including coal, nat-ural gas, and oil provide more than three- quarters of global and United States’ pri-mary energy demand and, according to the International Energy Agency, will continue to do so for the next quarter-century or more under current energy and environmental policies; and Whereas, recognition of the value and en-during role of fossil fuels as an essential source of energy around the world and in the United States for decades to come has led en-vironmental advocates to support the accel-erated development and broad deployment of carbon capture technologies for fossil fuels as part of a sustainable energy future; and Whereas, recognition of the role carbon capture can play in creating new opportuni-ties for fossil fuels has led fossil energy advo-cates to similarly support the development and deployment of carbon capture tech-nologies for fossil fuels; and Whereas, the United States and North Da-kota have abundant supplies of fossil energy, the production and use of which provide im-portant economic, energy, and national secu-rity benefits to our nation and our state; and Whereas, North Dakota is the nation’s 6th largest producer of fossil energy, 2nd largest producer of oil, 2nd largest producer of lig-nite coal, 11th largest producer of natural gas, the largest consumer of coal for indus-trial use, and the 10th largest consumer of coal for electricity generation; and Whereas, according to the Department of Energy, ‘‘A diverse portfolio of energy re-sources is critical to U.S. energy and na-tional policy . . . being more robust and re-silient in comparison to a system that is heavily dependent on a limited set of energy resources . . . [and] helps insulate the econ-omy from certain risks, including price vola-tility and risks from supply disruptions’’; and Whereas, reliable and affordable electricity is vital to economic growth and job creation in North Dakota and the overall welfare of our citizens; and Whereas, 73 percent of the electricity gen-erated in North Dakota is produced from fos-sil fuels and the average residential price of electricity in North Dakota is the 6th lowest in the nation and is 18 percent below the na-tional average; and Whereas, continued research and develop-ment of carbon reduction strategies for fossil fuels is an essential element of a forward- looking sustainable energy strategy for North Dakota, our nation, and the world which will simultaneously maximize both environmental quality and economic oppor-tunity; and Whereas, the Energy and Environmental Research Center at the University of North Dakota, the Great Plains Synfuels Plant in Beulah, and the Lignite Energy Council are engaged in efforts to address environmental, health, and economic impacts of energy pro-duction and use through collaborations on applied carbon dioxide research, practical applications, workforce development, and public education; and Whereas, legislation was introduced in the 114th Congress to enhance and extend federal tax incentives, under Section 45Q of the In-ternal Revenue Code, which serve to sustain and promote such collaborations and to en-courage private industry in energy genera-tion, manufacturing, and agriculture to adopt and deploy existing and emerging technologies that increase carbon capture, utilization, and storage; and Whereas, the coming together of environ-mental and energy advocates in support of carbon capture is reflected in the groundbreaking coalition of environmental advocacy groups, labor unions, and energy producers from the coal, oil and gas, ethanol, and algae-biomass industries working to-gether in support of federal legislation; and Whereas, similar legislation is now under consideration in the 115th Congress, and Con-gress and the President also are considering enactment of a large-scale federal infrastruc-ture initiative to strengthen our nation’s transportation, public works, and energy in-frastructure that also could serve as a vehi-cle for advancing ‘‘jobs-ready’’ carbon cap-ture projects; and Whereas, according to the Department of Energy, ‘‘A combination of tax incentives and research, development, demonstration, and deployment will be critical to developing transformational carbon capture tech-nologies and to driving down the costs of capture’’. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of North Dakota, the Senate concurring therein, That the Sixty-fifth Legislative Assembly requests Congress and the President of the United States to enact legislation to expand and extend the current federal tax credit for carbon capture, utilization, and storage under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code; to provide appropriations to the United States Department of Energy suffi-cient to achieve and sustain a robust carbon capture research, development, demonstra-tion, and deployment program; to support the inclusion of economically and environ-mentally beneficial carbon capture projects in any forthcoming federal infrastructure initiative; to support policies to increase the operational efficiency, and thereby the envi-ronmental performance, of existing electric- generating units in the United States; and to support the preservation of a fuel-diverse electric generation portfolio critical to our domestic economic, energy, and national se-curity; and be it further Resolved, that the Secretary of State for-ward copies of this resolution by certified mail, return receipt requested, to the Presi-dent of the United States, the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the Secretary of the United States Department of Energy, and to each member of the North Dakota Congressional Delegation. POM–24. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of California relative to Commemoration of the Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915–1923; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 29 Whereas, Armenians have resided in Asia Minor and the Caucasus for approximately four millennia, and have a long and rich his-tory in the region, including the establish-ment of many kingdoms, and despite Arme-nians’ historic presence, stewardship, and autonomy in the region, Turkish rulers of the Ottoman Empire and the Republic of Turkey subjected Armenians to severe and unjust persecution and brutality, including wholesale massacres beginning in the 1890s; and Whereas, The Armenian nation was sub-jected to a systematic and premeditated genocide officially beginning on April 24, 1915, at the hands of the Young Turk Govern-ment of the Ottoman Empire from 1915–1919 and continued at the hands of the Kemalist Movement of Turkey from 1920–1923 whereby over 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and children were slaughtered or marched to their deaths in an effort to annihilate the Armenian nation in the first genocide of modern times, while thousands of surviving Armenian women and children were forcibly converted and Islamized, and hundreds of thousands more were subjected to ethnic cleansing during the period of the modern Republic of Turkey from 1924–1937; and Whereas, During the genocides of the Christians living in the Ottoman Empire and surrounding regions, which occurred during the first one-half of the 20th century, 1.5 mil-lion men, women, and children of Armenian descent, and hundreds of thousands of Assyr-ians, Greeks, and other Christians, lost their lives at the hands of the Ottoman Turkish Empire and the Republic of Turkey, consti-tuting one of the most atrocious violations of human rights in the history of the world; and Whereas, These crimes against humanity also had the consequence of permanently re-moving all traces of the Armenians and other targeted people from their historic homelands of more than four millennia, and enriching the perpetrators with the lands and other property of the victims of these crimes, including the usurpation of several thousand churches; and Whereas, In response to the genocide and at the behest of President Woodrow Wilson and the United States State Department, the Near East Relief organization was founded, and became the first congressionally sanc-tioned American philanthropic effort created exclusively to provide humanitarian assist-ance and rescue to the Armenian nation and other Christian minorities from annihila-tion, who went on to survive and thrive out-side of their ancestral homeland all over the world and specifically in this state; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.017 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3067 May 22, 2017 
Whereas, Near East Relief succeeded, with the active participation of the citizens from this state, in delivering $117 million in as-sistance, and saving more than one million refugees, including 132,000 orphans, between 1915 and 1930, by delivering food, clothing, and materials for shelter, setting up refugee camps, clinics, hospitals, and orphanages; and Whereas, The Armenian nation survived the genocide despite the attempt by the Ottoman Empire to exterminate it; and Whereas, Adolf Hitler, in persuading his army commanders that the merciless perse-cution and killing of Jews, Poles, and other people would bring no retribution, declared, ‘‘Who, after all, speaks today of the annihila-tion of the Armenians?’’; and Whereas, On November 4, 1918, imme-diately after the collapse of the Young Turk regime and before the founding of the Repub-lic of Turkey by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in 1923, the Ottoman Parliament considered a motion on the crimes committed by the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) stating: ‘‘A population of one million people guilty of nothing except belonging to the Ar-menian nation were massacred and exterminated, including even women and children.’’ The Minister of Interior at the time, Fethi Bey, responded by telling the Parliament: ‘‘It is the intention of the gov-ernment to cure every single injustice done up until now, as far as the means allow, to make possible the return to their homes of those sent into exile, and to compensate for their material loss as far as possible’’; and Whereas, On August 1, 1926, in an interview published in the Los Angeles Examiner, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk admitted: ‘‘These left-overs from the former Young Turk Party, who should have been made to ac-count for the lives of millions of our Chris-tian subjects who were ruthlessly driven en masse, from their homes and massacred, have been restive under the Republican rule. They have hitherto lived on plunder, robbery and bribery and become inimical to any idea or suggestion to enlist in useful labor and earn their living by the honest sweat of their brow’’; and Whereas, The Parliamentary Investigative Committee proceeded to collect relevant documents describing the actions of those re-sponsible for the Armenian mass killings and turned them over to the Turkish Military Tribunal. CUP’s leading figures were found guilty of massacring Armenians and hanged or given lengthy prison sentences. The Turk-ish Military Tribunal requested that Ger-many extradite to Turkey the masterminds of the massacres who had fled the country. After German refusal, they were tried in absentia and sentenced to death; and Whereas, Unlike other people and govern-ments that have admitted and denounced the abuses and crimes of predecessor regimes, and despite the Turkish government’s earlier admissions and the overwhelming proof of genocidal intent, the Republic of Turkey inexplicably and adamantly has denied the occurrence of the crimes against humanity committed by the Ottoman and Young Turk rulers for many years, and continues to do so a full century since the first crimes consti-tuting genocide occurred; and Whereas, Those denials compound the grief of the few remaining survivors and deprive the surviving Armenian nation of its indi-vidual and collective ancestral lands, prop-erty, cultural heritage, financial assets, and population growth; and Whereas, The Republic of Turkey has esca-lated its international campaign of Arme-nian Genocide denial, maintained its block-ade of Armenia, and increased its pressure on the small but growing movement in Turkey acknowledging the Armenian Genocide and seeking justice for this systematic campaign of destruction of millions of Armenians, Greeks, Assyrians, and other Christians upon their biblical-era homelands; and Whereas, Those citizens of Turkey, both Armenian and non-Armenian, who continue to speak the truth about the Armenian Genocide, such as human rights activist and journalist Hrant Dink, continue to be si-lenced by violent means; and Whereas, There is continued concern about the welfare of Christians in the Republic of Turkey, their right to worship and practice freely, and the legal status and condition of thousands of ancient Armenian churches, monasteries, cemeteries, and other histor-ical and cultural structures, sites, and antiq-uities in the Republic of Turkey; and Whereas, The United States is on record as having officially recognized the Armenian Genocide in the United States government’s May 28, 1951, written statement to the Inter-national Court of Justice regarding the Res-ervations to the Convention on the Preven-tion and Punishment of the Crime of Geno-cide, through President Ronald Reagan’s April 22, 1981, Proclamation No. 4838, and by congressional legislation including House Joint Resolution 148 adopted on April 9, 1975, and House Joint Resolution 247 adopted on September 12, 1984; and Whereas, Prior to the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, the United States had a record of seeking just and constructive means to ad-dress the consequences of the Ottoman Em-pire’s intentional destruction of the Arme-nian people, including through United States Senate Concurrent Resolution 12 adopted on February 9, 1916, United States Senate Reso-lution 359 adopted on May 11, 1920, and Presi-dent Woodrow Wilson’s November 22, 1920, decision titled, ‘‘The Frontier between Ar-menia and Turkey,’’ which was issued as a binding arbitral award, yet has not been en-forced to this date despite its legally binding status; and Whereas, President Barack Obama entered office ‘‘calling for Turkey’s acknowledgment of the Armenian Genocide’’ and on April 24, 2013, and similarly on April 24, 2014, he fur-ther stated, ‘‘A full, frank, and just acknowl-edgment of the facts is in all of our interests. Peoples and nations grow stronger, and build a more just and tolerant future, by acknowl-edging and reckoning with painful elements of the past’’; and Whereas, California is home to the largest Armenian American population in the United States, and Armenians living in Cali-fornia have enriched our state through their leadership and contribution in business, agri-culture, academia, government, and the arts, many of whom have family members who ex-perienced firsthand the horror and evil of the Armenian Genocide and its ongoing denial; and Whereas, Every person should be made aware and educated about the Armenian Genocide and other crimes against human-ity; and Whereas, The State of California has been at the forefront of encouraging and pro-moting a curriculum relating to human rights and genocide in order to empower fu-ture generations to prevent the recurrence of genocide; and Whereas, April 24, 1915, is globally observed and recognized as the commencement of the Armenian Genocide; and Whereas, Armenians in the State of Cali-fornia and throughout the world have not been provided with justice for the crimes perpetrated against the Armenian nation de-spite the fact that over a century has passed since the crimes were first committed; and Whereas, The Armenian people in the State of California and throughout the world remain resolved and their spirit continues to thrive more than a century after their near annihilation. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate of the State of Cali-fornia, That the Senate hereby designates the year of 2017 as ‘‘State of California Year or Commemoration of the Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915–1923’’ and in doing so, intends, through the enactment of legislation, that the Armenian Genocide is properly commemorated and taught to its citizens and visitors through statewide edu-cational and cultural events; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Senate hereby des-ignates the month of April 2017 as ‘‘State of California Month of Commemoration of the 102nd Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915–1923’’; and be it further Resolved, ’Mat the Senate commends its conscientious educators who teach about human rights and genocide, and intends for them, through the enactment of legislation, to continue to enhance their efforts to edu-cate students at all levels about the experi-ence of the Armenians and other crimes against humanity; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate hereby com-mends the extraordinary service which was delivered by Near East Relief to the sur-vivors of the Armenian Genocide and the As-syrian Genocide, including thousands of di-rect beneficiaries of American philanthropy who are the parents, grandparents, and great-grandparents of many Californian Ar-menians and Assyrians, and pledges its in-tent, through the enactment of legislation, to working with community groups, non-profit organizations, citizens, state per-sonnel, and the community at large to host statewide educational and cultural events; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate deplores the per-sistent, ongoing efforts by any person, in this country or abroad, to deny the histor-ical fact of the Armenian Genocide; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate respectfully calls upon the President and the Congress of the United States to formally and consistently reaffirm the historical truth that the atroc-ities committed against the Armenian peo-ple constituted genocide; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate calls on the President of the United States to work to-ward equitable, constructive, stable, and du-rable Armenian-Turkish relations; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate calls on the President and the Congress of the United States, in all official contacts with Turkish and other world leaders and officials, to em-phasize that Turkey should: (1) End all forms of religious discrimina-tion and persecution. (2) Allow the rightful historical church and lay owners of Christian and other church properties, without hindrance or restriction, to organize and administer prayer services, religious education, clerical training, ap-pointments, and succession, religious com-munity gatherings, social services, including ministry to the needs of the poor and infirm, and other religious activities. (3) Return to their rightful owners all his-torical Christian and other churches and other places of worship, monasteries, schools, hospitals, monuments, relics, holy sites, and other religious properties, includ-ing movable properties, such as artwork, manuscripts, vestments, vessels, and other artifacts. (4) Allow the rightful Christian and other church and lay owners of church properties, without hindrance or restriction, to pre-serve, reconstruct, and repair, as they see fit, all churches and other places of worship, monasteries, schools, hospitals, monuments, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.021 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3068 May 22, 2017 
relics, holy sites, and other religious prop-erties within Turkey; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, to the Governor of California, to every member of the California State Legis-lature, and to the Superintendent of Public Instruction. 
POM–25. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of California urging the President of the United States and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to reaffirm the principles and content of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement policy regarding enforcement actions at or focused on sen-sitive locations; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 22 Whereas, Unfettered and secure public ac-cess to educational institutions, health care facilities, government buildings, community gatherings, courthouses, and places of wor-ship is integral to the basic rights and well- being of all Californians; and Whereas, The mere possibility that immi-gration enforcement activity is taking place at sensitive locations chills the participation in society of immigrants, documented and undocumented alike, as well as their family members, and all who, regardless of their status, may be profiled as immigrants; and Whereas, Despite repeated statements by President Trump that his immigration en-forcement efforts would focus on dangerous criminals, he has directed his administration to vastly expand the scope of those to be de-tained and deported to include nearly all of the three million undocumented immigrants living in California; and Whereas, A child cannot feel safe and se-cure going to daycare, school, or university when immigration enforcement may take place there at any time; and Whereas, The education of California’s youth is of paramount importance and im-pacts us all; and Whereas, A patient, individual feeling ill, or person seeking testing or preventative care cannot feel safe and secure accessing a hospital, clinic, dental office, or other place of medical care when immigration enforce-ment may take place there at any time; and Whereas, The health of every Californian is vitally important and impacts us all; and Whereas, An attorney, litigant, or witness cannot feel safe and secure entering a court-house when immigration enforcement may take place there at any time; and Whereas, Equal justice for all is of the ut-most importance, is constitutionally re-quired, and impacts us all; and Whereas, A person of faith cannot feel safe and secure entering a church, mosque, syna-gogue, temple, or other house of worship when immigration enforcement may take place there at any time; and Whereas, The free exercise of religion is deeply revered and constitutionally required; and Whereas, An individual cannot feel safe and secure openly protesting, speaking at a news conference, attending a rally, going to a public hearing, or approaching a govern-ment building when immigration enforce-ment may take place there at any time; and Whereas, Freedom of expression, freedom of association, and the right to petition the government for redress are critically. impor-tant and constitutionally required for the health of our democracy; and Whereas, On October 24, 2011, John Morton, then Director of the United States Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement (ICE) within the United States Department of Homeland Security, issued a policy memorandum di-recting ICE agents not to conduct immigra-tion enforcement actions at or focused on sensitive locations, such as schools, hos-pitals,: institutions of worship, funerals, weddings, public demonstrations, marches, rallies, and parades, except as authorized; and Whereas, Memoranda released on February 20, 2017, by John Kelly, the current Secretary of Homeland Security, do not contradict and therefore, by their own terms, do not repeal the federal policy limiting immigration en-forcement at sensitive locations; and Whereas, Nonetheless, there have been nu-merous reports since the beginning of Presi-dent Trump’s Administration of ICE agents conducting immigration enforcement arrests in and around those specific sensitive loca-tions; and Whereas, On February 8, 2017, ICE agents arrested a group of people emerging from a Virginia church basement that was oper-ating as a hypothermia shelter for the home-less; and Whereas, On February 9, 2017, security cameras captured video of ICE agents enter-ing a Texas family law courthouse and de-taining a domestic violence survivor who was there to obtain a restraining order. In a sworn court statement, the ICE agents indi-cated that they encountered the woman out-side the courthouse; and Whereas, On February 22, 2017, ICE agents entered a Texas hospital and detained for a second time a 26-year-old mother of two who had been diagnosed with a brain tumor just 11 days prior, and tied her at the hands and feet; and Whereas, On March 1, 2017, ICE agents de-tained a 22-year-old woman who was pre-viously registered with the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, mo-ments after she had publicly spoken about immigration policy at a press conference outside the city hall located in Jackson, Mis-sissippi; and Whereas, The Trump administration has justified its vast expansion of those targeted for deportation by falsely portraying the United States as a country under siege by a flood of undocumented immigrants who threaten public safety, giving rise to anti- immigrant fervor and a nativist desire to preserve our nation’s historically dominant Euro-Christian culture. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate of the State of Cali-fornia, That the Senate calls upon President Trump and Secretary Kelly to publicly and explicitly reaffirm the principles and con-tent of the ICE policy memorandum dated October 24, 2011, regarding enforcement ac-tions at or focused on sensitive locations; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate calls upon Sec-retary Kelly to underscore to the public and to all United States Department of Home-land Security personnel that the policy on sensitive locations is not limited to enforce-ment at the sensitive location, but also to enforcement focused on sensitive locations, and that in other words, waiting across the street from a church or school for people to emerge from the sensitive location violates the policy as much as entering the location itself, as does following someone away from a press conference or other sensitive location so as to detain them; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate calls upon Sec-retary Kelly to take affirmative steps, in-cluding public commitment to the sensitive locations policy, staff training, investigation or reports of past and future violations of the policy, including, but not limited to, in-vestigating the incidents detailed in this res-olution, and pursuing disciplinary action against personnel found to have violated the policy; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, the Minority Leader of the United States Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. POM–26. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to create a reliable, predictable stream of re-sources to address deferred maintenance needs in the National Park System and to designate April 15, 2017, through April 23, 2017, as ‘‘National Park Week’’ in Louisiana; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 30 Whereas, on August 25, 1916, Congress es-tablished the National Park Service with the mission to preserve unimpaired natural and cultural resources and values of the National Park System for the enjoyment, education, and inspiration of current and future genera-tions; and Whereas, in 2017, the National Park Serv-ice began its second century of stewardship of the National Park System after the 2016 National Park Service Centennial, which celebrated one hundred years of the work of the National Park Service to protect and manage majestic landscapes such as Barataria Preserve, hallowed battlefields such as Chalmette Battlefield, and iconic cultural and historical sites of the United States such as Poverty Point and the Cane River National Heritage Area; and Whereas, the National Park Service’s em-ployees, volunteers, and park supporters con-tinue to dedicate themselves to serving the parks’ national and international visitors and to maintaining and improving the na-tional parks for all to enjoy; and Whereas, the national parks of the United States attracted record-breaking visitation during the National Park Service Centen-nial, with three hundred thirty-one million recreational visits in 2016; and Whereas, in 2015, National Park Service es-timates indicate that park visitors spent more than sixteen billion nine hundred mil-lion dollars at the sites and in the states and local communities adjacent to national parks; and Whereas, in 2015, National Park Service es-timates indicate that park visitors spent more than twenty-eight million dollars at the sites in and local communities adjacent to Louisiana’s national parks; and Whereas, in 2016, the National Park Serv-ice estimated a deferred maintenance back-log of nearly twelve billion dollars, which in-cludes repairs to aging historical structures, trails, sewers, drainage, thousands of miles of roads, bridges, tunnels, and other vital in-frastructure needs; and Whereas, in 2016, the National Park Serv-ice estimated a deferred maintenance back-log of over fifteen million dollars in Louisi-ana’s national parks, which includes repairs to aging historical structures, trails, sewers, drainage, thousands of miles of roads, bridges, tunnels, and other vital infrastruc-ture needs; and Whereas, it has been found that every pub-lic dollar invested in the National Park Service returns ten dollars because of visitor spending that works through local, state, and national economies; and Whereas, the people of the United States have inherited the remarkable legacy of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.021 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3069 May 22, 2017 
National Park System and are entrusted with its preservation as the United States marks the beginning of the second century of the National Park System. Now, therefore, be it Resolved that the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the Congress of the United States to create a reliable, predict-able stream of resources to address deferred maintenance needs in America’s National Park System; and be it further Resolved that the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby designate April 15, 2017, through April 23, 2017, as ‘‘National Park Week’’ in Louisiana and encourages the people of the United States and the world to visit and ex-perience the treasured national parks of the state of Louisiana; and be it further Resolved that a copy of this Resolution shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–27. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Louisiana recognizing Wednesday, April 26, 2017, as the fifth annual Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Day at the state capitol and express support of the Lou-isiana Energy Export Association, LNG ex-ports, and the streamlining and expedition of permit approval for pending export facilities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 44 Whereas, plentiful natural gas supplies and unprecedented advances in technology have provided a historic opportunity for the United States to achieve energy self-suffi-ciency while creating jobs and wealth for our economy; and Whereas, pioneering exploration and ex-traction methods have opened such vast nat-ural gas resources to development in areas, such as the Haynesville Shale, that demand on United States natural gas markets can grow with little impact on domestic prices; and Whereas, the Department of Energy esti-mates domestic natural gas production lev-els will increase by over 50% by 2050; and Whereas, global demand for liquefied nat-ural gas is expected to grow significantly over the next two decades, with Louisiana poised to play a major role in meeting such demand; and Whereas, expanding markets for United States natural gas is consistent with na-tional trade and security policy, because failure to expand liquefied natural gas ex-ports would force our allies to continue to rely on regimes that are hostile to United States interests for their energy needs; and Whereas, over 100 cargoes of LNG have al-ready departed for international markets from Louisiana facilities; and Whereas, continued growth in liquefied natural gas exports will create tens of thou-sands of construction and operations jobs in Louisiana; and Whereas, the Louisiana Energy Export As-sociation was formed in 2017 as a nonprofit grassroots organization to serve as a uni-fying voice for Louisiana’s LNG exporters with the mission of supporting the exports of natural gas and educating public and policy leaders of the economic benefits LNG ex-ports will bring to the United States; and Whereas, Louisiana Energy Export Asso-ciation member companies plan to invest over $60 billion in Louisiana over the next decade, creating over 20,000 jobs, economic opportunity, and expanding the Louisiana tax base; and Whereas, liquefied natural gas exports would provide incentives for new infrastruc-ture investments worth billions of dollars and generate royalties and local tax reve-nues directly in communities across the state; and Whereas, a diverse coalition of Louisiana LNG producers, energy and petroleum com-panies, business groups, service companies, and others have expressed their support for LNG exports. Now, therefore, be it Resolved, that the Senate of the Legisla-ture of Louisiana does hereby recognize Wednesday, April 26, 2017, as the fifth annual Liquefied Natural Gas Day at the state cap-itol and express support of the Louisiana En-ergy Export Association, LNG exports, and the streamlining and expedition of permit approval for pending export facilities so that the economic benefits of LNG exports can be magnified throughout the state of Louisiana, as well as the United States; and be it fur-ther Resolved that a copy of this Resolution shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. POM–28. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to elimi-nate the ‘‘widows’ tax’’ on the surviving spouses of retired U.S. military service mem-bers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 50 Whereas, Retired military service members may participate in the Survivor Benefit Pro-gram. The Survivor Benefit Program is an optional annuity designed to provide a life-time monthly benefit to the surviving spouse of a service member. The annuity payments offset pan of the retirement income lost as a result of the service member’s death. The an-nuity’s premium is paid by the retired serv-ice member through a deduction from their monthly retirement benefit check; and Whereas, The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs provides a tax-free monthly benefit to the surviving spouses of eligible military service members who died as a result of serv-ice-related injuries or diseases. The Depend-ency and Indemnity Compensation program’s earned benefit expresses a measure of thanks from a grateful nation to a fallen soldier’s family. Benefits start with a standard monthly allowance for the surviving spouse and additional benefits are provided under certain circumstances; and Whereas, Under federal law, a surviving spouse is punished for having both a paid an-nuity and earned indemnity benefits. When a surviving spouse of a military retiree is eli-gible to receive a monthly annuity payment through the Survivor Benefit Program and has been awarded a monthly benefit through the Dependency and Indemnity Compensa-tion program, the retirement annuity is off-set dollar-for-dollar by the amount of bene-fits received because of their service-related death. This offset is commonly referred to throughout the veterans’ community as the ‘‘widows’ tax’’ and can cause $14,580 a year or more in reduced payments to beneficiaries; and Whereas, The indemnity compensation should be in addition to the retirement an-nuity rather than in place of it. The ration-ale and qualifications for these two programs are wholly different. The Survivor Benefit Program is a personal financial decision made by a military retiree to provide some degree of financial security to their sur-viving spouse while the Veterans Affairs in-demnity program is an earned benefit award-ed following a service-connected death. The Survivor Benefit Program’s mandated pre-mium payments set it apart from the indem-nity program’s survivor benefits, and the government should not be taking the annu-ity benefits bought by service members for their families. Congress should ensure that the families who have given so much in the service of their country receive all of their military survivor benefits and retirement annuities. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives, That we urge the Congress of the United States to eliminate the ‘‘widows’ tax’’ on the surviving spouses of retired U.S. military service members; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 39. A bill to extend the Federal recogni-tion to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa In-dians of Montana, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–75). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 1190. A bill to extend the waiver of limi-tations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrongfully in-carcerated individuals; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 1191. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to refine how Medicare pays for orthotics and prosthetics and to im-prove beneficiary experience and outcomes with orthotic and prosthetic care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 1192. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for pro-rated charges to entitlement to educational assistance under Department of Veterans Affairs Post- 9/11 Educational Assistance Program for cer-tain licensure and certification tests and na-tional tests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 1193. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for em-ployer-provided job training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 1194. A bill to provide for the coverage of medically necessary food and vitamins for digestive and inherited metabolic disorders under Federal health programs and private health insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. PORTMAN: S. 1195. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.026 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3070 May 22, 2017 
COTTON , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1196. A bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile defense system of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 1197. A bill to waive the 24-month wait-ing period for Medicare eligibility for indi-viduals disabled by Huntington’s disease; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1198. A bill to protect individuals who are eligible for increase pension under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attendance from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 1199. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Border Enforcement Security Task Force program within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 1200. A bill to require that certain pre-vailing wage determinations be made using representative statistical sample techniques; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 1201. A bill to allow individuals living in areas without qualified health plans offered through an Exchange to have similar access to health insurance coverage as members of Congress and congressional staff; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. Res. 175. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the commissioned offi-cer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration; considered and agreed to. By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. E NZI, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. C RUZ): S. Con. Res. 17. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should withdraw from the Paris Agreement, adopted in December 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 122, a bill to prevent homeowners from being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mortgage loan debt. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 170, a bill to provide for nonpreemption of measures by State and local govern-ments to divest from entities that en-gage in commerce-related or invest-ment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. S. 319 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 319, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to estab-lish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 446 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 446, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms. 
S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 516 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 516, a bill to provide grants to assist States in developing and implementing plans to address cybersecurity threats or vulnerabilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. STABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 524, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to make per-manent certain provisions of the Heartland, Habitat, Harvest, and Horti-culture Act of 2008 relating to timber. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 597 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 597, a bill to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safety officers, and for other purposes. 
S. 622 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 622, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 654, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nurs-ing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to pro-mote education and research in pallia-tive care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 712 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 712, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.012 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3071 May 22, 2017 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 766, a bill to amend titles 10 and 32, United States Code, to im-prove and enhance authorities relating to the employment, use, status, and benefits of military technicians (dual status), and for other purposes. 
S. 782 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 782, a bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Internet Crimes Against Chil-dren Task Force Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 808, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 816 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 816, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow rollovers from 529 programs to ABLE accounts. 
S. 817 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 817, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the age requirement with re-spect to eligibility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 818 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 818, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals with disabilities to save ad-ditional amounts in their ABLE ac-counts above the current annual max-imum contribution if they work and earn income. 
S. 829 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 829, a bill to reauthorize the Assistance to Firefighters Grants pro-gram, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Re-sponse grant program, and for other purposes. S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Gov-ernment pension offset and windfall elimination provisions. 
S. 916 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 916, a bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with regard to the provi-sion of emergency medical services. 
S. 936 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 936, a bill to designate certain National Forest System land and cer-tain public land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilder-ness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recovery areas, and biological con-necting corridors, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 937 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 937, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a refundable adoption tax credit. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for pay-ments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare program. 
S. 1094 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Geor-gia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1094, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1122 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1122, a bill to amend the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 to clarify when the time period for the issuance of citations under such Act begins and to require a rule to clarify that an employer’s duty to make and maintain accurate records of work-re-lated injuries and illnesses is an ongo-ing obligation. 
S. 1132 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. COONS ) and the Senator from Alas-ka (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1132, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equip-ment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices. 
S. 1134 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1134, a bill to protect law en-forcement officers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1136, a bill to improve the structure of the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1154 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1154, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to provide for the housing treat-ment of members of the Armed Forces and their spouses and dependents un-dergoing a permanent change of sta-tion in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1155 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1155, a bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to increase the amount of fi-nancial support available for working students. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and inter-national security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to such cri-ses. 
S. RES. 70 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 70, a resolution recog-nizing the 75th anniversary of Execu-tive Order 9066 and expressing the sense of the Senate that policies that dis-criminate against any individual based on the actual or perceived race, eth-nicity, national origin, or religion of that individual would be a repetition of the mistakes of Executive Order 9066 and contrary to the values of the United States. 
S. RES. 162 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Missouri 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.013 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3072 May 22, 2017 
(Mr. B LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 162, a resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promoting religious freedom, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 1190. A bill to extend the waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrongfully incarcerated individuals; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1190 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITA-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUD-ING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCAR-CERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Pro-tecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 304(d) of such Act (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘application of this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘application of this section’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 304 of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 175—RECOG-NIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS OF THE NATIONAL OCE-ANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-ISTRATION Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 175 Whereas, on May 22, 1917, the forerunner to the commissioned officer corps of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NOAA Corps’’) was created as the commis-sioned corps of the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey in order to provide officers to command coastal survey ships and field survey parties locally and abroad; Whereas the heritage of the NOAA Corps is closely tied to the oldest scientific and tech-nical agency of the United States, the Sur-vey of the Coast, which was established by President Thomas Jefferson and Congress in 1807; Whereas, on October 3, 1970, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration was established and the officers of that agen-cy became members of the NOAA Corps; Whereas, for the past 100 years, the central mission of the NOAA Corps and its prede-cessor has been to collect data at sea or in the air to enable decisions that have a great impact on the United States; Whereas, since 1960, officers of the NOAA Corps and their predecessors have flown into 292 tropical cyclones, risking their lives to advance the science needed to save lives and livelihoods along the coastal communities of the United States; Whereas, whatever the mission, the United States turns to the NOAA Corps for environ-mental leadership; Whereas the motto of ‘‘Honor, Respect, Commitment’’ is the creed by which NOAA Corps officers live and serve; and Whereas, regardless of the cause, location, or magnitude of a future hurricane, the United States can rely on the NOAA Corps to fly into the storm to carry out the missions entrusted to the NOAA Corps: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses the appreciation of the people of the United States to the commissioned of-ficer corps of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration (referred to in this resolving clause as the ‘‘NOAA Corps’’), and the officers who have served in the NOAA Corps, for 100 years of dedicated serv-ice; (2) honors the valor, commitment, and sac-rifice that officers of the NOAA Corps have displayed throughout the history of the NOAA Corps; and (3) respectfully requests that the President issue a proclamation that— (A) recognizes the 100th anniversary of the NOAA Corps and the dedicated service of the officers who have served in the NOAA Corps; and (B) calls upon the people of the United States to observe that anniversary with ap-propriate ceremonies and activities. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 17—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE UNITED STATES SHOULD WITH-DRAW FROM THE PARIS AGREE-MENT, ADOPTED IN DECEMBER 2015 Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. E NZI, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 17 Whereas the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (in this reso-lution referred to as the ‘‘Convention’’), adopted in May 1992, entered into force in 1994 and is being implemented; Whereas the Paris Agreement, adopted in December 2015, is another attempt by the Convention’s ‘‘Conference of Parties’’ to globally address climate change, similar to the Kyoto Protocol, the Durban Platform, the Copenhagen Accord, and the Cancun Agreements, all of which have failed to meaningfully slow global carbon emissions; Whereas the Paris Agreement fails to con-sider adequately economies that would be negatively impacted by measures to respond to climate change, including those found within the United States, as addressed in Ar-ticle 4, Paragraph 10 of the Convention; Whereas the Paris Agreement has not been submitted to the United States Senate for review and ratification; Whereas the Paris Agreement could result in serious harm to the United States econ-omy, including significant job loss, increased energy and consumer costs, risks to grid reli-ability, or any combination thereof; Whereas, by using the free market, the United States has significantly reduced car-bon dioxide emissions to the lowest they have been in 15 years, and the United States energy-related carbon dioxide emissions are projected to remain below 2005 levels through 2040, while such emissions in the de-veloping world are projected to grow to 120 percent above 2005 levels by 2040; Whereas the People’s Republic of China is the world’s largest emitter of carbon dioxide and, in accordance with the 2014 agreement with the United States entered into during the Barack Obama presidency, intends to in-crease its coal consumption until 2030; Whereas the Republic of India announced that, notwithstanding the Paris Agreement, it will continue its reliance on coal and plans to double the nation’s coal output within the next 5 years; Whereas, according to an October 2015 MIT Technology Review report, increased coal consumption in the Republic of India will ne-gate any global efforts to limit carbon diox-ide, regardless of anything that the United States does to decrease its emissions; and Whereas the emissions reduction goals of the Paris Agreement cannot be met without the global development and deployment of new technologies that are not currently in commercial existence or economically via-ble: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that the United States should withdraw from the Paris Agreement, adopted in December 2015. f APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 107–252, Title II, Section 214, appoints the following individual to the Election Assistance Board of Ad-visors: Lawrence Norden of New York. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 156. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 156) recognizing Na-tional Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster- care system. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 156) was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY6.014 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3073 May 22, 2017 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 4, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS OF THE NA-TIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-PHERIC ADMINISTRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 175, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 175) recognizing the 100th anniversary of the commissioned offi-cer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 175) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 23, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to resume consideration of the Sullivan nomination, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided in the usual form; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that if cloture is in-voked, all time during morning busi-ness, leader remarks, recess, and ad-journment count postcloture on the Sullivan nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. f 
CONFIRMATION OF TERRY BRANSTAD Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition, understanding that the vote has been taken but wanting to speak on the record about the nomina-tion of Governor Terry Branstad to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China. This is a critical diplomatic post today, perhaps more than at any time in our history. It has certainly been in-creasingly important through every ad-ministration as China’s expansionist views of the world grow, as China’s economy becomes more and more dom-inant in East Asia, and as China, by not playing fair on economic issues, has caused, with the acquiescence of many, many American companies, far too many jobs to move there. We have seen sort of a new business model for American business that has been around now for a quarter of a cen-tury—something that economic history never showed us before—where compa-nies shut down in places like Willowick or Toledo or Dayton or Springfield, OH, and move overseas. They are getting tax breaks to do it. They build plants there and sell those products back into Ohio or into Oklahoma or into the United States in the other 48 States. Unfortunately, China has been part of that, while U.S. companies have acted, in many cases, irresponsibly, and China has played into it. We have serious issues with China, from their currency manipulation to trade cheating that hurts the Amer-ican steel industry to their dismal, documented record on human rights and religious freedom. On all of these fronts, we need to take a firm position with China. We need an ambassador who will advocate for American work-ers, for American businesses, and, yes, for American values. I don’t believe Governor Branstad will be that ambas-sador. When it comes to putting American workers first, Governor Branstad’s record, frankly, is appalling. How can he advocate for American workers and for expanding the rights of working people around the world when he fought against it at home in his home State of Iowa? As Governor, Terry Branstad waged war on collective bar-gaining rights. He recently signed leg-islation that takes away the right of public employees to bargain for fair wages and for healthcare rights that they have guaranteed for 45 years— rights that were enshrined by a law signed by a former Republican Gov-ernor. When the State Department meas-ures labor rights in countries around the world, they look at whether a country’s laws allow workers to orga-nize and engage in collective bar-gaining. China’s results have always been poor. They have been criticized for deplorable working conditions. How can our country—how can the United States—lead by example when it comes to ensuring that hard work pays off when the man representing us in Bei-jing, when the man representing us at the negotiating table is taking away workers’ rights in our own country? Don’t think for a moment that the Chi-nese will not remind the American Am-bassador of what he has done with workers’ rights in his home State, as we perhaps argue—it is unclear if we will now, but perhaps we will argue— for expanding workers’ rights in China. I appreciate the questions for the record that Senator C
ARDIN submitted to Governor Branstad. Unfortunately, his answers were vague and did nothing to address the serious concerns that many of us have. The President made a lot of cam-paign promises when it comes to stand-ing up to China. I have been clear since the days after the election, when I called the President-elect’s transition team, and in conversations since then with President Trump and with the U.S. Trade Representative, Ambas-sador Lighthizer, that I want to work with them on that—with the President and with the U.S. Trade Representa-tive. After his meeting with Chinese Presi-dent Xi, I sent a letter to President Trump outlining steps he should take for fighting for American workers, par-ticularly in the steel industry, in his 100-day plan on trade. But the person negotiating that 100-day plan needs to have America’s workers first in their mind. Governor Branstad has made it clear that multinational corporations, not ordinary American workers—not people in Youngstown, Warren, Steu-benville, and Columbus—will have his ear. We can see corporate fingerprints on these trade agreements. Rarely do we see workers at the table advocating for workers’ rights. We only see trade pol-icy that reflects the interests of large corporations. Those corporations then use these trade policies to outsource jobs around the world. It is not just workers’ rights where China falls woefully short and where we need to take a tough stand. China’s record on human rights and religious freedom is unacceptable. Our Ambas-sador needs to make that clear. When U.S. officials represent us in the world, they must not only be advocates for our business interests—they should be that, to be sure—but they must also be critical advocates on behalf of workers and on behalf of the Nation’s values— values like freedom of speech, freedom to organize, and the freedom to chal-lenge powerful special interests. These are values that go to the core of who we are as the American people. But, again, Governor Branstad has not led by example. He has waged war on wom-en’s access to healthcare. Just this week, Planned Parenthood announced that they will be forced to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22MY6.023 S22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3074 May 22, 2017 
shut down four Iowa health clinics be-cause of the law signed by Governor Branstad that blocked its funding. These clinics served 15,000 patients over the past 3 years—not providing abortions. The great majority of these 15,000 patients got primary care, pre-ventive care, contraceptive coverage— all the things that women in every community in this country demand. Many live in rural areas. Many have nowhere else to turn for care. Now, where do all of these women go for can-cer screenings, diabetes screenings, and other preventive care? Yet Governor Branstad has signed legislation taking it away, forcing the shutdown of these clinics. Access to healthcare is a basic right in this country, and it should be in all 50 States. We need to take care of American patients and American work-ers and set an example for the world. Our diplomats must be that example. But, instead, we now have a man at the negotiating table who again and again and again has proven that he wants to turn back the clock on healthcare and on workers’ rights. We need an ambassador with a record of championing American values. Only then can we be confident that he will stand up to China and put Ohio work-ers and American workers first. Frank-ly, I question Governor Branstad’s abil-ity to be that ambassador—to rep-resent the people of this great country in the People’s Republic of China. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:16 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 23, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
KEVIN K. MCALEENAN, OF HAWAII, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION, DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE R. GIL KERLIKOWSKE. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) DANIEL J. MACDONNELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) DANIEL B. HENDRICKSON REAR ADM. (LH) THOMAS W. MAROTTA REAR ADM. (LH) MATTHEW A. ZIRKLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JACQUELYN MCCLELLAND THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JAMES M. BUTLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EUGENE A. BURCHER CAPT. RODNEY P. DEWALT CAPT. JOEY B. DODGEN CAPT. ANDREW J. MUELLER CAPT. RICHARD A. RODRIGUEZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) KEITH M. JONES 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JERED N. FRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER R. BONEY DANIEL D. REYES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JEFFREY A. GARRETT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ROGER A. LEE 
To be major 
JEFFREY R. ROSENBERRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
THEADORE L. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JASON S. CROSS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
PAUL D. MELVEY ALEXANDER WOLDEMARIAM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
WILLIAM J. BAILEY, JR. MARK D. BAKER DELNISEA M. BROADNAX MATTHEW HAWKINS COLIN A. KISOR RAGHAV KOTVAL ELLEN L. MCCURDY CARL S. MCGUIRE BRIAN L. MIZER MATTHEW J. RINKA JENNIFER STRAZZA CARMEL T. TOMLINSON CHRISTOPHER D. TUCKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
GINA A. BUONO DIONNE R. GAY DEAN T. GIACOBBE LIONEL N. JACOB ROBERT C. JACOBY BILLY R. LEDBETTER, JR. JEFFREY A. LOWELL STEVEN T. OLIVE TOBIAS A. PAIVA WILLIAM D. PEFFLEY MARK D. PRICE WENDY E. SCHOFER MICHAEL J. SEBESTA ROY E. SEITZ LYNNE M. STERNI MARK A. STOWERS ROSEMARIE C. TAN MICHAEL J. THORNTON JOSHUA M. TOBIN FRANK J. VILLAMARIA SANDRA F. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be captain 
DAVID J. ALLEN DARRYL L. JONES ROBERT T. REEVES ERIC F. SCHOENEBECK RYAN C. STARKEY TRACIE M. ZIELINSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DAVID M. BUZZETTI BRIAN D. FOOR ERIC G. MONOSTORI GABY M. SALIB ERIC R. VETTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DAVID E. BAILEY RUFUS E. CAYETANO DENNIS E. COLLINS LEO C. CREGER MICHAEL S. FLATLEY MATTHEW B. HALL DONNA M. JENKINS ORLANDO R. LORIE DARIN E. PERRINE MICHAEL D. REINERS CHRISTOPHER J. STEWART THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JOHN R. ADAMS CYRIL R. CARANDANG STEPHEN C. DAKIN KEITH A. GARTNER JOHN J. JAROS PATRICK B. UPSHAW DOUGLAS B. WHIMPEY MARY C. WISE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
SEAN A. COX THOMAS K. FRIZZELL, JR. CHRISTOPHER S. FRONK RENE P. LAWSON PETER K. MUSCHINSKE DAVID L. OTTEN LUIS A. PEREZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
ELIZABETH W. BUNDT DENISE H. GIVENS MONTY D. JENNINGS MARCI R. LUCAS KELLY A. MATUCZINSKI ABBY L. ODONNELL DAGOBERTO PEREZ MATTHEW C. RIDDER CYNTHIA D. SECREST JON SKELTON NICOLE M. STRATHEARN DANIEL TRIGGS MICHAEL G. WATSON 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 22, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
TERRY BRANSTAD, OF IOWA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Aug 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\MAY\S22MY7.REC S22MY7
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE687 May 22, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN C. COOPER 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Brian C. Cooper, who is retir-ing from the Office of the Parliamentarian after 35 years on Capitol Hill. Brian is the son of Dolores and Ellsworth Cooper, and the youngest of seven children. He is a native of Baltimore, Maryland, and has lived in the city (in the same house he grew up in) for his entire life. Brian is a graduate of Frederick Douglass High School, whose nota-ble alumni include the Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. Brian received a scholar-ship to the Community College of Baltimore (now Baltimore City Community College), where he received his degree in commercial and graphic arts. Brian’s first job on Capitol Hill came in Sep-tember of 1982, when he was hired in the stock room of the Longworth Building, working in Publication and Distribution Services. Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s, Brian held a variety of positions on Capitol Hill, in-cluding work at the House Post Office and Document Room, before moving up to be-come staff assistant for the Small Business Committee and later the Government Oper-ations Committee. In these roles, Brian learned the intricacies of the legislative proc-ess and the inner workings of House oper-ations—skills that would serve him well when, in 1995, he was hired as an Assistant Clerk to the Parliamentarian. Brian would spend the next 22 years in the House Parliamentarian’s Office, and became Chief Clerk to the Parliamentarian in 2009. For over two decades, Brian has been a fixture at the House rostrum, dutifully assisting the pre-siding officer in timekeeping, recognizing Members on the floor, and preparing and re-viewing reams of legislative paperwork for the House. Brian has also prepared the House for joint meetings to receive foreign dignitaries and other guests, and joint sessions of the House, including state of the Union addresses. As clerk, Brian also supervised House ‘‘docu-mentarian’’ pages, and created the first com-puter network for the Parliamentarian. An accomplished artist, Brian remains active in his artistic endeavors, which run the gamut from pencil drawings, watercolors, and oils, to photography, and architectural design. His re-tirement will offer new opportunities to con-tinue these pursuits. His other retirement plans include travel and spending more time with family—including his numerous nieces and nephews. A devoted Baltimore sports fan, Brian will surely find his way to Camden Yards many times in the upcoming years to cheer on his beloved Orioles. A consummate professional, Brian has spent his career on Capitol Hill committed to assisting with an orderly and accurate legisla-tive process, observed in a fair and non-partisan manner. Brian is a quintessential in-stitutionalist, always striving to continue the traditions and customs of the House, and to pass on his institutional knowledge to others. The House of Representatives has known few individuals more dedicated to its proper func-tioning and legacy than Brian Cooper. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2017 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FREDERICKSBURG, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE SIXTH AN-NUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 11 Fredericksburg, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Air Force after graduation. These students have excelled in their aca-demic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Air Force: Ashford, Jasmine; Beaty, Carter; Bratcher, Constance; Burton, Meghan; Erikson, Evan; Evertz, Kayla; Hibbs, Richard; Malpica, Alexis; Mathews, Adam; Papapetrou, Alexander; Smith, Christopher. These students will be honored by the Greater Fredericksburg Chapter of Our Com-munity Salutes at their 6th Annual Military En-listee Recognition Ceremony on Saturday, June 3, 2017 at the University of Mary Wash-ington in Fredericksburg, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
f 
THE HOLY SEE 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the spe-cial diplomatic relationship between the United States and the Holy See. As a non-hegemonic sovereign, the Holy See plays a unique role in world affairs through its use of the soft power diplomacy through moral persuasion that only it can exert. This gives the Holy See unparalleled in-fluence in diplomacy and as a mediator in international disputes. The United States and the Holy See have complemented each other in the past in com-batting extremist ideologies, such as Nazism and communism, and on promoting human rights. From 2005–2008, I witnessed this first- hand as United States Ambassador to the Holy See. President Bush and Pope Benedict XVI worked together on combatting human trafficking, AIDS in Africa, promoting religious freedom and in denouncing radical Islamic ex-tremism. The strength of this relationship depends on how highly each president views the Holy See’s soft power in world affairs. President Trump’s choice to visit the Vatican on his first overseas trip is a good step toward a close re-lationship between the United States and the Holy See going forward. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TAYLOR AUXILIARY POLICE DEPART-MENT FOR THEIR WORK PRO-TECTING THE CITY OF TAYLOR 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Taylor Auxiliary Police Depart-ment for their work protecting the City of Tay-lor and its residents. The auxiliary plays a crit-ical role in protecting the city and supporting the work of the Taylor Police Department with individuals from all walks of life. Established in 1962 as a volunteer civil de-fense organization to assist the Taylor Police Department, the Taylor Auxiliary Police play a key role in safeguarding the public. In addition to helping the full-time police department staff community events like high school sports events and assisting with regular police pa-trols, the auxiliary police also serve as a re-serve force to assist the City of Taylor in the event of a disaster or emergency situation. Additionally, the auxiliary has partnered with the city to further crime prevention initiatives, including Taylor on Watch, an education and outreach program that shares best practices for neighborhood and community safety. These initiatives have helped make Taylor a safe city to live and work. The Taylor Police Auxiliary is critical to safe-guarding the city from crime and other threats. Each member of the auxiliary is well trained and credentialed, and the approximately 45 of-ficers provide thousands of hours of annual community service and protection to the city and its residents. In the past, the Taylor Auxil-iary Police have helped provide traffic control during a visit by President Obama, as well as helping secure the annual Taylor Summer Festival and other community gatherings. These individuals perform the critical work of ensuring that the residents of Taylor remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.001 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE688 May 22, 2017 
safe at great personal risk, and it is my hope that the Taylor Police Auxiliary continues to build on its legacy of success. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Taylor Auxiliary Police Depart-ment for its public safety and service to the City of Taylor. The auxiliary volunteers have helped make the community safe through their work and activism. 
f 
HONORING THE 27TH ANNUAL D.C. BLACK PRIDE CELEBRATION 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Ms. NORTON, Mr. Speaker, this Memorial Day Week, May 22nd to 29th, Washington, D.C. celebrates ‘‘The Ties that Bind: Twenty- Seven Years of D.C. Black Pride!’’—the theme of the 27th annual D.C. Black Pride. This multi-day festival begins on May 23rd at the Human Rights Campaign with the 2017 D.C. Black Pride Awards Reception. We con-gratulate Countess Clarke Cooper and Daryl Wilson, recipients of the Welmore Cook Award; Check It Enterprises, recognized with the Leadership Award; Unsung Heroes Sa-Vanna Wanzer and Shannon Garcon; Aaron Bryant, winner of the President’s Award; and Maurice David Parker, the Charlotte Smallwood Volunteer of the Year for 2017. Black Pride continues through Memorial Day with community town halls; educational and interfaith workshops; a poetry slam hosted by Mary Brown; a film festival; an interfaith wor-ship service; and social events, including speed dating, breakfast, brunch, dinner and happy hours. The Black Pride parties range from Super to Grand; Mega to Ultimate; Picnic to Pool; and Purposeful to Epic. Performances by musicians, dancers, and artists enliven the festival. Sunday, the festival’s penultimate day, features its main event, a Cultural Arts and Wellness Exposition and Epic Live, at the Wal-ter E. Washington Convention Center. Black Pride culminates with a traditional Memorial Day picnic, the ‘‘Us Helping Us Annual Picnic in the Park’’ at Fort Lincoln Park and con-cludes with evening parties thereafter. The D.C. Black Pride festival began during my freshman year in Congress, Sunday, May 26, 1991, at Banneker Field on Georgia Ave-nue across the street from Howard University. I have watched it mature from an ad hoc event to what is now widely considered to be one of the world’s preeminent Black Pride celebrations. It now draws more than 30,000 participants from the United States, Africa, Eu-rope, and the Americas to our nation’s capital. D.C. Black Pride fostered the beginning of the Center for Black Equity (formerly known as the International Federation of Black Prides, Inc.) and the ‘‘Black Pride Movement,’’ which now consists of 40 Black Prides on four con-tinents. I commend Shannon Garcon, Genise Chambers-Woods, Reginald Shaw-Richard-son, Ralph ‘‘Rocky’’ Ferguson and Gladece Knight, the volunteer Advisory Board that as-sists. Earl D. Fowlkes, Jr. and Kenya Hutton with the coordination, planning, and execution of D.C. Black Pride. I take pleasure in noting that this year Earl commences his third dec-ade of involvement with D.C. Black Pride and the Black Pride Movement around the globe. As Black Pride comes to town, I also take this opportunity to inform the celebrants and to remind my colleagues of the various limita-tions Congress has placed on the District of Columbia. Despite paying more federal taxes than 22 states and having the highest per cap-ita federal tax rate in the United States, the residents of Washington, D.C. still have no full voting representation in Congress. I ask the House to join me in welcoming all attending the 27th annual D.C. Black Pride celebration. f 
HONORING JAMIE MANCHESTER 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jamie Manchester of Davenport, Washington. Mrs. Manchester recently received the Rec-ognizing Inspirational School Employees (RISE) Award for her exemplary service to the students of Washington State. Sponsored by the National Coalition of Classified Education Support Employee Unions (NCCESEU), the RISE Award seeks to recognize all classified school education support employees across the country for their ongoing contributions to education, and for the key role they play in promoting and ensuring student achievement, student safety and overall well-being. During her 10 years of service as a Library Technician and Technology Coordinator in Sprague, Lamont, and Davenport, Jamie has been a strong advocate for technology in the classroom, creating her school’s first elemen-tary computer lab, and implementing 1:1 Chromebooks for K–12. Furthermore, she has authored grants that helped to introduce STEM based curriculum and new technology in the classroom to enrich the education and overall lives of her students. Jamie serves as the Vice President of the Creston Alumni Association, helping award over $240,000 in scholarships to graduating seniors in the community. She has been a member of the Public School Employees (PSE) of Washington SEIU Local 1948 since 2006 and has served on the Education and Training Committee, as Chapter Vice Presi-dent and Chapter Secretary, and as an Annual Convention Delegate. Again I wish to send my congratulations to Jamie as PSE’s first recipient of the national RISE Award recognizing her leadership and contributions to the students of Davenport, Creston, Sprague, and Lamont. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RECIPI-ENTS OF THE 2017 INTERFAITH BRIDGE BUILDER AWARDS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize this year’s recipients of the Interfaith Bridge Builder Awards, Mr. Rizwan Jaka, Rabbi Jack Luxemburg, and Ms. Priscilla Mar-tinez. Since 1978, the InterFaith Conference of Metropolitan Washington (IFC) has brought to-gether people of eleven historic faiths to pro-mote a dialogue and advocate for religious tol-erance and cooperation across our nation and region. In order to bring these religious groups and our diverse community together, the IFC hosts a variety of events, including award ceremonies and seminars. The IFC also en-gages in grassroots activity while providing a broad range of educational tools. This year marks the 13th Annual InterFaith Bridge Builders Awards, in which the IFC rec-ognizes the achievements and leadership of individuals in our region. Mr. Rizwan Jaka, Rabbi Jack Luxemburg, and Ms. Priscilla Mar-tinez are not only exemplary leaders within the IFC, but they are also extremely respected in our communities. Additionally, I want to specifically recognize my constituents and friends, Mr. Rizwan Jaka and Ms. Priscilla Martinez, who for years have been tremendous leaders in Northern Virginia, both with very active roles within the All Dulles Area Muslim Society (ADAMS). In these roles, they have not only strengthened our region’s interfaith relations, but they have placed a great deal of emphasis on educating our youth. Mr. Jaka previously served as the President of ADAMS and is currently serving as a Member at Large of Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) and on the Board of Di-rectors for the IFC. Mr. Speaker, organizations, like the IFC, that focus on fostering strong and welcoming communities are vital to the success of our re-gion. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking the IFC for their continuous efforts and to congratulate Mr. Rizwan Jaka, Rabbi Jack Luxemburg, and Ms. Priscilla Martinez on receiving this year’s Interfaith Bridge Builder Awards. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2017 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FREDERICKSBURG, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE SIXTH AN-NUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 93 Fredericksburg, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Marine Corps after graduation. These students have excelled in their aca-demic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Marine Corps. Allander, Grace; Baez, Christopher; Bills, Scott; Blake, Elliot; Breland, William; Bridges, Brandon; Brown, Jalil; Buckles, Aaron; Camp-bell, Kailayjja; Carhuancho, Andy; Clemente, Timothy; Cook, Thomas; Conteh, Ibrahim; Corbett, David; Creed, Barton; Devin, Timothy; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.002 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE689 May 22, 2017 
Dishman, John; Dobson, Hunter; Dolinger, Melinda; Doonis, Michael; Eclipse, Ernest; Fejar, Joshua; Felleta, Joseph; Figaro, Cyn-thia; Fejfar, Joshua; Fellinger, Noah; Garciabracamonte, Giancarlo; Garnett, Ben-jamin; Hall, Cameron; Hardy, Carter; Hawkins, Nathan; Hernandez Pereira, Bryan; Hernandez Pereira, Joel; Holman, Kyle; Horton, Ryan; James, Brandon; Jesser, Joshua; Kloceck, Mi-chael; Kroll, Brandon; Lalena, Victoria; Leon, Cameron; Lewis, Torrianno; Loncaric, Drake; Lopez, Juan; MacLeod, Jonathan; Maine, Daniel; Maine, David; Martin, Christopher; McArtor, Robert; McDonald, Sean; Mitchell, Jason; Morris, Dylan; Neil, William; Norman, Christian; Padarathsingh, Trinidad; Parker, James; Paskevicius, Jesse; Perkins, Joshua; Peters, Jacob; Peterson, Connor; Porch, Ethan; Poe, Matthew; Poitras, Tanner; Powell, Harley; Queiro, Jose; Quinteroscruz, Orlando; Ragon, Carmine; Reese, Parker; Reilly, Eric; Rice, Shane; Reuwer, Patrick; Rippetoe, Jake; Robinson, Ronald; Rodriguez, Javier; Romerobonilla, Jesus; Roush, Peter; Salgado, Erik; Sawdy, Riley; Schamel, Justin; Sinclair, Ethan; Skidmore, Jacob; Smith, Travis; Strick-land, Luke; Surike, Charles; Terronesdorazi, Carlo; Villatoro, Ivette; Wagner, Zachary; Walley, David; Watson, Duncan; Watson, Joshua; Williamson, Matthew; Witt, Brennan; Yee, Jacob. These students will be honored by the Greater Fredericksburg Chapter of Our Com-munity Salutes at their 6th Annual Military En-listee Recognition Ceremony on Saturday, June 3, 2017 at the University of Mary Wash-ington in Fredericksburg, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
f 
HONORING THE REGIONAL ALTER-NATIVE SCHOOL TEACHERS IN BLOOMINGTON, IL 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the teachers and staff of the Regional Alternative School (RAS) in Bloomington, Illinois for their service to the students at the request of senior Logan Smith who graduates this month. The Regional Alternative School serves stu-dents in four counties under the jurisdiction of the Regional Office of Education No. 17. That includes two counties that I serve, McLean and DeWitt, along with Livingston and Logan counties, RAS is dedicated to providing edu-cation programming for students considered to be at-risk of dropping out of school. In April I had the opportunity to visit the school where I received a tour from three Stu-dent Ambassadors—Sabrina Ridgeway, Corrie Gardner, and Logan Smith. I got to see first- hand the excellent work the school is doing to better student lives. For most, the school is their best hope at graduating high school, gaining vital life skills, and transitioning to col-lege or the workforce. This quality education and caring mentorship would not be possible without the hard-working, dedicated staff at the Regional Alternative School. I am proud to help Logan honor and thank the teachers and staff of the Regional Alter-native School. Thank you for dedicating your lives to supporting students and helping them realize their unlimited potential. And congratu-lations to Logan and his fellow graduates, I wish you all the very best of luck. f 
UNITED NATIONS AND NORTH KOREA 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to point out the hypocrisy of the United Nations. The behavior of the United Nations contradicts its charter, which states the organization should promote ‘‘better standards of life’’ and ‘‘international peace and security.’’ If these are truly the goals of the United Na-tions, then why is the World Intellectual Prop-erty Organization (WIPO), a United Nations agency, preparing an international patent ap-plication for North Korean production of so-dium cyanide, a substance used to make nerve gas that is banned from North Korea by the UN Security Council? It is disturbing that the United Nations would grant legitimacy to North Korean production of a dangerous gas that can be used as a chem-ical weapon. Even more concerning is that the UN would do this during a time of escalating North Korean aggression, with its increasing il-legal missile tests and threats of mass de-struction. This action undermines sanctions against the unstable regime which threatens the very ‘‘international security’’ the UN claims to promote. The United Nations must stop rewarding rogue regimes that undermine global security, or the United States must reconsider participa-tion in this illegitimate body. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE CHRISTOPHER J. DODD ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE MOTION PICTURE AS-SOCIATION OF AMERICA 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a highly distinguished former colleague and dear friend, Senator Chris Dodd, who recently announced his plans to re-tire as Chairman and CEO of the Motion Pic-ture Association of America (MPAA) at the end of this year. As the longest serving Senator in Connecti-cut’s history, Senator Dodd brought account-ability and historic reforms to Wall Street fol-lowing the 2008 financial crisis. His extraor-dinary leadership resulted in the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act, the largest overhaul of our financial system since the Great Depres-sion. His bipartisan, landmark legislative ac-complishments covered a broad range of issues from civil rights, to families and chil-dren, and to foreign policy. After retiring from the Senate in 2011, Sen-ator Dodd followed in the footsteps of the leg-endary Jack Valenti, taking the reins of the MPAA. The challenges of representing the six major film and television studios during a time of tumultuous changes in technology were met head on by Senator Dodd, and his leadership brought about an unprecedented expansion of American films to the international market. He improved diversity and secured valuable state tax credits for filmmaking here at home. The motion picture industry has benefited greatly from Senator Dodd’s steady hand and his years of experience developing consensus between stakeholders. He advanced one of America’s great industries that shape the meaning of America around the world with a record of exceptional leadership brought to bear on behalf of the studios, filmmakers and the thousands of men and women who bring the magic of film and television to screens large and small. He leaves an indelible mark on the MPAA, just as he did in service to our nation in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my House col-leagues to join me in congratulating Senator Dodd for his brilliant leadership and countless achievements as Chairman and CEO of the MPAA, and wish he and his family every blessing in the next exciting chapter of their lives. f 
CONGRATULATING TAIWAN’S PRESIDENT TSAI ING-WEN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, as we approach the one-year anniversary of the inauguration of Taiwan’s President, Tsai Ing-wen, I would like to offer my congratulations to her and the people of Taiwan. For 38 years the United States has shared a mutually beneficial relationship with Taiwan, beginning with the Taiwan Relations Act and continuing through our shared beliefs in demo-cratic government, human rights, free markets, and the rule of law. This relationship has only grown further under President Tsai Ing-Wen. Last year, Tai-wan was the United States’ 10th largest trad-ing partner overall and continues to be an im-portant export market for almost every major sector. Additionally, Taiwan and the United States share cultural relations through hun-dreds of thousands of tourists, business trav-elers, and students from Taiwan that visit the U.S. each year. As we reflect on this special occasion of President Tsai’s first anniversary in office, I look forward to many more years of this suc-cessful relationship. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HUNTER HOEPTNER 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in tribute to and memory of Hunter Hoeptner of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MY8.006 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE690 May 22, 2017 
Jackson County, Oregon, who passed away on May 9, 2017. A resident of Eagle Point, Oregon, Hunter was a proud graduate of Eagle Point High School. Throughout school he displayed his tremendous leadership skills and commitment to serving others, even as a young man. Hun-ter served as class president at Eagle Point High and logged more than 100 hours of com-munity service. He also led on the wrestling mat, where he won the Class 5A 160-pound State Championship for the Eagles in 2014. Long after graduation, he continued volun-teering with the local youth wrestling program, inspiring others with his passion for the sport he loved. That same tenacity and commitment to serving others motivated Hunter to serve his country in the Oregon Army National Guard. He was assigned to Second Platoon, Alpha Company, 1st Battalion—186th Infantry Regi-ment, where he rose to the rank of Specialist and was preparing to attend Army Helicopter School. Hunter’s character left an impact on his fel-low soldiers, and the local community. Over 100 military personnel attended Hunter’s me-morial service, which was complete with a military flyover. Hunter’s family, friends, neighbors, and total strangers touched by his story packed the stands of Eagle Point High School’s football stadium to celebrate Hunter’s life. At just 21 years old, this young man’s life exemplified that of a community leader, star athlete, and American soldier devoted to serving others. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I offer my heartfelt condolences to Hunter’s mother Lorelei and his father Kurt for the loss of their son. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SUPER-INTENDENT RICHARD M
CCORKLE 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations to Mr. Richard ‘‘Ricky’’ McCorkle, Superintendent of the Marion Coun-ty School District, on his retirement after 30 years as an educator and civic leader. He will be honored at a retirement celebration on Wednesday, May 24, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. at the Marion County Middle and High School cafe-teria. Before becoming an educator, Mr. McCorkle was an insurance salesman from 1977 until 1987. That year, he earned a bachelor of arts degree in history from Georgia Southwestern College. He then became a history teacher and a basketball and baseball coach at Tri- County High School. In 1997, he earned a Master of Science degree in Educational Leadership from Troy State University. That year, he became the Tri-County High School principal. Within two years, he was elected as Superintendent of the Marion County School District. Aristotle once said, ‘‘Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.’’ Mr. McCorkle was an educator of both. He is rooted in the belief that children need constant love and encouragement. As such, he was most known for walking through Mar-ion County schools on a regular basis and talking with students from pre-K to 12th grade. He frequently visited teachers and staff to show his care and support for them as well. Outside of his tremendous scholastic dedi-cation, Mr. McCorkle is also very involved within the community. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for South Georgia Technical College and is the Executive Direc-tor of Chattahoochee-Flint RESA. He is also a Board Member of the Greater Columbus Chamber of Commerce Valley Partnership Joint Development Authority and the River Valley Regional Commission. He is a member of the Buena Vista/Marion County Chamber of Commerce, Georgia School Superintendents Association, Georgia School Boards Associa-tion, and Georgia Association of Educational Leaders. He is a founder of Pastors Partnering with Education. After retirement, Mr. McCorkle will enjoy spending time with his wife, Marie, and their two children and two grandchildren. His love for education was also instilled in his own chil-dren, both of whom are now educators and married to educators. Richard McCorkle has accomplished much in his life, but none of it would be possible without the love and sup-port of the family he cherishes so dearly. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Superintendent Richard McCorkle upon the occasion of his retirement from an outstanding career spanning 30 years in education. f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2017 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FRED-ERICKSBURG, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE SIXTH ANNUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE REC-OGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 8 Fredericksburg, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Navy after graduation. These students have excelled in their academic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school gradua-tion. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Navy. Byer, Magalyna; Davis, Patrick; Deike, Iain; Phouminuh, Hongtavanah; Reynolds, Zacha-riah; Smith, Michael; Snyder, Walter; Thomp-son, Tyler. These students will be honored by the Greater Fredericksburg Chapter of Our Com-munity Salutes at their 6th Annual Military En-listee Recognition Ceremony on Saturday, June 3, 2017 at the University of Mary Wash-ington in Fredericksburg, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. f 
RECOGNIZING GAINES CHAPEL A.M.E. CHURCH ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate May 21st, 2017 as Gaines Chapel A.M.E. Church’s 100th Anniversary. As we celebrate its centennial, we celebrate the past while embracing all that the future holds for the congregation. On this occasion, I extend my gratitude to Claranne Perkins and Jeanette Hunter, Co-Chairs of this centennial celebra-tion, and Pastor Cyrus Burns, the proud leader of this community. Gaines Chapel A.M.E. Church has grown tremendously from its 10 original founders in 1917, and has since become an integral part of the City of East Moline. It has undergone many transformations over the past 100 years—new church buildings replaced old, and many different Pastors have contributed their wisdom. But from its original organization in Campbell School, the church has prospered and always remained true to its mission and values. Gaines Chapel A.M.E. Church has gone above and beyond to enrich our commu-nity through their youth programs and exten-sive charitable work. Mr. Speaker, I would once again like to con-gratulate Gaines Chapel A.M.E. Church on their 100th Anniversary. I am proud to know that organizations such as Gaines Chapel A.M.E. Church, are flourishing and strength-ening our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. KEITH BALLARD AND SOUTHWEST MID-DLE SCHOOL MUSIC DEPART-MENT 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Keith Ballard and Southwest Middle School’s Music Department for their excep-tional work and dedication in promoting the arts. Southwest Middle School is located a few minutes from the international border and serves a large Latino population. The school has one of the highest poverty rates in San Diego County. According to Sweetwater Union High School District officials, Southwest Mid-dle School previously had a struggling music program requiring immediate attention and as-sistance. In 2010, Mr. Ballard was involuntarily trans-ferred to Southwest Middle School. He was told that he had been assigned to improve a failing music program in need of immediate help. Unfortunately, the conditions of both the school and the program did not make this an easy task. Mr. Ballard worked tirelessly with administrators, parents and the community to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.007 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE691 May 22, 2017 
secure funding to rebuild the music program. He found resistance and opposition, as the project required time and resources that few were inclined to provide. In response, he used the media as a tool to shed light on the issue, which resulted in him securing the necessary support and resources for the project. Today, Southwest Middle School has a thriving music program which offers multiple courses from different genres such as three mariachi music classes, one steel drum band class and one marching percussion/African drum ensemble class. The program is de-signed to connect students with their heritage through education, practice, and the promotion of arts and music. The school will be adding a band class for the 2017–18 school year. Presently, Southwest Middle School has one of the most multicultural and diversified music programs in the entire nation. Southwest Middle School proves their com-mitment to the continuous social and emo-tional growth of their students by enabling youth to develop their talents. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT PITTENGER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I was in North Carolina attending to District related business. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 263, and YEA on Roll Call No. 264. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THOMAS J. KINSMAN 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Kinsman , a Viet-nam veteran and Medal of Honor recipient. Kinsman was born in Gainesville, Georgia and enlisted as a private first class in 1967. In February of 1968, his company came under attack during a reconnaissance in-force mis-sion, and it was there that Kinsman performed the ultimate act of selflessness: He spared the lives of his comrades by throwing himself on top of a grenade. President Nixon described Kinsman’s self-lessness best when he awarded him the Medal of Honor for ‘‘his indomitable courage, complete disregard for his personal safety and profound concern for his fellow soldiers.’’ Mr. Speaker, I believe selflessness and service are connected. We cannot fully serve our neighbors if we are not willing to sacrifice our own comfort, resources, and even well- being. Thomas Kinsman humbled himself in order to protect his fellow servicemen. As Americans, we are indebted to servant heroes like Kinsman, for it is men and women like him that instruct us in what it means to defend the life and liberty of our fellow citi-zens. It is my hope that his legacy will live on as an example of what it truly means to serve others and our country. I thank Mr. Kinsman. RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ALAMO MEXICAN KITCHEN HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago our nation observed National Small Business Week and recognized the positive impact that entrepreneurs and small businesses have on our local economies and our communities. In that spirit, I wish to bring to the attention of the House one small business located in my hometown of Rockledge, Florida, called Alamo Mexican Kitchen. Alamo Mexican Kitchen just recently cele-brated its 50th Anniversary, a true milestone for any small business. Established in 1967 by Irene and Alberto Enriquez, the Alamo has be-come a staple on Florida’s Space Coast and favorite restaurant for many local patrons. In the mid–1960’s, the Enriquez family moved to Florida from EI Paso, Texas, with the Apollo program. A short time later, like many small business owners, they took a risk, opened Alamo Mexican Kitchen, and with it they brought an entirely new flavor to our area— Mexican food. Before the Alamo, you couldn’t find Mexican food anywhere in our area. In fact, when my own family moved from Southern California to Florida in 1956 with the space program, very few residents were familiar with Mexican food. My mother used to have our relatives send her tortilla shells so we could enjoy our weekly taco dinners. It wasn’t until 1967, when Alamo opened, that we could enjoy real Mexican food in a local restaurant. Since then, Katie and I have been faithful patrons of the Alamo, owned by the same family for 50 years. Today, five generations of the Enriquez fam-ily have worked at the Alamo, and many past Alamo employees have gone on to open their own successful Mexican restaurants—a true testament to the Alamo’s success. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Alamo Mexican Kitchen, its employees, and the Enriquez family on celebrating 50 years of serving fine Mexican cuisine. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2017 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FRED-ERICKSBURG, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE SIXTH ANNUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE REC-OGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 33 Fredericksburg, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Army after graduation. These students have excelled in their academic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school gradua-tion. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Army: Allison-Cook, Amanda; Bagley, Broderick; Beckham, Elijah; Barrino, Starr; Buelna Tapia, Cesar; Buffum, Jonathan; Dean, Davon; Elliott, Nicole; Harte, Brett; Jefferson, Kalie; Kelly, Jo-seph; Kuske, John; Lawrence, Skyler; McCallister, Mark; McHugh, Sean; McNabb, George; Moffo, Landry; Moore, Ronando; Mor-gan, Alexis; Phillips, Austin; Robey, Garrett; Roungrat, Jirayut; Russell, Robert; Saeed, Faisal; Scarborough, Ian; Slaughter, Darryl; Smith, Cordell; Sollowin, Michael; Tapsoba, Moussa; Van Doren, Nicole; Vacher, Andrew; Vasquez, Nicholas; Warren, Matthew. These students will be honored by the Greater Fredericksburg Chapter of Our Com-munity Salutes at their 6th Annual Military En-listee Recognition Ceremony on Saturday, June 3, 2017 at the University of Mary Wash-ington in Fredericksburg, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LINCOLN PARK HISTORICAL SOCIETY AND MUSEUM FOR ITS PRESERVA-TION OF THE CITY’S HISTORY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mrs. DlNGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Lincoln Park Historical Society and Museum for its efforts to preserve and document the history of the City of Lincoln Park. The Lincoln Park Historical Museum pro-vides an important venue for residents to learn about the city’s history and development. Founded in 1955 and located in a former Depression-era Post Office, the Lincoln Park Historical Society and Museum host exhibits and events that document the history of Lin-coln Park and southeast Michigan. Pasi mu-seum exhibits have featured historical Presi-dential and Congressional campaign memora-bilia from national, state and local candidates, as well as displays of advertisements for old Lincoln Park businesses from the city’s his-tory. Additionally, the Museum also profiled prominent Lincoln Park natives, including Bill Simpson, an illustrator for Disney and The Simpson TV show, and Preston Tucker, a local automobile designer and entrepreneur. The organization also hosts authors, historians and other experts in public forums to provide additional historical background to its exhibits. The Lincoln Park Historical Society and Mu-seum not only plays a key role in documenting historically significant people and events, but also provides critical resources and education that helps Lincoln Park residents place their city’s history and the role it has played in the growth and development of southeast Michi-gan in its proper context. The organization’s sponsorship of local experts and rare artifacts, as well as its production and distribution of an educational newsletter, underscore its commit-ment to preserving the city’s history. It is heartening to see the Lincoln Park community continue to support the incredible work that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.010 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE692 May 22, 2017 
being done by the Lincoln Park Historical So-ciety, and I am confident that they will build on this success in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Lincoln Park Historical Society and Museum for their historical preservation efforts. The group provides cultural enrichment for Lincoln Park and its residents through its hosting of events and exhibits. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RODOLFO JOSE´ CA´RDENAS 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rodolfo Jose´Ca´rdenas on his award-winning broadcasting excellence. Rodolfo Ca´rdenas is the host of the daily morning radio show, ‘Hablemos Hoy,’ and re-cently received the Colorado Broadcaster As-sociation’s 2016 ‘Excellence Award’ for his continued leadership in providing a show that has become a center piece of the Colorado Hispanic radio market. Hablemos Hoy also took home the top prize for being the ‘Best Morning Show’ in the Hispanic market. This is the second time that Hablemos Hoy has won this prestigious award. I am grateful to have been a guest on Hablemos Hoy on a number of occasions and know that Mr. Ca´rdenas has a strong work ethic, dynamic hosting capabilities and the ability to bring together the Spanish speaking community across our state. Rodolfo Ca´rdenas’ commitment to educate and inform those within our community about local and national issues further demonstrates his im-portance to the Hispanic community in the State of Colorado. Again, I would like to congratulate Rodolfo Ca´rdenas and the entire staff of ‘Hablemos Hoy’ for their continued excellence and for re-ceiving these prestigious awards. They serve as recognition for Rodolfo Ca´rdenas’ unwaver-ing commitment to quality broadcasting and to the Hispanic community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WOODIE RUCKER-HUGHES 
HON. MARK TAKANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the career of Waudier ‘‘Woodie’’ Rucker-Hughes, a tireless worker for civil rights and a pillar of the community in the Inland Empire of California. Woodie was born in Washington, DC, and came to California in 1969 to begin a career in teaching at John W. North High School in Riverside. She later became the Dean of Stu-dents, an assistant principal and Manager of Child Welfare and Attendance for the River-side Unified School District. In those roles, she helped young people to make the most of their education and their lives. Woodie has spent her life building a strong-er community through her leadership in the NAACP, and her involvement with non-profit organizations and commissions. The people of Riverside live in a city made better by the work of Woodie Rucker-Hughes. This week, Woodie is retiring from the Riv-erside Unified School District. She has earned the thanks of a grateful community and the admiration of all that know her. f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. CLINTON HAVRAN AND MRS. DEBORAH ORR 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the bus accident that took the lives of four people in Biloxi, Mississippi, on March 7, 2017. Tragically, a tour bus from Austin, Texas found itself lodged on train tracks in Biloxi, and was subsequently struck by an oncoming train. Although passengers started to dis-embark from the bus, several could not make it off in time. Today, Mr. Speaker, I stand to honor the lives of two of those individuals who were taken from us in the accident: Mr. Clinton Havran of Sealy, Texas, and Mrs. Deborah Orr of Bastrop, Texas. Clinton and Deborah were both pillars in our community. Clinton served in the United States Army from 1958 to 1963, and subsequently had a long and distinguished career as a profes-sional truck driver with Central Freight Lines and Steinhauser’s of Texas. He is survived by his loving wife of 42 years, Annie Mae Havran, his children, and his grandchildren. Deborah, or Debbie as her friends knew her, was known for her spirit and kindness. Debbie was a Jill-of-all-trades, and held jobs as a nursing assistant and assembly worker, among others. She actively volunteered in her community—with several organizations that work with needy children and as the Activities Director at the Bastrop Senior Center. Debbie is survived by her loving husband of 36 years, Tim Orr, as well as her children, grand-children, and a great-grandchild. I join their family, their friends, and the peo-ple of Bastrop and Sealy in rejoicing the last-ing impression Clinton and Debbie left on us all. As our community grieves and continues to come together in this time of sorrow, I ask that we honor their memory by working to-gether to ensure accidents like this do not happen in the future. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House offer their love and support for Clinton, Deborah, and their loved ones. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO GARY PRUDEN, WORLDWIDE CHAIR-MAN, MEDICAL DEVICES, JOHN-SON & JOHNSON 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of New Jersey’s most distin-guished community and business leaders, Gary Pruden. Gary has dedicated the last thir-ty-three years of his life as a leader at John-son & Johnson, creating a healthy, innovative world for patients everywhere. Gary joined Johnson & Johnson in 1984 to serve in sales and marketing for Janssen Pharmaceuticals. He led Janssen commercial efforts in Canada and after returning to the US in 2006, Gary joined the Ethicon franchise lo-cated in Somerville, New Jersey as Worldwide President of Ethicon Products. Gary’s leader-ship and commitment to improving standards of care for patients helped to develop not only exceptional life-saving products but also better hospital conditions, education for surgeons and healthcare professionals’. He also sup-ported many community and charitable pro-grams to improve healthcare and patients’ lives globally. As Johnson & Johnson’s medical device footprint grew around the world, Gary’s port-folio also continued to expand and he soon become the global Company Group Chairman in 2012 and the Worldwide Chairman of Med-ical Devices and a member of the Johnson & Johnson Management and Executive Commit-tees respectively in 2015 and 2016. Gary has also become involved in the fed-eral advocacy and legislative policy-making process with local, state and federal law mak-ers. He has committed himself to advocating for sound, science-based public policy. He has been successful because of his commitment to building bi-cameral, bi-partisan relationships that support access to medical innovation and improve the U.S. healthcare system. Gary’s leadership at national trade associations, com-munity organizations and with elected and ap-pointed government officials has made a last-ing positive effect on patient care. Of all the professional accolades Gary has received during his impressive career, how-ever, I believe he is most proud of his devo-tion to his family as a committed husband and father. Gary’s wife Georgeane and their two children Kyle and Chelsea are his highest pri-orities. I wish Gary well in his personal and profes-sional endeavors as he retires from Johnson & Johnson. I thank him for his exceptional serv-ice to our community. f 
HONORING FATHER KEVIN WATERS, S.J. 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Father Kevin Waters of Gonzaga University. Father Waters joined the Society of Jesus in 1951, and has gone on to serve the students of Gonzaga University as a chaplain, pro-fessor, and Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. Additionally, Father Waters served as the chaplain of the DeSmet Residence Hall for the last 34 years. During his time as chap-lain, Father Waters united the young men who lived in that dormitory with religious services, spiritual and personal guidance, and commu-nity building within the context of the Jesuit mission. Among the unique services that Father Waters has provided to the residents of DeSmet over the years, it was his weekly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.014 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE693 May 22, 2017 
Sunday night church service in the DeSmet basement that really stood out. When he began offering this weekly service during his first year as Chaplain, Father Waters sought to offer the residents of this dormitory a place where they could go to gather and center on their faith, prayer, and community. Ultimately, he hoped to provide his residents with the op-portunity to grow their relationship with God and others each and every Sunday. I want to thank Father Waters for his invalu-able service to the students of Gonzaga Uni-versity, and I wish him a wonderful retirement. 
f 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2017 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF FREDERICKSBURG, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE SIXTH AN-NUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 4 Fredericksburg, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Coast Guard after graduation. These students have excelled in their aca-demic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Coast Guard: Cronin, Erik; Cronin, Matthew; Foley, Dillon; Michaud, Joshua. These students will be honored by the Greater Fredericksburg Chapter of Our Com-munity Salutes at their 5th Annual Military En-listee Recognition Ceremony on Saturday, June 3, 2017 at the University of Mary Wash-ington in Fredericksburg, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and their families for their dedication to serving this great Na-tion. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of grat-itude. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE WORK OF MR. WILLIAM M. OVERBY 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the great work of a constituent, Mr. William M. Overby. During a career spanning more than 32 years with State Parks, Bill served in several park ranger and manage-ment assignments throughout the state, and managed the Deception Pass Area for the final 20 years of his career. While serving at Deception Pass, Bill began his association with Skagit Valley College as an instructor in its Parks Resources Manage-ment and the Criminal Justice programs, be-coming a lead instructor the last 26 years. In July 2003, he began serving as the Depart-ment Chair of the Criminal Justice program. Bill provided his passion and skills to Wash-ington state, serving a five-year term as the charter Chair of the Washington State Safety, Security, and Emergency Management Coun-cil. He is also the recipient of the prestigious President’s Award by the Washington Recre-ation and Park Association. Bill’s leadership and commitment to training the next generation of the National Park Serv-ice, U.S. Forest Service, and State Patrol members is admirable and his service will continue to benefit our communities for years to come. As Bill enters his retirement journey, I wish him the very best in whatever his next venture may be. f 
STRONG SUPPORT FOR BILLS TO PREVENT CHILD SEXUAL EX-PLOITATION AND TO ENSURE JUSTICE FOR TRAFFICKERS AND ABUSERS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 22, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I take this opportunity to offer my strong support for all six bills under consideration tonight to prevent children from suffering the horrors of sexual exploitation and ensure justice for traf-fickers and abusers. I would also like to offer my sincere thanks to Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy for his con-sistent work to fight human trafficking and other forms of sexual exploitation of children. As the prime author of the landmark Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and of its 2003 and 2005 reauthorization, I know the heavy lift such bills can be—and also their crit-ical importance. The Majority Leader’s per-sonal commitment to tonight’s legislation, as well as to moving other anti-trafficking bills over the next few weeks, builds upon the work he has done in previous congresses to effec-tively help the victims of trafficking who are primarily women and children. Sexual exploitation of children is a human rights violation that results in serious, lifelong consequences for the physical, psychological, and spiritual development and well-being of a child In many instances, it is a form of human trafficking. According to the International Labor Organi-zation, almost 2 million children are still victim-ized every year by commercial sexual exploi-tation, which includes the use of girls and boys in sexual activities remunerated in cash or in kind, child sex tourism, the use of chil-dren in sex shows (public or private), and the production, promotion and distribution of por-nography involving children. Millions of other children suffer the honor and wounding of other forms of sexual abuse; most do not come forward out of misplaced shame, or the fear that the justice system will re-traumatize and then fail them. The Strengthening Children’s Safety Act of 2017, H.R. 1842, seeks to strengthen our ef-forts against repeat child sex offenders and ensure they are subjected to increased pen-alties. As drafted, the bill will crack down on sex offenders who fail to register and then commit violent crimes under state law. It will also ensure that an offender’s prior child-re-lated sex offenses under Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice are taken into account in subse-quent prosecutions. The Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017 (H.R. 883) also seeks to improve account-ability for suspected crimes against children by ensuring that offenders are not tipped-off to law enforcement investigations of their IP ad-dresses before law enforcement has a chance to gather the critical digital evidence of crimes against children. The Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017 (H.R. 1188) ensures continued finding for the original Adam Walsh Act with important updates. The original Adam Walsh Act created a national registry of sex offenders and the means to enforce registration. While each state has its own registry, the national registry provides an efficient way to track sex offend-ers who move between states, and helps to systematize standards across states. The Child Protection Improvement Act of 2017 (H.R. 695), ensures that organizations serving youth have access to the national sex offender registry—so that they are not limited to background checks within their state. This ensures that children are protected from sex offenders whether or not the offender has fol-lowed the law and registered in their state. Last year, I applied this concept worldwide with the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders (P.L. 114–119), so that coun-tries are warned when individuals on a U.S. sex offender list for a crime against a child is traveling to their country. Since my bill be-came law, more than 2,000 notifications of pedophile travel have been sent to 64 coun-tries, with a particular emphasis on countries known to be primary destinations for child sex tourism. One of the other bills under consideration tonight, the Global Child Protection Act of 2017 (H.R. 1862), will make it easier to pros-ecute known offenders and others who abuse children abroad by expanding the definition of the term ‘‘illicit sexual contact’’ to cover any sexual contact with a child. The TARGET Act (H.R. 1625), encourages accountability for international traffickers by al-lowing the State Department to provide re-wards to people who are willing to bring down international criminal organizations trafficking in women and children. I am a cosponsor of HR 1625 and pleased to see it and all the aforementioned legislation advance tonight. In addition to the legislation we adopt to-night, Mr. Speaker, many of my colleagues may know that a strong bipartisan coalition is also working on the comprehensive reauthor-ization of America’s leading anti-trafficking leg-islation—The Trafficking Victims Protection Act(TVPA). This additional legislation, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Preven-tion and Protection Act of 2017 (H.R. 2200), honors the 200th birthday of slavery survivor and great abolitionist Frederick Douglass, and will reauthorize $130 million in current funds across several federal programs dedicated to fight human trafficking over the next four years. I am pleased to be the prime author of the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Preven-tion and Protection Act with lead Democrat co-sponsor Rep. Karen Bass along with a strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.019 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE694 May 22, 2017 
bipartisan group including Chairman Ed Royce, Reps. Sheila Jackson Lee, Susan Brooks, Lois Frankel, Ann Wagner, Tony Cardenas, Ted Poe, and Ryan Costello. H.R. 2200 is also endorsed by a broad- based coalition of NGOs that work on the frontlines in the battle against human traf-ficking including. Mr. Speaker, for the past 17 years, we have seen progress on a number of anti-trafficking fronts: more than 250,000 victims have been rescued worldwide; the Department of Justice has federally funded some 42 anti-human traf-ficking task forces across the United States and more than 85,000 law enforcement offi-cers have been trained. Additionally, over 300 laws around the world, influenced by American leadership, have enacted to combat trafficking. We look forward to building upon this record through passage of The Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention, Protection, and Reauthorization Act. Some of the important provisions of H.R. 2200 include: Ensuring vulnerable children and other at- risk populations are educated to avoid traf-fickers; Focusing grants for survivor care on hous-ing for vulnerable groups; Preferring in government travel contracts airlines and hotels that have in place anti-traf-ficking training and victim reporting policies for their employees; Creating a special complaint mechanism in embassies whereby the U.S. is warned of traf-fickers exploiting the U.S. entry system; Increasing transparency and oversight of U.S. government grants to fight trafficking; Facilitating trafficking-free supply chains in private business by clarifying in Department of Labor reports the products that incorporate slavery-made goods; Encouraging enforcement of the Tariff Act of 1930’s prohibition on the importation of goods made with forced labor; Strengthening federal efforts to reduce de-mand for services from trafficking victims by increasing prosecution of those who purchase services; Designating one prosecutor in each of the Department of Justice’s focus districts to in-vestigate and prosecute labor trafficking cases; Preventing abuse of domestic servants in embassies and diplomatic homes in the U.S.; Encouraging credible and effective use of the trafficking tier ranking system by the U.S. Department of State in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report; Educating procurement officers in U.S. gov-ernment agencies to apply all U.S. law and regulations preventing purchases of goods made with trafficking or services from contrac-tors who participate in human trafficking; Ensuring that U.S. military assistance does not go to foreign governments that use child soldiers; and Encouraging USAID to integrate human traf-ficking prevention into disaster relief. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 23, 2017 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 24 Time to be announced Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine industry perspectives on options and consider-ations for achieving a 355 ship Navy. SR–232A 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine border inse-curity, focusing on the rise of MS–13 and other transnational criminal orga-nizations. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Navy and Marine Corps. SD–192 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on economic issues. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Energy atomic energy defense ac-tivities and programs. SD–G50 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine pool safety, focusing on the tenth anniversary of the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act. SR–253 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine law enforce-ment access to data stored across bor-ders, focusing on facilitating coopera-tion and protecting rights. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. SR–418 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 MAY 25 Time to be announced Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and the nominations of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and Makan Delrahim, of California, and Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Army in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2018 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions To hold hearings to examine stopping the shipment of synthetic opioids, focusing on oversight of United States strategy to combat illicit drugs. SD–342 9:45 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2018 budget proposal. SD–608 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the Farm Economy, focusing on perspectives on rural America. SR–328A Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, and Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsyl-vania, both to be a Member of the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission, and Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary, all of the Depart-ment of Energy. SD–366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of the Treasury, and tax reform. SD–215 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MY8.020 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE695 May 22, 2017 
10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Security. SD–138 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine the United Nations Human Rights Council. SD–419 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 JUNE 7 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine working to improve the National Park Service workplace environment. SD–366 JUNE 13 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Justice. SD–192 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22MY8.000 E22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D557 Monday, May 22, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3051–S3074 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1190–1201, S. Res. 175, and S. Con. Res. 17.
                  Pages S3069–70 
Measures Reported: S. 39, to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana. (S. Rept. No. 115–75)
                                            Page S3069 
Measures Passed: National Foster Care Month: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 156, recognizing National Foster Care Month as an op-portunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.
                                Pages S3072–73 
100th Anniversary of NOAA: Senate agreed to S. Res. 175, recognizing the 100th anniversary of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
                     Page S3073 
Appointments: Election Assistance Board of Advisors: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 107–252, Title II, Section 214, appointed the following individual to the Elec-tion Assistance Board of Advisors: Lawrence Norden of New York.
                                                               Page S3072 
Sullivan Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Sec-retary of State, with the time until the vote on the motion to invoke cloture equally divided in the usual form; and that if cloture is invoked, all time during morning business, Leader remarks, recess, and adjournment count post-cloture on the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S3073 Thapar Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
                                                               Page S3060 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State.
                        Page S3060 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S3060 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S3060 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 82 yeas to 13 nays (Vote No. EX. 133), Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China.
                                            Pages S3051–60 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security. 12 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force and Navy. 
                                                                                            Page S3074 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3064 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3064 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S3064 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3064–65 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3065–69 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3070–72 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S3072 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3063 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—133)
                                                                Page S3060 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:16 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD558 May 22, 2017 
23, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3073.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2581–2592; and 3 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 59; and H. Res. 349–350, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H4423–24 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4424–25 
Reports Filed:Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1973, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt re-porting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authori-ties, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–136, Part 1); H.R. 1761, to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing consent of the vis-ual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor en-gaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–137); H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protec-tion Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal his-tory background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–138); H.R. 1862, to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions per-taining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–139); H.R. 1842, to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of violence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Federal law, to include prior military offenses for purposes of recidivist sentencing provisions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–140); H.R. 883, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certification process for the issuance of nondisclosure requirements accompanying certain ad-ministrative subpoenas, to provide for judicial review of such nondisclosure requirements, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–141); H.R. 1188, to reauthorize certain programs estab-lished by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–142); H.R. 1370, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–143, Part 1); H.R. 1545, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to disclose certain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–144); and H. Res. 348, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 953) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pes-ticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–145).
                    Pages H4422–23 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Gallagher to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4393 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:18 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H4395 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:03 p.m.
                                                   Page H4396 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2017: H.R. 1188, amended, to reauthorize certain programs es-tablished by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006;
                                          Pages H4396–99 
Global Child Protection Act of 2017: H.R. 1862, to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlaw-ful sexual conduct, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay of 372 yeas to 30 nays, Roll No. 269; 
                                                         Pages H4399–H4402, H4414–15 
Strengthening Children’s Safety Act of 2017: H.R. 1842, to amend title 18, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D559 May 22, 2017 
to include State crimes of violence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Federal law, and to include prior military offenses for pur-poses of recidivist sentencing provisions, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 371 yeas to 30 nays with one an-swering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 270; 
                                                                      Pages H4402–05, H4415 
Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017: H.R. 883, to amend title 18, United States Code, to pro-vide a certification process for the issuance of non-disclosure requirements accompanying certain ad-ministrative subpoenas, and to provide for judicial review of such nondisclosure requirements; 
                                                                                    Pages H4406–09 
Child Protection Improvements Act of 2017: H.R. 695, amended, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4409–11 
Targeted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking Act: H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State.
                                                                  Pages H4411–14 
Library of Congress Trust Fund Board—Re-appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a five-year term: Ambassador Rich-ard Fredericks of San Francisco, California. 
                                                                                            Page H4415 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Representative MacArthur.
                       Page H4415 
Health Information Technology Advisory Com-mittee—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: Mr. Patrick Soon- Shiong of Culver City, California.
                    Page H4416 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4414–15 and H4415. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:08 p.m. Committee Meetings 
REDUCING REGULATORY BURDENS ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 953, the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a structured rule for H.R. 953. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–21 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representative Gibbs. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D510) 
S. 496, to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Or-ganization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’. Signed on May 12, 2017. (Public Law 115–33) H.R. 274, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business. Signed on May 16, 2017. (Public Law 115–34) H.J. Res 66, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by States for non-governmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD560 May 22, 2017 
employees. Signed on May 17, 2017. (Public Law 115–35) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 23, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hear-ings to examine United States assistance for Central America, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the cyber posture of the Services; with the possi-bility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Subcommittee on SeaPower, to receive a closed briefing on Navy readiness challenges, emerging threats, and the requirements underpinning the 355 ship force structure objective, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration, and Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Ter-rorism and Financial Crimes, Marshall Billingslea, of Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, and Heath P. Tarbert, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine reopening the American fron-tier, focusing on exploring how the Outer Space Treaty will impact American commerce and settlement in space, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine making implementation of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone at-tainable, including S. 263, to facilitate efficient State im-plementation of ground-level ozone standards, and S. 452, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the enforcement and implementation of the 2015 national ambient air quality standards for ozone, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Border Secu-rity and Immigration, to hold hearings to examine build-ing America’s trust through border security, focusing on progress on the southern border, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, oversight hearing on the Internal Revenue Service, 3 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request for U.S. Cyber Command: Cyber Mission Force Support to Department of Defense Oper-ations’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘The Need for More Responsible Regulatory and Enforcement Policies at the EEOC’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Pub-lic Health Response to the Zika Virus: Continuing Chal-lenges’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Delivering to Consumers’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Visa Overstays: A Gap in the Nation’s Border Security’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2431, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’; H.R. 2407, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2406, to amend section 442 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Pershing County Eco-nomic Development and Conservation Act’’; H.R. 2199, the ‘‘Federal Land Asset Inventory Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2423, the ‘‘Washington County, Utah, Public Lands Management Implementation Act’’; and H.R. 2425, the ‘‘Public Lands Telecommunications Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘The Status and Future of the Cobell Land Consolidation Program’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1761, the ‘‘Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1973, the ‘‘Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding the Role of States in EPA Rulemaking’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Accomplishments and Challenges at the SBA’s Office of International Trade’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Increasing U.S. Competitiveness and Preventing American Jobs from Moving Overseas’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Social Security; and Subcommittee on Information Technology of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, joint hearing enti-tled, ‘‘Protecting Americans’ Identities: Examining Efforts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D561 May 22, 2017 to Limit the Use of Social Security Numbers’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Russia Inves-tigation Task Force, hearing on ongoing intelligence ac-tivities, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Russia Investigation Task Force, hearing on ongoing intelligence activities, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 23 through May 26, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at approxi-mately 11 a.m. Upon disposition of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the nomination of Amul R. Thapar, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 25, to hold hearings to examine the Farm Economy, focusing on perspectives on rural America, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: May 23, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine United States assistance for Central America, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. May 24, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Navy and Marine Corps, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. May 25, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: May 23, to hold hearings to examine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. May 23, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to receive a closed briefing on Navy readiness challenges, emerging threats, and the requirements underpinning the 355 ship force structure objective, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. May 23, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hear-ings to examine the cyber posture of the Services; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. May 24, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine industry perspectives on options and consider-ations for achieving a 355 ship Navy, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. May 24, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine Department of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. May 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Army in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 23, business meeting to consider the nominations of Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration, and Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Ter-rorism and Financial Crimes, Marshall Billingslea, of Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, and Heath P. Tarbert, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: May 25, to hold hearings to ex-amine the President’s fiscal year 2018 budget proposal, 9:45 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 23, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitive-ness, to hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on exploring how the Outer Space Trea-ty will impact American commerce and settlement in space, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. May 24, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine pool safety, focusing on the tenth anniversary of the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 25, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, and Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary, all of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 23, Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hearings to examine making implementation of the Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone attainable, including S. 263, to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and S. 452, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the en-forcement and implementation of the 2015 national am-bient air quality standards for ozone, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: May 25, to hold hearings to ex-amine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of the Treasury, and tax reform, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 24, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on economic issues, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. May 25, Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD562 May 22, 2017 hearings to examine the United Nations Human Rights Council, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 24, to hold hearings to examine border insecurity, focusing on the rise of MS–13 and other transnational criminal organizations, 10 a.m., SD–342. May 25, Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hearings to examine stopping the shipment of synthetic opioids, focusing on oversight of United States strategy to combat illicit drugs, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Judiciary: May 23, Subcommittee on Bor-der Security and Immigration, to hold hearings to exam-ine building America’s trust through border security, fo-cusing on progress on the southern border, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. May 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Ala-bama, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Di-rector of United States Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 24, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine law enforcement access to data stored across borders, focusing on facilitating cooperation and protecting rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. May 25, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and the nomina-tions of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and Makan Delrahim, of California, and Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice, Time to be an-nounced, Room to be announced. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 24, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: May 24, business meeting to consider S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 23, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. May 24, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 25, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, May 24, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on the National Guard and Reserve, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. May 24, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, oversight hearing on the General Serv-ices Administration, 10 a.m., H–310, Capitol. May 24, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Develop-ment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Corps of Engineers (Civil Works) and the Bureau of Reclama-tion, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hear-ing on the Department of Education, 11 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Indian Health Service, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Justice, 1:30 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the Department of Homeland Security, 3 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies, budget hearing on the Food and Drug Administra-tion, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Commerce, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. May 25, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Forest Service, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, May 24, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Depart-ment of the Navy FY 2018 Budget Request for Seapower and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Ground Force Modernization Budget Request’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Air Force FY 2018 Budget Request for Seapower and Projection Forces’’, 8 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing en-titled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Priorities for Nuclear Forces and Atomic Energy Defense Activities’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Committee on the Budget, May 24, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2018 Budget’’, 9:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 24, Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Develop-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering Students and Fami-lies to Make Informed Decisions on Higher Education’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 24, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, markup on H. Res. 201, ex-pressing support to the Government of Argentina for its investigation into the terrorist bombing of the Embassy of Israel in Buenos Aires on March 17, 1992; H. Res. 259, expressing concern and condemnation over the polit-ical, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Ven-ezuela; H. Res. 336, reaffirming a strong commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D563 May 22, 2017 the United States—Mexico Partnership; and H.R. 1918, the ‘‘Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act of 2017’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Deal Fallout: The Global Threat of Iran’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 25, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2484, the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017’’; and S. 371, the ‘‘Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Vietnam: Why Religious Freedom and Human Rights Are Critical to U.S. National Interest’’, 12:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, May 24, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Architect of the Capitol’s Office of Inspector General’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, May 24, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2431, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforce-ment Act’’; H.R. 2407, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and for other purposes; H.R. 2406, to amend section 442 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, and for other purposes; and the ‘‘Se-cret Service Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, May 24, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining Impacts of Federal Natural Resources Laws Gone Astray’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. May 24, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing on the ‘‘Community Reclamation Part-nerships Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 24, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy and the Environ-ment; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled, ‘‘Examining ‘Sue and Settle’ Agree-ments: Part I’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Improper Payments in the Federal Gov-ernment: Student Aid’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 24, Sub-committee on Research and Technology; and Sub-committee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Overhead Cost of Research’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, May 25, Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce; and Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight, and Regulations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘All Work and No Pay: Change Orders Delayed for Small Construction Contractors’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. May 24, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Financial Management’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, May 24, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2372, ‘‘Veterans Equal Treatment En-sures Relief and Access Now Act’’; H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; and H.R. 2581, the ‘‘Verify First Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. May 24, Full Committee, hearing on President Trump’s budget proposals for fiscal year 2018, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD564 May 22, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, and vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination at approximately 11 a.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 953—Re-ducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E690 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E690 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E692 Collins, Doug, Ga., E691 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E688 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E689 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E693 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E687, E691 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E689 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E692 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E692 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E688, E692 Messer, Luke, Ind., E689 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E688 Pittenger, Robert, N.C., E691 Posey, Bill, Fla., E691 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E687, E689 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E687 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E693 Takano, Mark, Calif., E692 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E690 Walden, Greg, Ore., E689 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E687, E688, E690, E691, E693 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 23, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22MY7.REC D22MYPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST