Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4651 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 2017 No. 97 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 7, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEJOHN-
SONto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
TURKISH CRACKDOWN ON PEACEFUL PROTESTERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on May 16, a group of peaceful protesters gathered at a public park outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence in northwest Washington, D.C. They came from a va-riety of backgrounds—Armenian, Kurd-ish, Yazidi, and more—but they shared a common concern about developments in Turkey, including the crackdown on political opposition and free speech in that country and Turkey’s continued denial of the Armenian genocide. About a mile away, Turkey’s Presi-dent, Tayyip Erdogan was received warmly by President Trump at the White House, with no mention of Tur-key’s human rights abuses and growing authoritarianism. The protesters felt, and rightly so, that they had to exer-cise their First Amendment rights and raise their voices in dissent, the very dissent which has been violently squelched by Erdogan in his own coun-try. What happened next was a chaotic and violent confrontation that left 11 people injured, 2 of whom required hos-pitalization. Tensions were already high, with pro-Turkish counter-pro-testers outside the residence scuffling with protesters. When Erdogan and his entourage ar-rived, the situation quickly spiraled out of control. As he exited his car, ob-serving the protests, Erdogan can be seen on video speaking briefly to his security detail, and soon thereafter, several of these men, some of them armed with handguns, rushed past D.C. police officers to violently confront protesters, causing several injuries. The images that you see to my right are indelible and bloody. A Kurdish woman was put in a choke hold and told by the dark-suited man who at-tacked her that he was going to kill her. Protesters, men and women alike, were knocked to the ground and as-saulted with kicks to the face and torso. This was not a scuffle. It was a full- fledged assault by professional thugs on a peaceful protest. Such scenes have become common in Turkey, where state-sponsored violence and repression have become the chief instrument to cement Erdogan’s power. Selahattin Demirtas was, until re-cently, the leader of the Kurdish HDP party and someone I had the honor to meet 2 years ago, and now he sits in prison as prosecutors seek to sentence him to 143 years of confinement. Turkey has become the world’s lead-ing jailer of journalists, most recently adding French photojournalist Mathias Depardon, held in solitary confinement and without charge, to the ranks of 81 journalists currently imprisoned. Mr. Speaker, Erdogan cannot export the violent repression he visits on his own citizens to our streets. The vio-lence of May 16 can’t go unanswered or forgotten. Yesterday the House unanimously passed H. Res. 354, condemning the at-tacks and calling on the administra-tion to pursue justice and hold those who carried out these attacks respon-sible, whether they be Turkish or not. This is a good start, but it cannot be the end. The D.C. police department is carrying out an investigation into the attacks, and ultimately they will re-quire cooperation from Turkish au-thorities in identifying those respon-sible. Nothing that Turkey has done so far indicates that that cooperation will be forthcoming, and indeed, rather than show even the slightest contrition after their security forces assaulted Americans, authorities in Ankara in-stead summoned the U.S. Ambassador to lodge a complaint against the United States and police officers who sought to keep the peace. The message from Turkey is as clear as day: We can do as we please whether at home to our own citizens or on your own American soil. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to af-firm that we will not allow Turkey to beat innocent protesters on the streets of our Nation’s capital. We will con-tinue to pursue justice and to make clear that America will always stand up for the right of peaceful and free ex-pression. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.000 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4652 June 7, 2017 
THE NEED FOR FOREIGN ASSISTANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the importance of the U.S. International Affairs Budget for America’s economic prosperity. Re-cently, more than 220 leaders from America’s business community, from Fortune 500 companies to local cham-bers of commerce, wrote to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson about the stra-tegic investments in development and diplomacy that advance America’s in-terests overseas and support jobs at home. I am particularly proud that the CEOs of Land O’Lakes and Cargill—two Minnesota-based companies—helped lead this critical effort. Minnesota businesses understand they need the support of America’s diplomats and de-velopment professionals at the State Department and USAID in the inter-national marketplace to succeed. For less than 1 percent of the Federal budget, our diplomats and development workers help create good governance and stability in developing countries around the world. These efforts enable their economies to grow, creating new markets for American goods in a high-ly competitive global marketplace. With 95 percent of the world’s con-sumers living outside of our borders, some of our fastest growing economies are in developing countries. Currently, 41 million American jobs depend on international trade, including 800,000 in the great State of Minnesota. We sim-ply can’t afford to disengage from the world. We also know that individuals who experience economic growth and trade with one another prefer peace over conflict. If the United States is to remain an economic powerhouse that continues to create jobs for hardworking Americans here at home, we must invest in our critical development and diplomacy agencies. If we don’t, our economic competitors and, God forbid, our en-emies certainly will. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to protect funding for the International Affairs Budget. 
A WELL -DESERVED AWARD  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career of Forest Lake Area Schools’ early childhood special education teacher, Heide Muhs. Heide is retiring at the end of this school year. Heide is concluding her professional career in education with a huge achievement. Recently she re-ceived the Early Childhood Profes-sional of the Year Lifetime Excellence Award. This award recognizes an indi-vidual who has made a lasting dif-ference in the lives of children with special needs and their families. This is an area where Heide has excelled dur-ing her career. Heide is no stranger to the needs of these families. For her, it is personal. In fact, she has two adopted sons with special needs. Through her personal ex-perience and unwavering dedication to those in her care, Heide has managed to help and strengthen families throughout central Minnesota. I am proud to stand here today and to thank Heide for her commitment to our children’s future. We wish you the best in your retirement, Heide. You de-serve it. BUSH FELLOWSHIP FOR MINNESOTANS  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements of two Minnesotans from my district. Scott Glew of Elk River and Emmanuel Oppong of St. Cloud have received Bush Fellowships. During his service in the Army Na-tional Guard, Scott was deeply affected by the human suffering he witnessed. That is why, in his current job as an educator, Scott is determined to teach his students about global conflicts. He has advocated for making social stud-ies a main component of our students’ curriculum. With his fellowship, Scott plans to earn a Ph.D. to expand and im-prove upon our education curriculum. Mr. Oppong is originally from Ghana and knows firsthand that mental health is not a priority for many cul-tures. That is why he works as a coun-selor for immigrants and refugees deal-ing with culture shock and trauma. With his fellowship, Emmanuel plans to learn how to raise awareness of men-tal health issues and implement edu-cation plans to improve the health and well-being of our communities. I am deeply impressed with these in-dividuals and their commitment to the common good, and I wish them well as they pursue their goals. 
AN INCREDIBLE GOLD STAR  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank Ally Haas, a student at Sartell High School. Recently, Ally completed a project that has helped elementary students at St. Francis Xavier Elementary School by pairing them with high school and college students for weekly tutoring sessions. The project has been incred-ibly successful. Due to the success of her project, Ally received a Gold Award from the Girl Scouts. This is the highest award the Girl Scouts has to offer. It is no co-incidence that Ally has become such a civic-minded young woman, as she is a fourth-generation Girl Scout. In fact, Ally’s mother received the Gold Award in 1985. Congratulations, Ally. We are proud of you and we are looking forward to your bright future and continued suc-cess. 
f 
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, we waste a lot of time in the House Judici-ary Committee passing bills we have already passed year after year that go nowhere. But now evidence is growing that our elections were interfered with by a foreign adversary, evidence that the President and Attorney General have been less than truthful about their meetings and relationship with this foreign adversary. And other com-mittees in this body and the Senate and at the Justice Department have launched investigations into the behav-ior and truthfulness of the President, his subordinates, his family; but from the House Judiciary Committee, we have heard exactly nothing, not a peep, not a hearing or a subpoena, nada, zip, nothing. Just crickets. When I joined the Judiciary Com-mittee, I remember hearing something about how the committee has jurisdic-tion over the enforcement of laws, the courts, the conduct of the executive branch, especially when it comes to law enforcement agencies like the FBI, Justice Department, activities that may or may not be criminal. And guess what. I was right. You need look no further than the commit-tee’s website, where it proudly pro-claims: ‘‘The committee’s weighty agenda has frequently placed it in a central role in American politics, most notably during its consideration of im-peachment charges against Presidents of the United States in both 1974 and 1998.’’ So with all due respect to the Intel-ligence Committee, the Oversight Com-mittee, and our colleagues in the Sen-ate, it is the Judiciary Committee in the House where impeachment begins. We are like the grand jury of the House of Representatives when it comes to impeachment. Robert Mueller, the former FBI Di-rector investigating the President, will not be able to indict him while he is President no matter what he uncovers. Most legal scholars argue a sitting President cannot be indicted in crimi-nal court. So it is the Judiciary Committee that will bring charges if there is evi-dence of ‘‘Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors,’’ as provided in Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution. But here we are with evidence that the Attorney General lied to a com-mittee of Congress about his contacts with senior Russian officials and lied on his security clearance application about contacts with Russian officials who are suspected by our government of being covert espionage operatives, with evidence that hacking and other activities, in fact, took place directed by Russia. And nothing from the Judi-ciary Committee. The Attorney General publicly recused himself from any matters at the Justice Department related to the investigation of Russia contacts, but the Attorney General played a role in the firing of FBI Director James Comey. And we know now, because the President said so, that the firing of Comey, the FBI Director that was in-vestigating him, was done because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.003 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4653 June 7, 2017 
President said he was ‘‘under great pressure’’ from the Russia investiga-tion. And still nothing from the Judici-ary Committee. Now, let’s go back to those two dates when the Judiciary Committee says we played a central role in American poli-tics. In 1974, we had a criminal con-spiracy that involved tampering with elections that went all the way to the Oval Office. It involved firing senior Justice Department officials who were part of the investigation. They asked the intelligence community to dis-credit those investigations in 1974. And there were secretly recorded conversa-tions. Sound familiar? President Nixon soon resigned be-cause he knew what was coming. In 1998, the issue of whether the President of the United States had lied to a grand jury about an extramarital sexual encounter with a consenting adult who was a subordinate, that is what that was about. House Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde of the great State of Illinois, who, as it turned out, knew a thing or two about extra-marital sexual encounters with con-senting adults, passed four Articles of Impeachment, along an almost exclu-sively party-line vote. An impeach-ment trial was held in the Senate, which became an epic embarrassment to the Republican Party and to this body. But now, given all of the evi-dence of electoral tampering, the ap-parent efforts to cover it up, the ac-tions of the President and the Attorney General to deflect and derail investiga-tions, that, to me and to others, ap-pears to be attempts at or actual ob-struction of justice. From the committee of jurisdiction that is supposed to be in charge and taking action, what do we have? Not a peep, not a hearing, not a subpoena, nada, zip, nothing. Just crickets. Mr. Speaker, that has got to change, and I suspect it will, because it has to. The Constitution says it has to. Judiciary Committee, it is time to act and fulfill your constitutional re-sponsibilities. 
f 
b1015 PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to commend President Trump on his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord. For emphasis, the Paris climate ac-cord is not now and never has been an agreement that binds the United States of America because it was never ratified by Congress. More specifically, the Paris climate accord, a treaty, was never ratified by the Senate pursuant to Article II, sec-tion 2 of the United States Constitu-tion. Rather, in yet another example of disdain for America’s constitutional Republic, the Obama administration refused to seek Senate approval of the treaty. By declining to move forward on a poorly negotiated bad deal, President Trump kept his promise to the Amer-ican people to put America first. Lest there be any doubt, the Paris climate accord intentionally hurt America to the benefit of competitor nations. In a global redistribution of the wealth scheme, the Paris climate accord called for America to give away tens of billions of dollars to other countries. That is tens of billions of ad-ditional taxpayer dollars on top of America’s existing foreign aid give-aways. That is money America does not have, has to borrow to get, and cannot afford to pay back. That is nuts. America must stop borrowing money to send overseas to help other coun-tries take jobs from Americans. Is that really so hard for the left to under-stand? The Paris climate accord undermined America’s economy by putting Amer-ican employees at a competitive dis-advantage. By way of but one example, a comprehensive new study prepared by NERA Economic Consulting estimates that the Paris climate accord could cost the American economy $3 trillion in gross domestic product and 6.5 mil-lion industrial sector jobs over the next two decades. President Trump is right. America must lead by putting America’s na-tional interests first. The Paris climate accord failed to do that. By way of example, under the Paris climate accord, China and India, two of the biggest and worst polluters on Earth, have no new air pollution con-trol obligations until 2030, at the ear-liest. Contrast the abysmal environmental record of China and India with that of America. And let’s be clear, without a Paris climate accord, America’s carbon dioxide emissions have been and are being reduced. For example, between the years 2000 and 2014, the United States reduced its carbon dioxide emis-sions by more than 18 percent. Further, over the past 50 years, America has been the world’s environ-mental leader. No country on Earth has done more to reduce pollution by cleaning our air, cleaning our water, and properly disposing of hazardous waste. That 50-year record is compel-ling evidence that America’s focus on being good environmental stewards will continue, with or without the Paris climate accord. That is world leadership. I know of nothing that says we are going to stop being the world’s envi-ronmental leader. That 50-year record is also compelling evidence that Amer-ica can and will lead on our own with-out hamstringing ourselves with a badly negotiated, one-sided Paris cli-mate accord that reduces America’s wealth while costing struggling Amer-ican families their jobs. In summary, I am proud that Presi-dent Trump puts America first. Amer-ica should not and must not yield even a smidgen of our national sovereignty to the dictates of other, lesser nations. Despite liberal climate-scare and so-cialist Democrat hysteria to the con-trary, America has been and is, by al-most every standard, the greatest Na-tion in world history. With an America First attitude, America will continue its 75-year streak as the greatest Nation in the history of the world, second to none. f 
EXTEND HAITIAN TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 min-utes. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 6- month extension for Haitian temporary protected status recipients living in the United States, and for whom I be-lieve our country should offer perma-nent residency. Temporary protected status, also known as TPS, offers forms of relief from removal under changing living conditions. In 2010, Haiti was struck by the worst earthquake in the past 200 years, kill-ing more than 160,000 people and dis-placing close to 1.5 million. The United States played an intri-cate role in bringing some of the Hai-tians to the United States, providing them with a safe haven, because that is what we do. Booker Washington captured well the importance of assisting people in need when he said: ‘‘The highest test of the civilization of any race is in its will-ingness to extend a helping hand to the less fortunate.’’ With this in mind, America should move the temporary protected status to permanent resi-dency. Return of the Haitian natives would only continue to set back the progress Haiti has made. The country of Haiti continues to feel the ramifications of the 2010 earthquake. Tens of thousands of people sleep in the streets or under plastic sheets in makeshift camps. The conditions that Haitians endure in the country has led to the spread of dis-ease, which has become a major con-cern. The cholera epidemic has affected nearly 800,000 Haitians, killing over 9,000. Cholera is primarily found in countries with inadequate access to clean water, sanitation, and hygiene. In short, the quality of living in Haiti has created a need for a better life. The economic disparity, extreme poverty, and underdevelopment of Haiti continues to loom. Though it is an island nation with rich culture, Haiti remains the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. Among the 9 million people who reside in Haiti, over half live in extreme poverty, some even living on less than a dollar a day. While in the United States, people con-tinue to contribute to our economy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.004 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4654 June 7, 2017 
our diversity, and to our ever-evolving culture. This embodies the epitome of a mutualistic relationship. The people of Haiti and the United States have had a long and complex re-lationship dating back to pre-slavery days. Our cultures and our respective economic histories and destinies are deeply intertwined. I greatly urge my colleagues to sup-port the permanent extension of Hai-tians being protected from mass depor-tation. For 7 years, these Haitians have greatly benefited the American com-munities of which they have been a part. To pull them away from these communities at such a pivotal point in both the United States’ and Haiti’s his-tory would equate to nothing short of gross negligence. Let us not neglect the principle of which our Nation was founded upon and continue to assume the role of our predecessors. Help those who are less fortunate. 
f 
VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in the last 2 months alone, reports indi-cate that nearly 3,000 Venezuelans have been jailed and 69 have been killed by the regime. Peaceful protests have led Venezuelan strongman Nicolas Maduro to issue a decree to convene a con-stituent National Assembly, what he calls a constituente, in order to rewrite Venezuela’s constitution. But as we all know, Mr. Speaker, Maduro is fooling no one. This is just another attempt to undermine and dis-credit the current democratically elected legislature in the National As-sembly. Another attempt of a power grab which seeks to consolidate more power around the executive and pos-sibly rewrite the constitution to favor only one individual: Nicolas Maduro. Another attempt to pull a fast one over some in the international community who may make the mistake and call this weak and dangerous gesture progress. But we know the truth. This is not progress. In fact, this is a major set-back to democracy. Maduro is once again trying to delay the inevitable: free, fair, transparent, and democratic elections in Venezuela under the super-vision of credible international observ-ers. Making matters worse, Goldman Sachs is also adding to the Venezuelan people’s misery. Last week, the invest-ment bank bought $2.8 billion in Ven-ezuelan bonds, not only providing the Maduro regime a lifeline in the short term but saddling the Venezuelan peo-ple with crippling debt repayments in the long term. When, not if, a democratically elect-ed president comes to the Venezuelan people, they will be stuck with the bill and face the responsibility to pay for this debt. With so many Venezuelans lacking basic goods, including food, many have taken to calling these bonds hunger bonds, as the regime lines its own pockets and the Venezuelan people con-tinue to suffer. This is unconscionable, Mr. Speaker. Venezuela’s pervasive corruption means any infusion of cash like Gold-man Sachs will not benefit the people of Venezuela who desperately need it. Instead, Maduro and his thugs fill their coffers and use the cash to abuse the Venezuelan people and use it to stay in power. Venezuela’s state-owned oil com-pany, PDVSA, was already sanctioned in the year 2011, for helping Iran avoid its own sanctions. Venezuela’s Tarek El Aissami, second in command to Maduro, was sanctioned by our U.S. Treasury Department early this year under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act. Can you imagine? The regime’s longstanding ties to drug traf-ficking and other illicit activities are only now being exposed, and U.S. busi-nesses should be avoiding deals with Maduro like the plague. But the private sector is not the only one aiding the Maduro regime. Sadly, the U.S. government is also helping prop up the regime. How? By allowing purchases of Venezuelan oil. This keeps Maduro afloat. In 2016, Venezuela re-mained the third largest foreign crude oil supplier to the United States behind Canada and Saudi Arabia. In 2016, oil exports from Venezuela were valued at $10.5 billion. During the first 3 months of 2017, value of oil exports from Ven-ezuela to us here in the United States was already worth $3.5 billion. Finan-cial transactions like these made to Maduro or any other despotic regime should be prevented. We have a moral obligation to re-spect the suffering needs of the Ven-ezuelan people and help alleviate this suffering. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REUNIFICATION OF  
JERUSALEM  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, later today, together with Israel’s Am-bassador to the United States, Ron Dermer, we will be joined live from Je-rusalem by Prime Minister Netanyahu and Speaker of the Knesset Edelstein for a special event to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the reunifica-tion of Jerusalem—Israel’s eternal cap-ital. I led a congressional delegation visit to Israel last week, and we met with both Prime Minister Netanyahu and Speaker Edelstein at the Knesset in Je-rusalem. b1030 We also toured the famous City of David and saw discoveries that prove, without a doubt, that Jews have lived in Jerusalem for millennia. This is im-portant, Mr. Speaker, because there are efforts at the United Nations—at UNESCO and the Human Rights Coun-cil—that seek to erase all Jewish ties to Jerusalem. As we are set to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Jerusalem’s reuni-fication, we should take this oppor-tunity to rebuff such efforts at the U.N. and, instead, reinforce that Jerusalem is, was, and always will be the eternal home of the Jewish people. f 
HEALTHY FARMS: HEALTHY ECONOMY AND A SECURE NATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the foundation of healthy living and healthy commu-nities: our food, which comes from our farms. This month is both National Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Month and Na-tional Dairy Month. Although we should bring attention to the impor-tance of eating these nutrient-rich foods, dairy and fresh fruits and vege-tables play a much larger role, as we know, in the health of our commu-nities and our country, and they do so not just by providing us food. In California, we know that dairy products and fresh fruits and vegeta-bles are an integral part of our healthy community and a strong economy. Our farmers also provide economic develop-ment in other sectors as businesses are created and expand, investments are made, and innovations arise to support the needs of these farmers and farm communities. But the economic contributions of California agriculture—American agri-culture—do not end at our borders. In California, we produce half of the Na-tion’s fruits and vegetables, and we are the top milk producing State in the Nation. The men and women who own and work on these farms provide both nutritious food for our families and create thousands of jobs across the country. We know we must make sure that our farmers have the tools to do so, but our farmers need a reliable source of water, a legal and stable workforce, and ac-cess to export markets, in other words, fair trade agreements. We must also ensure that American agriculture is sustainable. We must continue to ensure that it is sustain-able for our well-being and the well- being of future generations to come be-cause the bottom line is food does not come from a grocery store. Food comes from our farmers and the land that they farm. Our food supply is a national security issue, but it never really gets looked at in that light. So by investing in crit-ical programs and infrastructure projects—by ensuring that our farmers have the water, the workforce, and the access to foreign markets—we are not only investing in our farms, but we are investing in the long-term health and security of our Nation. What is more, people don’t realize it, but less than 3 percent of our Nation’s population is directly involved in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.006 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4655 June 7, 2017 
production of food and fiber. This is part of the amazing development of American agriculture. So equally cru-cial for the sustainability of American agriculture are our export markets and our trade agreements. That means im-proving NAFTA, continuing to engage with our European allies, and not turn-ing our back on Asia. In fiscal year 2016, the United States exported $129 billion worth of agricul-tural products. We not only feed our Nation every night, but we grow more than enough to export abroad. We must maintain good relations with our top trade partners and continue to lower trade barriers to existing and new for-eign markets. So let’s not just focus on healthy eat-ing during National Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Month and National Dairy Month; let’s take the opportunity to discuss how we will work together to ensure that our farmers, ranchers, and dairymen and -women can continue to contribute not only to America’s din-ner tables, but to our communities and to our economy. The health and secu-rity of our Nation depends on it. 
CONGRATULATING ANANYA VINAY  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, let me also give a shout-out to Ananya Vinay, the 2017 National Spelling Bee champion, from Fresno, California. We are all proud of her accomplishments. Obvi-ously, this young lady has a great fu-ture ahead of her. Congratulations, once again, on be-coming the 2017 National Spelling Bee champion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF ROY HERTEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) for 5 min-utes. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of my friend Roy Hertel, who passed away Thursday, May 25, at the age of 68. Roy was a true public servant and community leader in Montgomery County, Illinois. Throughout his life and career, he held many roles in the region and had an immeasurable im-pact on countless lives, including mine. As a teacher, circuit clerk, county board chairman, and administrator for the county’s Department of Health and Human Services in the State of Illi-nois, Roy’s career was defined by his dedication to bettering the lives of those not only in Montgomery County, but also throughout central Illinois. His involvement in the region went far beyond his career. Roy was an ac-tive member of the Disciples of Christ in Hillsboro; a 45-year member of the Lions Club, where he had held all of-fices, the district lieutenant governor and district governor in 1991 and 1992; a member of the Mt. Moriah Masonic Lodge Number 51 A.F. & A.M. in Hills-boro; president of the Circuit Clerk’s Association; a member of the Hillsboro Moose Lodge Number 1377; part of the Hillsboro Sports Association; and served as chairman, until his death, of the Montgomery County Board. Roy also served as a coach for both youth baseball and soccer leagues, and was a dedicated fan and supporter of every sports team that his son played on and every child played on in Hills-boro, Illinois. He was especially fond of the Hillsboro Junior High Dragons that his son started on, clear up until his son played for the Gateway Grizzlies. My thoughts and prayers are with Nanci and the rest of Roy’s family and friends, as central Illinois has lost a leader whose presence will be tremen-dously missed. f 
REFORM OUR BROKEN MILITARY JUSTICE SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, for more than 7 years, I have spoken out against the broken military justice system that allows commanders to decide how sexual assaults and other criminal of-fenses are prosecuted under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice. Our servicemembers are stuck in a world where their fates rest within the chain of command, where bias is king and justice often a jester. Today, I stand here sick at heart that, once again, a rape conviction has been overturned because of the broken military justice system. In this in-stance, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces threw out Airman Rodney Boyce’s rape and assault con-viction because of the involvement of Lieutenant General Craig Franklin, who referred the case to court-martial. This all came about because, in 2013, General Franklin was admonished by his superiors for tossing out the aggra-vated sexual assault conviction of a fellow F–16 pilot, a unanimous decision by a jury of his peers. Certainly, a gen-eral should not have the power to over-turn the findings of a court of law sim-ply because he thinks his buddy could not possibly have committed the sex-ual assault. But because Franklin was appro-priately admonished for this abuse of power, the U.S. Court of Appeals found that his subsequent decision to move forward with an entirely separate Boyce case constituted unlawful com-mand influence. This is made more ridiculous by two facts: first, the military judge during the actual trial found no evidence of unlawful command influence; second, the appeals court that threw out the Boyce case also did not find evidence of unlawful command influence, just the ‘‘appearance’’ of it. So, apparently, unlawful command influence is like pornography: there is no definition, but judges know it when they see it. Colleagues, it is past time to reform this unjust system that ignores jury decisions on the whim of a convening authority. The military must remove the power to decide whether or not to prosecute sexual assault cases from the chain of command and give the author-ity to independent military prosecu-tors. I have met with countless survivors who have suffered in unique and horri-fying ways. There is a hauntingly clear pattern to nearly all of their experi-ences: the perpetrator was let off the hook and the victim fellow service-member was revictimized by an unjust system, all at the hands of the chain of command that is supposed to be there to protect and defend them. The sense of betrayal by their com-mand is marrow deep and life altering. Many describe the feelings of this be-trayal more akin to a violation at the hands of a family member rather than a boss or coworker. All that we need to do is to allow trained and experienced lawyers in the military to make a legal judgment about a crime. This in no way impacts the commander’s authority. It simply gives servicemembers what we civil-ians take for granted, which is relying on a trained prosecutor to decide whether to move forward with serious charges of sexual assault. Our servicemembers deserve and need a system that they can trust to be fair and impartial. Letting a convicted rap-ist walk free because of a mere appear-ance of unlawful command influence— forget the fact that he was, in fact, convicted of the assault—shows just how deep the problem runs. As this case shows, the perception and the reality is that commanders with a built-in conflict of interest and with little or no legal training are de-ciding whether to move forward to trial. They make this decision not sole-ly based on legal reasoning, but a myr-iad of other factors—like how well they fly a jet or how well they are liked by others—that should not be injected into the decisionmaking. Our servicemembers deserve and need a system that they can trust to be fair and impartial. We have the power and duty to fundamentally reform the sys-tem to ensure that they are treated with a level of fairness that befits their sacrifice and service. Mr. Speaker, the words of one mili-tary servicemember still haunt me and ring in my ears, when she said to me: 
I joined the military to fight the enemy. I never thought that he would be right next to me. f 
HONORING THE AMERICAN FARMER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an often overlooked and sometimes underappreciated American hero: the American farmer. The American farmer has been work-ing the land since before the founding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.007 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4656 June 7, 2017 
of this country. Early settlers quickly discovered that America is endowed with abundant natural resources, rich soil, and temperate conditions that provide a solid foundation for a vibrant agrarian economy. Fast-forward a few hundred years, and today the United States is the number one exporter of agricultural products in the world. In fact, farming accounts for over $163 billion each year. This production not only helps make our GDP the highest in the world, but it also helps feed billions worldwide, often in the most hard-to- reach places where food insecurity and malnutrition are chronic problems. According to the most recent data from the USDA, family farms account for 99 percent of all farms in the U.S. and 89 percent of America’s agricul-tural production. Ninety percent of the farms in the U.S. are considered small, and these small farms account for the vast majority of American farmers. This is equally true in Indiana, where, although we are the 38th largest State geographically, we rank in the top 10 in total agricultural sales. Production in Indiana supports over 245,000 jobs, and corn, soybeans, hogs, poultry, and dairy have a combined $10 billion economic impact statewide. Simply put, ag is a really big deal in Indiana, and the Hoosier farmer does all of the heavy lifting. Safe, affordable food is important to our national security, and a reliable, sustainable food source is crucial to safeguarding public health while pre-serving economic independence. That is why we should support our Nation’s agricultural producers in every way that we can. b1045 This includes supporting the U.S. crop insurance program, which pro-vides an important safety net to farm-ers who assume major risks with each seed that they put in the ground. As re-cent natural disasters have made all too clear, widespread weather events can trigger huge losses for America’s family farmers. Without a national reinsurance pool, growers would have far fewer options available, many crops would be ex-cluded, few could participate in the program, and growers would be forced to turn to Congress for assistance whenever disaster struck. That would be particularly true in areas where droughts and floods are common. Through the crop insurance program, insurers can extend coverage to crops of all kind, providing farmers with the protections they need to do what they do best: grow food. This program is an example of the government partnering with industry to offer an exceptionally valuable service while maintaining a carefully limited Federal Government role. Frankly, it should be used as a model for other Federal reinsurance programs. It is a success story, and even if you are not a farmer, you have benefited from its existence. It has helped you receive more affordable food and helped America maintain its agricultural pre-eminence. That is a great result for virtually every American. Mr. Speaker, as Congress begins working on the next farm bill, I hope my colleagues recognize the value of our Federal crop insurance program and the important role that it plays in supporting the American farmer while he or she supports the American con-sumer. 
f 
ROCKY MOUNTAIN NATIONAL PARK AND THE EFFECTS OF CLI-MATE CHANGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, last week, I spent our congressional recess in the Rocky Mountain National Park, home to some of America’s most unique and breathtaking natural won-ders, in an attempt to better under-stand the mounting impacts climate change has on our national parks and all of our public lands across the coun-try. More than 4.5 million people from across America and the world visit the Rockies every year to take in the snowcapped peaks, the winding rivers, and the endless evergreen forests. They see herds of elk and bighorn sheep, and hear the screeching call of the moun-tain pika, a small furry creature that I can personally attest makes one of the most distinctive sounds in the moun-tains. Visitors to the park, like me, can ex-perience all four seasons in an hour as they drive up Trail Ridge Road from the sunny, low-elevation valleys, to the top of 12,000-foot peaks covered in 20- foot snowdrifts. It is impossible not to appreciate the intricate balance of na-ture while standing in that environ-ment, the way that each species is fine-ly tuned to survive in its surroundings and the way that each depends on the other. Unfortunately, this careful balance is being shaken to its very core by man-made climate change as well as the de-nial of its existence by a very small group of post-science, post-research skeptics. For centuries, bark beetles and lodgepole pines maintained a special relationship. Beetles, held in check by deep, cold winters, ate and killed some of the largest and oldest trees, opening up valuable forest real estate for new, younger trees to thrive. Now, however, thanks to warming global tempera-tures, those cold winters haven’t come and beetle populations have boomed, killing literally millions of trees in the Rocky Mountains. Formerly green mountainsides are dotted, or even dominated, by the sil-ver skeletons of pines, it is one of the most conspicuous changes to visitors of the park. The little pika is another of many species whose way of life is dis-appearing as global warming drives temperatures higher and higher. As summer temperatures spike, many of these creatures are dying out. Humans are not immune to these impacts ei-ther. Warming winters cause more and more of the mountain’s precipitation to fall as rain instead of snow, allowing it to run off or soak into the soil. The snowpack, which for generations has fed the Colorado River, is diminishing and, with it, our reliable and already taxed water source for seven Western States. It was uncanny, Mr. Speaker, to be standing at the headwaters of the Colo-rado River, a mere creek in the Rock-ies, learning about the ways manmade warming is changing the world around us at the same time the President was withdrawing the United States from the historic Paris Agreement. It was tragic irony to be in that envi-ronment to hear this devastating an-nouncement. It was truly inexplicable to be surrounded by one of many na-tional treasures as our Federal Govern-ment announced their decision to aban-don them when they are needed most. The agreement, an unprecedented show of global will to tackle a truly global problem, isn’t an end-all, as some less-enlightened critics have said. It is a framework, a roadmap to get the pollution reductions started, to ensure a safe, sustainable, and economically prosperous future. It supports an eco-nomic model built for the long haul, one that protects lives and livelihoods, while wasting less and producing more. These are irrefutable costs to leaving the Paris Agreement. By removing us from the agreement, the President isn’t canceling it. He is simply ensuring that we are the ones who will be left behind as the world moves forward without us. We will be left behind with the cost of polluted air, preventable and expensive illness, and shrinking, uncompetitive fossil fuel industries that imperil their work-ers and drag the economy down. It will cost us standing as a world leader in innovation as other countries step forward to fill the void that we have created and realize the benefits of clean-energy jobs, reliable public tran-sit, and stable supply chains for busi-nesses. They understand that climate change affects us all, no matter our income or whether we are in the middle of a major city or on the top of the great Rocky Mountains. The 194 nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will continue to act, not because the U.S. once told them to do so, but because it is the right thing to do and it is in their best interest from economic gain and public health to national security and stewardship. I encourage everyone to go visit the mountains. Go spend a week with the incredible men and women of the Na-tional Park Service who have dedi-cated their lives to understanding and protecting America’s precious natural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.009 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4657 June 7, 2017 
places. Then come back here, and I guarantee that you will understand why we need to act. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because we are told that this week is Infrastructure Week. After four con-tentious months of a new President, and all that has been contained in those 4 months, I actually saw a glim-mer of hope and possibility around the idea that we might finally come to-gether to do something for our con-stituents in an area that they tell us is absolutely essential. I worry, Mr. Speaker, that we are going to let this opportunity be lost in the political roil that is already con-suming this idea of a week that we de-vote to infrastructure. So I want to stand here, Mr. Speaker, and say, let’s not let this idea go. It is too important. The improvement of our roadways and our bridges, our airports, and our railways is absolutely essential to the quality of life of every single constituent of every single Member of this House. As I talk to the business leaders in my district, the fact that they have a challenge in moving their people and their goods, that sometimes getting to work is a 2-hour proposition, are the things that hold them back. I know that the Republicans and the Democrats disagree on an awful lot, but we have to be able to agree on the fundamental notion that if we don’t have a functioning transportation in-frastructure, if our airplanes and ships and rails and cars don’t move well, this country cannot be great, and our econ-omy will be damaged. These last 4 months have been pretty rough. We got—kicked off with a repeal of the Affordable Care Act; and I under-stand that my Republican friends had been promising that for years, but it was a brutal experience. It failed on the floor. The American public hates the bill that so many of my Republican friends were cajoled into voting for, much to their political peril. There was an alternative start to this Presidency. There was this fantasy alternative start that has the Presi-dent, shortly after his inauguration, saying to the American people: I know that this campaign was tough and the rhetoric was as ugly as it ever has been in an American campaign, but we are going to come together now, in Janu-ary of 2017, to restitch the Nation, lit-erally and figuratively. Literally means we are going to work together to rebuild the infrastructure of this country. Sadly, that is an alternate reality that did not happen, and so we are con-sumed in Twitter feuds and partisan-ship and some of the most difficult to pass legislation that ultimately is not likely to become law, but which will continue to split the parties in this Chamber. It is not too late, though, Mr. Speak-er. I think we can still turn this around. I have the privilege of chairing the New Democrat Coalition, 61 Demo-cratic Members who, as challenged as they feel by this President’s positions and behavior, are hoping for that mo-ment when we can work with Repub-licans, when we can get something done with this President that will be meaningful to our constituents. And I know they, and many other Democrats, will be there for that conversation. To my conservative, even to my Freedom Caucus friends, there is noth-ing more conservative than the idea that you keep your house in order; that you invest so that your children can have the kind of prosperity that we were able to experience. And to the President, I would say: Sir, you seem to be a builder. You seem to have recognized the need for this kind of program when you promised a $1 trillion infrastructure investment. And, sir, I would say, if you look at some of our highways that were built in the 1950s, at the entrance ramp to those highways you will see a sign that says the Dwight D. Eisenhower Inter-state Highway System. Sir, there is no reason why those signs couldn’t have your name on them. So, Mr. Speaker, this problem is so urgent, it is so potentially bipartisan in its solution, that I want to close with the observation that we need to lift this out of the partisan maw and observe, Mr. Speaker, that yesterday we celebrated the Greatest Generation because, 73 years ago yesterday, they stormed the beaches of Normandy. That is part of why we call them the Greatest Generation. But the other part and the other reason we call them that is because they came back to America and they set aside their dif-ferences and they invested in projects like the Interstate Highway System that we all use every day. That is a big part of why we call them the Greatest Generation. They built our country. And now that generation looks at us and they have a question, and that question is: What will you do with that legacy that we built for you? Mr. Speaker, let’s answer that ques-tion in a way that will make them proud. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 57 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. As we begin the 84th year since the heroic efforts of our troops and our al-lies on D-day, help us to be mindful of the freedoms we enjoy and must be vigilant in protecting. Bless our allies throughout the world and all those who stand with us in con-fronting the dangers and evils of our time. In all things, may the United States continue to be a beacon of light and hope. Bless the Members of this people’s House. Give them the wisdom and pa-tience to do the work of Congress even in times of complexity both at home and abroad. God bless America, and help us all to be our best selves. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ANETTA ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PANETTA led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS COURAGEOUS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, President Donald Trump last week courageously announced the withdrawal of the United States from the unconstitutional Paris accords, an unconstitutional treaty comprised of burdensome regulations destroying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.011 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4658 June 7, 2017 
jobs. I am grateful for President Trump’s vision to create jobs for Amer-icans. President Trump has been clear: his first priority is jobs. Sadly, job-de-stroying regulations from the Paris treaty would prevent American jobs while having no positive achievement for American families. Additionally, the Paris Agreement constitutes a treaty, a treaty that should have been submitted for ap-proval to the Senate. Instead, the former President unconstitutionally adopted the treaty by executive order. The best way to achieve a cleaner en-vironment is through limited govern-ment and free market economic growth, creating jobs—not Big Govern-ment mandates with higher taxes, de-stroying jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the citizens of London on the mur-derous terrorist attacks Saturday, as we cherish our shared heritage of D- Day to liberate Europe for freedom. 
f 
MEDICARE (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, a major western New York health insurance provider announced today that they are seeking an almost 50 percent increase in health insurance premiums next year. They cite rising medical and drug costs as reasons for seeking this increase. Medicare is the most successful and popular healthcare system in America. With low administrative costs and high-quality outcomes, Americans ages 50 to 65 should be able to buy in, at their own expense, to Medicare. Under this plan, Medicare could add 10 mil-lion more Americans, using the lever-age of 67 million Americans. Mr. Speaker, this is real leverage to drive down healthcare costs and drive up the quality of that coverage. With real patient protections and full and af-fordable coverage for preexisting dis-eases like cancer and diabetes, Medi-care should be an option for Americans 50 to 65 years old. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EMILY AND MICHAEL BROADBRIDGE (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about some incredible young people back home in Michigan. Meet Emily and Michael Broadbridge. Emily is a sixth grader and Michael is a first grader in Macomb County. This is no ordinary lemonade stand. Instead of simply making money for themselves, Emily and Michael are do-nating all the money they earn to the Homeless Education Project, which provides school supplies and clothes for homeless students in Macomb County. Emily held her first lemonade stand on National Lemonade Day in 2011— yes, there is one—when she was just 5. Her parents thought it would be a good lesson in entrepreneurship, but it be-came so much more when she decided on her own to donate her proceeds to charity. Since then, Emily and her brother, Michael, have raised over $13,000 for the Homeless Education Project. They expect to raise $7,000 this year. Emily and Michael have selflessly put others’ needs before their own. I am proud to recognize them and their example today as role models for our community. f 
‘‘WRONG’’ CHOICE ACT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, this week the House considers the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, so I have one question for this body: Has this House completely forgotten how much pain the housing crisis that triggered the Great Reces-sion has caused the American people? Eleven million people lost their homes; 8 million Americans lost their jobs; people lost their life savings—and that was not some sort of an accident of history. It was the effect of bad pol-icy that allowed financial institutions to prey upon unwitting customers and take everything that they have worked for. That is what precipitated this cri-sis. It wasn’t a storm. It was bad pol-icy. And so what do we have? A bill that will take us right back to where we were, to the conditions that caused the financial crisis in the first place, and take the cop off the beat, essentially eliminating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to protect people. We cannot do this. Let’s reject this bill. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act, replacing the harmful Dodd-Frank Act, with reforms that help all Americans. The CHOICE Act keeps the promise to my constituents to remove Obama- era regulations, increase choice for consumers in my community, and im-pose the toughest penalties in history for financial fraud. Strong communities like the ones I represent in north Texas are based on the strength of their local businesses. Under Dodd-Frank, America loses an average of one community bank every day. The Financial CHOICE Act will help businesses on Main Street reform business on Wall Street and fuel eco-nomic growth throughout the country. I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 10. f 
REMEMBERING JACK O’NEILL (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Jack O’Neill, a Santa Cruz resident, a cultural icon, and a surfing legend. Jack passed away last week at 94 years young. There has been a great amount of love for this man and a great amount of apprecia-tion for what this man did. After serving in the U.S. Navy, he moved to Santa Cruz, where he loved surfing in its cold waters, so much so that he was quoted as saying: ‘‘When you get screwed up, just jump in the ocean and everything is all right.’’ Jack’s love for being in the ocean was demonstrated by being one of the first people to create and the first per-son to market the wetsuit. This led to him and millions of other people being able to surf at any time and at any temperature. He was a trailblazer not just in the ocean, but in life. As a father of seven and grandfather of six, he understood how important it was to preserve our ocean for our children. He was instrumental in designating Santa Cruz as a world surfing reserve, one of only four locations in the world that preserve surf spots and their sur-rounding environment. He created the O’Neill Sea Odyssey, an educational program on a 65-foot- long catamaran that teaches our chil-dren how to be stewards of the ocean. Jack not only bestowed upon us the wetsuit and year-round surfing, he left a legacy for our children to understand that being in and around the ocean really can make everything all right. For that, I thank and I honor Jack O’Neill. 
f 
THE BATTLE OF MIDWAY (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the Chaplain mentioned, in his prayer a few minutes ago, D-day. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to honor the brave Americans who fought the most influential naval battle of World War II: the Battle of Midway. This week marks 75 years since U.S. forces defeated the Japanese Imperial Navy, forever changing the course of history. Victory in this battle allowed the United States and its allies to go on offense for the duration of the war. This was a real turning point in World War II. The Japanese came to the battle from June 4 to June 7, 1942, with the largest armada they had ever assem-bled and the intention to finally defeat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.014 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4659 June 7, 2017 
U.S. Naval forces in the Pacific. An American intelligence breakthrough cracked the Japanese fleet codes, al-lowing us to anticipate and to prepare for this attack. With our mere three carriers to their many carriers, battleships, and cruis-ers, the odds of victory were not in our favor, a true underdog story. The land- based air supports that Midway Island allowed and our naval officers’ un-canny ability to adapt and think on their feet led to our success and kept our country safe from the Axis powers. I was very pleased to work with the late Senator Jesse Helms and the International Midway Memorial Foun-dation to pass legislation declaring Midway Island a national memorial so that it may be protected and forever serve to honor the American lives lost in the pursuit of victory in this war. 
f 
THE ‘‘WRONG’’ CHOICE ACT (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today the House will consider the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. The Republicans would take us back to the good old days. Remember the good old days? Enron, the collapse of Wall Street because of millions of bad mortgages and virtual collateralized debt obligations, and other schemes that pyramided the problem to a point where it caused the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression. Now Goldman Sachs populates the White House. They run the Treasury. Now they want to deregulate Wall Street again with a so-called CHOICE Act. Now, there are problems with over-regulation of the community banks and small banks; they didn’t cause the problem. But they want to say, ‘‘No, let’s just deregulate everybody again,’’ not targeting the problem. So they are going to repeal the Volcker Rule. They are going to do away with the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. No more requiring lenders to be cer-tain that people are borrowers who can repay their loans. No, the credit card companies, the payday lenders, the debt collectors, there are no abuses there. We don’t need a watchdog over-looking them. And then, finally, they do away with something called orderly liquidation authority. Back to the good old days when firms on Wall Street were too big to fail. We can’t have in place a process that would allow us to remove overpaid executives who crash their firm and to make the stockholders pay instead of the taxpayers. That is what this bill does today. It is the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. 
f 
WITHDRAWING FROM PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, when President Trump withdrew from the Paris climate accord last week, I was in Germany meeting with some of that country’s top officials, legislators, and business leaders. In our conversations, many of my German counterparts rightly emphasized that climate change is a major world threat, with potential to cause widespread and long- lasting damage if not acted upon. So the news of President Trump’s unilateral decision drew sharp criti-cism and deep concern. Our longtime allies viewed withdrawal as America ceding international leadership and turning its back on the world. Indeed, withdrawing from the Paris climate accord reduces our ability to help shape a solution to the climate change crisis and retreats from our re-sponsibility to serve as a global leader. It also ignores the role we, here in the United States, play in contributing to climate change. I stand in strong support of American businesses and State and local leaders across our country who see beyond the shortsighted approach of this decision and will remain committed to fur-thering the goals of the Paris accord. f 
b1215 ROLLING BACK FINANCIAL REGU-LATIONS WILL PUT OUR COUN-TRY’S ECONOMIC SECURITY AT RISK (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, rolling back financial regulations that are in place to protect the American people will put them and our country’s eco-nomic security at risk. However, the Financial CHOICE Act that is being considered by Congress today does just that: it erodes protections against dis-honest big bank practices that rob peo-ple of their hard-earned salaries. This bill repeals the Volcker rule. It dismantles the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, strips regulations in place to protect the American peo-ple’s savings, and actually lets the big banks maintain even less capital that they need to absorb catastrophic losses, making it so that they are rely-ing once again on the American tax-payer to bail them out. We don’t need to remind the families who have suffered so much about the pain caused by the Great Recession. In my own home State of Hawaii, from 2008 to 2010, our unemployment rate more than doubled, and 11 million peo-ple in America lost their homes. The big banks of 2008 are even bigger and more powerful today. I urge my colleagues to reject this dangerous bill and, instead, pass H.R. 790, the Return to Prudent Banking Act, which would reinstate a 21st cen-tury Glass-Steagall Act. WHERE ARE THE JOBS? (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, our focus should be on education and job creation. We should invest in transpor-tation and infrastructure; invest in re-search and development; invest in tech-nology and innovation; and invest in working families, middle class folks, and senior citizens. Instead, House Republicans have shortened the workweek and canceled votes on Friday. Why? Apparently because James Comey is testifying tomorrow and they want to get out of town before sundown. That is an abdication of responsibility, a dere-liction of duty, and a classic example of legislative malpractice. ‘‘Where are the jobs?’’ the American people are asking. House Republicans are missing in action and the American people deserve better. f 
FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT WOULD BE A DISASTER FOR THE ENTIRE FINANCIAL SYSTEM (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 10, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. This bill would take us back to the regulatory stone age and would be a disaster for our entire financial sys-tem. It would actually increase risk in the financial system because, under this bill, any bank that meets an arbi-trary new 10 percent leverage ratio would be exempted from all other cap-ital and liquidity requirements. The problem with the leverage ratio is that it treats all assets equally risky. Under the leverage ratio, a subprime mort-gage-backed security is considered just as risky as a U.S. Treasury bond. As a result, many banking regulators have pointed out that relying solely on the leverage ratio would give banks an incentive to get rid of their safest as-sets, like U.S. treasuries, and load up on riskier assets. Incentives matter, Mr. Speaker, and this bill gives banks a huge incentive to load up on risk. We know what risk is like. Eleven million people lost their homes, and many lost their jobs. Let’s not remove the safety net that was put in place with the Dodd-Frank bill. I oppose the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. It is bad for America, bad for people, and the wrong direction. I urge a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. 
f 
DEFEATING THE ISIS ENEMY (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.015 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4660 June 7, 2017 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand shoulder to shoulder with our friends and allies in Great Britain, who have suffered three hor-rific terror attacks in a period of less than 3 months. These attacks at the hands of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria are barbaric, evil, and must be condemned by the en-tire world. These cowards have used ve-hicles, knives, and bombs to rein terror down on London and Manchester, even targeting innocent young girls at a concert hall. Radical Islamic extremism is a vile ideology that must be stamped out at every corner of the world. This is a time for unity of purpose and strong leadership. The United States, our NATO allies, and our allies in the Middle East must chart a unified course towards com-plete destruction of ISIS. As we begin to succeed in the fight, their resolve to attack us will only grow stronger, but we cannot be deterred. Mr. Speaker, freedom and liberty must win over hatred and extremism. We must defeat this enemy, and this Congress stands ready to support this administration in its efforts to do so. 
f 
CONGRATULATING VIRGIN ISLAND STUDENTS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, this month marks the end of the school year for students. And, of course, that means graduation and promotion cele-brations. I want to congratulate all of our stu-dents on their achievements and their proud family members. To our teachers, faculty, and staff, we thank you for your continued com-mitment to educating our children. We know that there are many challenges in today’s learning environment, but amid the challenges we face, you stand strong. We appreciate all of your work. As a representative in Congress for the Virgin Islands, I pledge to continue to support legislation and initiatives that make our children, teachers, and administrators a priority. To the students of the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, I have a message for you: During these summer months, please take this time to continue to learn, participate in the Governor’s reading challenge, find a new hobby, work, and please ex-plore the natural wonder of our home, the Virgin Islands of the United States. Be safe, and best wishes to you all as you continue a productive educational journey. Have a safe and fun-filled summer. 
f 
AUTHORITY OF THE WHITE HOUSE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is often difficult when Members rep-resent different aspects or parties to really speak to what is right. I just came from Europe, meeting with Europeans from a number of coun-tries. I was passing through London in the backdrop of the heinous and tragic London Bridge incident. Many of us saw the courageous mayor of London speak to the people, along with na-tional leadership. So I must indicate my disappoint-ment in the comments of the Com-mander in Chief of this Nation to bash in time of trouble Mayor Khan, a Mus-lim, who has stood against terrorism. Then, of course, the precipitous actions of firing Director Comey and the ru-mors of either firing or asking for the resignation of Attorney General Ses-sions gives me great pause for legisla-tion like the Financial CHOICE Act that would take away the independent authority of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and make the head of that an appointee of the President, so the person who protects consumers will be able to be fired by this Presi-dent. With the words against the London mayor, the firing of Comey, and the threatening of Attorney General Ses-sions, I wonder whether or not we can tolerate any other authority given to this White House to be able to fire peo-ple who are to protect the rights of the American people, and to be able to stand for comments that undermine our allies and the friendships that we have established over the decades working to secure the American peo-ple. Let us think about it. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 7, 2017, at 9:17 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1094. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE IN-STITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s re-appointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 4412, and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Institute of Amer-ican Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N, New Mexico 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2213, ANTI-BORDER COR-RUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 374 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 374 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti- Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Homeland Security now printed in the bill shall be con-sidered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security; (2) the further amend-ment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, if of-fered by the Member designated in the re-port, which shall be in order without inter-vention of any point of order, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 374, which provides a structured rule for consider-ation of H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Cor-ruption Reauthorization Act, and makes in order one amendment. H.R. 2213 is a commonsense, bipar-tisan bill, introduced by Ms. M
CSALLY  from Arizona, that will help ensure we have sufficient Border Patrol agents to secure our border. At this point in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.018 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4661 June 7, 2017 
time, where we are facing tremendous challenges overseas, where we are fac-ing tremendous national security chal-lenges, our Customs and Border Protec-tion is understaffed and unable to meet the congressionally mandated staffing levels for Customs officers and Border Patrol agents. With these ever-increasing threats to our national security, it is vital that we ensure CBP can quickly hire capa-ble and trustworthy individuals to se-cure our border. Currently, prospective officers and Border Patrol agents are required to undergo a background check that includes passing a poly-graph test. This process has been very long and has drastically delayed the CBP’s ability to hire officers and Bor-der Patrol agents. H.R. 2213 simply provides a limited, voluntary exemption to the pre-em-ployment polygraph requirement for State and local law enforcement offi-cers that are in good standing and who have already passed a State and local law enforcement polygraph test, for Federal law enforcement officers who are in good standing, and members of the armed services or veterans who have received or who are eligible to re-ceive an honorable discharge and have held a security clearance and under-gone a thorough background check in the past 5 years. Mr. Speaker, this exemption is very narrow and only applies to men and women that we already trust to protect and defend us at home or abroad: men and women who have already been through relevant security background checks. The CBP would not be required to use this waiver authority; and, if there is anything in any applicant’s history that warrants further inves-tigation, the CBP Commissioner is fully authorized and encouraged to use a polygraph test to resolve any out-standing questions. Mr. Speaker, for years, the CBP has struggled to recruit and vet potential employees. There is no more urgent need that we have right now than se-curing our border and making sure we have the resources there to be able to do that job. b1230 H.R. 2213 is a commonsense approach that will help address this issue and en-sure the CBP has the men and women it needs to keep our borders and our Nation secure. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule to allow for consideration of H.R. 2213, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ), my friend, for yielding to me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. H.R. 2213 would broaden the criteria for waiving the polygraph require-ments for certain applicants at U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Under the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act, the Commis-sioner of the CBP would be permitted to waive polygraph requirements for certain State and law enforcement per-sonnel who have passed a polygraph ex-amination, Federal law enforcement agents who have passed a stringent background investigation, and veterans with three consecutive years in the military who have held a security clearance and passed a background check. Mr. Speaker, we understand the im-portance of ensuring that our Federal law enforcement agencies are oper-ating at full capacity, but there are other big-ticket items that we are ig-noring in this institution. So I ask: Where is the Republican agenda? With control of both Chambers of Congress and the White House, my col-leagues across the aisle have made it through nearly half of their first year in power without a single major legis-lative achievement. It appears that President Donald John Trump is more interested in slashing old policies than proposing new ones. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and congressional Republicans have yet to put forward the promised $1 trillion in-frastructure package. Voters are still waiting for the massive tax cuts prom-ised to them during the campaign. The American people have yet to see a single jobs bill, let alone the super-secret plan to defeat ISIS. And looming over this long to-do list is the inves-tigation into Russia’s blatant attempts to interfere in our election, an issue that many of my Republican colleagues seem more than happy to ignore. Instead, President Donald John Trump and my friends across the aisle have spent their time rolling back pro-tections for workers, consumers, teach-ers, students, and the environment. Instead of tackling a bipartisan spending deal, addressing budget cuts under sequestration, and avoiding debt default, the Republican-controlled Con-gress insists on dismantling the Afford-able Care Act and replacing it with a plan that will raise deductibles, lessen coverage, and leave 23 million more people uninsured. Mr. Speaker, there are still plenty of people without jobs in this country. We have plenty of families worried that they will be tossed off of their health insurance plan, and we have plenty of folks who are pleading with Congress to pass compassionate immigration re-form. Yet President Donald John Trump is tweeting about his travel ban and at-tacking London Mayor Sadiq Khan hours after a terrorist attack hit Lon-don which, sadly, killed seven people and injured dozens more. Mr. Speaker, after being the antigovernment party—and I find it hypocritical that people in the admin-istration are declaring that we are ob-structionists. They gave, during that period of the previous President, ob-struction absolutely new meaning. After being the antigovernment party for so many years, it appears that the congressional Republicans have forgot-ten how to govern. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I welcome the opportunity to share the floor today with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), my good friend from the Rules Committee. I just would point out that, as a Con-gress, as a body, we have actually passed more pieces of legislation, got-ten them on the President’s desk, and gotten them signed at this point in Congress than at any time since Presi-dent Truman was in office. So it may be that my colleague is not in agreement with many of the things that we have done, but, Mr. Speaker, we have actually been working very hard to begin the process of recovery from 8 years of rules and regulations that have really strangled the people of this Nation. We have passed, as the gentleman noted, healthcare reform out of this body. We repealed ObamaCare, and every single day we get more and more indication about the failures of that healthcare plan, with insurance compa-nies pulling out of markets and leaving citizens all across this Nation unable to get access to affordable care. The Republican plan will change that. We are also in the process and will, tomorrow, be voting to repeal the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has had a devastating effect on our community banks all across this country and on our communities, and moving away from the really misguided approach of the last 8 years that centralized power here in Washington, D.C. One thing that didn’t happen in the last 8 years though was the security of the border. And far too often we saw laws that weren’t enforced. We saw people turning the other way for sanc-tuary cities, for example, and the fail-ure on the part of the last administra-tion to do what was necessary to make sure that we could know who is coming into this country and that we had the resources necessary to secure our bor-der. So I am very proud to be here today, to be able to debate this rule, to be able to debate the underlying legisla-tion, which is sadly needed, so that we can get those resources we need. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD ). Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule pro-viding for the consideration of H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Corruption and Reauthorization Act of 2017. As someone who has spent their en-tire career and adult life in law en-forcement, I know full well the impor-tance of being able to hire quality men and women to provide for the security of our communities and our Nation at large. H.R. 2213 simply provides the Border Patrol and U.S. Customs a tool in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.020 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4662 June 7, 2017 
hiring toolkit to expedite the hiring of those who have already held some of our Nation’s highest positions of public trust and who have already undergone the most thorough vetting available. It allows Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers who have served in good standing for more than 3 years and who have undergone a poly-graph exam to be eligible to have their CBP preemployment polygraph waived in order to expedite their hiring. As a former sheriff who mandated—I mandated preemployment polygraphs in my own department. I have full con-fidence in thoroughness of the vetting conducted by State and local law en-forcement agencies prior to hiring an officer. Those exams do not need to be duplicated by CBP in order to hire a prospective officer or agent who has al-ready been vetted by their local depart-ment and has a proven track record of performance. If CBP finds derogatory information on an applicant whose polygraph has been waived, then they still have the authority to conduct their standard CBP polygraph to determine whether that applicant should, in fact, be hired. This bill does not lower standards. I want to say that again. This bill does not lower standards. It merely takes a commonsense approach to hiring by giving CBP the option not to duplicate a polygraph exam already completed by a highly qualified applicant’s pre-vious law enforcement agency. I represent the Port of Jacksonville, which moved 82 tons of cargo last year and is one of only 16 ports of call au-thorized to move military cargo through our national security oper-ations. It is absolutely vital that U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection are able to hire enough quality officers to main-tain the flow of commerce. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), my good friend and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the under-lying bill. The bill, in fact, does weak-en critical screening of potential CBP officers, and our country actually should be working to increase the secu-rity relative to CBP. CBP is essential. It is our first line of defense to stop terrorists, to stop drugs, to stop dan-gerous persons coming in, and we should not weaken our standards. Now, the overwhelming majority of CBP officers are honest, hardworking public servants. Crime and corruption has, however, been a persistent prob-lem for the agency. Numerous CBP of-ficers have been found to have strong connections to organized crime, includ-ing drug cartels. They are in prison now. In many cases, cartels try and infil-trate the CBP by recruiting people to apply for CBP positions. This results in illicit drug smuggling and other dan-gerous activities. In 2015, the CBP Integrity Advisory Panel found that—and this is a quote— ‘‘arrests for corruption of CBP per-sonnel far exceed, on a per capita basis, such arrests at other Federal law en-forcement agencies.’’ In 2016, this same panel observed that ‘‘corrupt CBP law enforcement per-sonnel pose a national security threat.’’ And it recommended that the current polygraph test be expanded, not reduced. Now, this bill allows for an exemp-tion for local law enforcement and former members of the Armed Forces from the polygraph requirement. For example, if a polygraph has been taken in the prior 10 years, I think it is a mistake to think that that will protect us. In fact, the Inspector General at DHS, John Roth, advises against this bill. He explained that the polygraph changes, including this legislation— and this is a quote—‘‘could put CBP at significant risk.’’ He says: ‘‘While it may sound reason-able to say you could waive require-ments from former military personnel because they have passed a polygraph, Border Patrol agents work in a dif-ferent environment that is not as con-trolled as the military.’’ Now, it is important to note that, of the applicants for the CBP, two-thirds fail the polygraph test. That may be a concern, but we ought to be glad that people who are a risk are not actually hired by the CBP. I will just note that the Government Accountability Office advises that, be-tween 2005 and 2012, there were 2,170 re-ported incidents of arrest of CBP per-sonnel for misconduct. That is about one arrest a day of CBP officials. CBP’s own Integrity Advisory Panel, and these are law enforcement experts, outside law enforcement experts, con-cluded in 2015 that ‘‘there is data indi-cating that arrests for corruption of CBP personnel far exceed, on a per cap-ita basis, such arrests at other Federal law enforcement agencies.’’ And in its final report, that panel recommended that the current polygraph testing be expanded to include postemployment tests that are best practices at the FBI and agencies in the U.S. intelligence service. Now, I will just give you some exam-ples that are real life examples from CBP, and this is from the agency itself. These are individuals who could be ex-empted. An officer who, when faced with a polygraph, admitted possession of ap-proximately 100 videos and 10,000 still images of child pornography. A police officer who admitted to sex-ual assault. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. LOFGREN. An Afghan veteran who had classified information that he admitted he had taken out of theater. An Army officer who would meet the criteria who admitted that he had re-moved classified information from Iraq. A police officer who admitted that he had smuggled marijuana into detention centers. It is not too big a burden to ask that applicants have a polygraph test and be clean. b1245 The Sinaloa cartel is recruiting peo-ple to apply to become CBP officers. Our protection is to make sure that we completely screen every single appli-cant so that the cartel is unsuccessful in infiltrating our first line of defense at the U.S. borders. So, with that, I know that the au-thors are well-intentioned, but this is a serious mistake for the security of our country, and I urge Members to vote against the bill. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. BYRNE ). Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my Rules Committee colleague for yielding. I am proud to support this rule and the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act. Mr. Speaker, last November, the American people sent a strong mes-sage: They want a secure southern bor-der. Having a strong system of border security is critical to our national de-fense and the safety and the security of the American people. President Trump has asked us to get more boots on the ground protecting our border, and this bill is an important step in that proc-ess. U.S. Border Patrol agencies are the ones serving on the front lines when it comes to border security. These hard-working men and women serve day at night at the border, at airports, and at sea and land ports in an effort to keep us safe. We should be grateful for their service and their sacrifice. Unfortunately, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, is woefully understaffed. In fact, the numbers show that we are short 1,000 officers and 1,800 Border Patrol agents. This shortage is making it harder to secure the border and help keep bad actors out of our country. That is where this bill comes in. It would amend the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 to provide necessary discretionary waiver authority to the CBP Commissioner in an effort to re-duce the staffing shortage. The bill spe-cifically would provide the Commis-sioner with the authority to waive the polygraph examinations in three cir-cumstances. The polygraph exam would be waived for current State and local law enforce-ment officers who have already passed a polygraph examination, Federal law enforcement officers who have already passed a stringent background inves-tigation, and veterans with at least 3 consecutive years in the military who have held a clearance and passed a background check. These are three very tailored and specific cir-cumstances, and these are exactly the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.022 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4663 June 7, 2017 
kind of men and women we want and need when it comes to border security positions. Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that the waiver authority granted under this bill is not mandatory. It will ultimately be the decision of the CBP Commissioner to decide on a strict case-by-case basis whether to issue a waiver. The Commissioner can order a polygraph. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, the Com-missioner can still order a polygraph for any applicant they deem necessary. This is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that passed out of the Homeland Security Committee on a voice vote, and I hope to see more bipartisan sup-port here in the full House. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting a stronger and more robust border secu-rity system. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we continue to be deep-ly concerned by revelations that Rus-sia hacked last year’s elections. In fact, just this week we learned that Russian military intelligence engaged in a monthlong cyber attack against our voting infrastructure, specifically targeting a voting software supplier and 122 local election officials. This most recent revelation comes on the back of earlier determinations by the intelligence community that Rus-sia hacked the DNC and distributed fake news in order to sway the election in Donald Trump’s favor. This has been made even more troublesome by the fact that Donald John Trump recently admitted that he fired FBI Director Comey over the Bureau’s investigation into links between the Trump cam-paign and Russia. Mr. Speaker, the integrity of our electoral system is at stake. It is time the Republican-controlled Congress does its job and acts to defend our de-mocracy. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up the bipar-tisan bill, H.R. 356, which would create a nonpartisan commission to inves-tigate Russian interference into our 2016 election. This marks the eighth time we have tried to bring this bill to the House floor. On the previous seven occasions, the Republican majority, regrettably, refused to allow the House to even de-bate this important legislation. But today, they will have yet another op-portunity to redeem themselves. I hope they will finally put country ahead of party. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, we stand here today with a to-do list a mile long, and we don’t have much time to cross items off that list. There are only 30 working days before our 5-week August recess. That is not much time, but those of us on this side of the aisle stand ready to work in a bi-partisan manner with our Republican colleagues in order to make sensible reforms to our Tax Code, our infra-structure and healthcare system, in short, to work hard for the American people, because that is what we were sent here to do. It is far past time for my friends across the aisle to come to the table ready to work on behalf of the Amer-ican people in a bipartisan manner. We on this side of the aisle continue to stand ready to do so, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league from Florida for his participa-tion in this debate today. I think it is important for the record to be clear and to be accurate, Mr. Speaker. This House of Representa-tives, in the time that we have been in session, has been the most productive House during the first 100 days of a Presidency in 30 years. I am sure that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle may not want to agree to that. They may not want to acknowledge that because Speaker PELOSI held the record previously when she was Speaker, but I am very proud of that, that we have done a tremen-dous amount for the American people in the time that we have been in ses-sion. We have overturned 14 Obama regula-tions in this Congress alone, which has had a tremendous impact on our con-stituents. We have already taken steps that will save them $3.7 billion in regu-latory costs, 4.2 million hours in paper-work. Mr. Speaker, when I think about the communities across my home State of Wyoming, this relief could not have come soon enough. We are in a position today where we have faced strangling regulation out of Washington, D.C., for the last 8 years, regulation that was truly intended in too many instances to drive businesses out of business, to drive our community banks out of business, and to create a situation where Washington, D.C., was creating one-size-fits-all policies. But those days are over. This is a new day, and we take very seriously our obligations to put country ahead of party. With respect to Russia, Mr. Speaker, as my colleague is well aware, there are multiple investigations underway in the Congress. We on the Republican side—I think this is a bipartisan issue—take very seriously the sanctity of our electoral process and will make sure that we get to the bottom of it. We have got to ensure that we recog-nize and understand the extent to which Russian hacking was going on— frankly, not just in the United States, but around the world—and make sure that we do everything necessary to stand up against both Russian hacking, to stand up against the kind of Russian attacks that we are seeing on electoral processes in Europe, and, Mr. Speaker, to ensure that we secure ourselves. At the end of the day, that is what this debate is about here this after-noon. We have got to make sure that we all recognize in this body that there is nothing more important than the se-curity of our Nation. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, we are at a crisis moment. We are at a crisis be-cause, for the last 8 years, our military has been strangled. For the last 8 years, our borders weren’t secure. We have had threats growing around the world. We have seen the rise of ISIS. We have seen the rise of al-Qaida—the ex-pansion of al-Qaida around the world into many more countries than it ever existed before. We have seen the Iranians make steady progress towards obtaining a nuclear weapon under what is the most misguided treaty agreement ever en-tered into by any American President: the Iranian nuclear agreement. We have seen Chinese aggression in the South China Sea. We have seen Russian aggression in Europe. Mr. Speaker, we have seen North Korea attempting, on a near weekly basis it sometimes seems, to make sure that it has perfected and acquired bal-listic missile technology, while they also work to make sure that they are able to put a nuclear warhead on those ballistic missiles. Mr. Speaker, we are living in a very dangerous world. We are living in a world in which America’s ability to de-fend and protect itself is under threat in a way that it has not been certainly since the end of the Cold War, and maybe even since World War II. Defending and protecting this Na-tion, Mr. Speaker, will require, both, that we provide the resources our mili-tary needs to defend us so that we can, Mr. Speaker, get out from underneath the policies of the last 8 years, but it also will require that we secure our border. This bill today on the floor will pro-vide the relief necessary for the CBP to do what is necessary to keep us safe. We have no greater responsibility than providing for our security. I would remind the gentleman from Florida that this bill passed out of the Homeland Security Committee on a voice vote, on a bipartisan basis, with sponsors from both sides of the aisle. It is crucially important that we take this step to provide the relief—and not mandatory relief, but the relief—that the CBP can use if it needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.023 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4664 June 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, as we discuss the range of accomplishments that we have had that I am very proud of in this Con-gress and the accomplishments still to come, I think that we have to also rec-ognize that nothing is more important than the security of the Nation. This bill goes to the heart of that, to mak-ing sure that the CBP can do its job. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of both the rule and H.R. 2213. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 374 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 356) to establish the National Commission on Foreign Inter-ference in the 2016 Election. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 356. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution ....  [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1300 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 10, FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 375 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 375 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for investors, con-sumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bail-outs and Too Big to Fail, holding Wash-ington and Wall Street accountable, elimi-nating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 90 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ). The gentleman from Col-orado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the under-lying legislation. This rule provides a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.024 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4665 June 7, 2017 
structured process for debate and makes in order six amendments to the bill. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to re-turn hope and opportunity to Main Street America through the Financial CHOICE Act. This legislation touches at the very heart of our economy, en-suring that our financial system facili-tates job creation, economic growth, and fairness. Nearly 10 years ago, the American economy cratered. The Great Recession of the late 2000s revealed that our fi-nancial system was fragile, and many Americans got the short end of the stick. In 2010, Democrats passed H.R. 4173, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. They promised the bill would lift the Amer-ican economy. They promised an end to Wall Street bailouts. They promised to protect consumers. Seven years later, we know that these promises never came true. Due to Dodd-Frank’s excessive regu-latory burden, big banks are getting bigger while small banks and credit unions are disappearing. There have only been six new bank charters since Dodd-Frank—a drastic decline from the 170 on average per year before the bill. In fact, 43 percent of banks with assets under $100 million have disappeared. Large banks survive because they can afford armies of lawyers to under-stand Dodd-Frank regulations. In 2010, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein even suggested his bank would be among the biggest beneficiaries of Dodd-Frank. But for community banks with community budgets, the effects of the law have been devastating. Dodd-Frank also failed to address the too-big-to-fail problem. Under the Dodd-Frank law, big banks are growing larger, and taxpayers are still respon-sible for bailing them out. Further-more, Dodd-Frank has made access to banking and credit more difficult for average Americans. Since the passage of the bill, bank fees have increased and millions more Americans are now considered unbanked or underbanked. Declining liquidity has limited ac-cess to credit for small businesses and the regulatory restrictions on mort-gages have pushed homeownership out of reach for the middle class. Seventy- two percent of community banks say that the Dodd-Frank regulations re-strict their ability to offer mortgage loans. Mr. Speaker, this is not the price we must pay to be a hopeful and pros-perous nation. That is why I am here supporting the Financial CHOICE Act. It repeals Dodd-Frank, replacing the harmful law with reasonable regula-tions that ensure consumer protection, job growth, economic growth, and strong community banks. The Financial CHOICE Act ends the coddling of big banks. It implements historically tough penalties on finan-cial fraud and insider trading. It ends taxpayer-funded bailouts and creates new bankruptcy laws designed for fail-ing banks. It is time that Congress put Main Street ahead of Wall Street. The Financial CHOICE Act also reins in the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a government agency that has incredible power to regulate the finan-cial industry but that has nearly no ac-countability. The judicial branch has actually declared its structure uncon-stitutional. The CFPB is causing problems for consumers. They have a database for complaints from consumers, but it pub-lishes consumer complaints before even checking if they are true. The CFPB also weighs in on financial regulations where Congress should instead be mak-ing these decisions, and the CFPB wasted over $200 million on lavish ren-ovations of their office space in down-town Washington, D.C. This legislation we are considering today will restructure the CFPB, re-storing congressional oversight duties and moving the agency back under the regular legislative appropriations proc-ess. We will also be refocusing the CFPB on enforcing consumer protec-tion laws, rather than making up their own laws that only hurt the average American consumer. Perhaps most important to Colo-radans, the Financial CHOICE Act cre-ates economic growth and jobs by mak-ing credit easier to access for Main Street America. Thanks to the TAI-LOR Act, introduced by my friend and colleague from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), regulators will be able to craft custom regulations to reflect the specific busi-ness model of local banks. This bill also creates jobs and eco-nomic growth by requiring more trans-parent policymaking at the Federal Reserve. We rein in stifling regulations on small, community banks, allowing them to compete against their larger counterparts. We increase consumer choice by ensuring Americans can ac-cess a bank and a credit card. Mr. Speaker, we have the oppor-tunity today to transform our Nation’s financial system. We have the oppor-tunity to level the playing field be-tween big and small banks. We have the opportunity to turn up the heat on financial fraud. We have the oppor-tunity to return regulatory power from the hands of unelected bureaucrats to the people. We have the opportunity to roll back hurtful regulations. We are here to restore hope and op-portunity through the Financial CHOICE Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank my colleague for yield-ing me the time. Mr. Speaker, 7 years ago, I brought the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to the floor of the House as chairwoman of the House Rules Committee. This law was a statement from Congress on be-half of the American people that un-checked corporate greed will never again bring the United States of Amer-ica to financial collapse. My colleague began his speech this morning by saying that this law had not worked, but I am not aware of major bank failures or bank failures of any kind since we passed it, and I would say, indeed, this law has worked. Since it has been enacted, our econ-omy has had over 80 consecutive months of private sector job growth. That is pretty good. In fact, it is a record-setting streak. More than 16 million jobs have been created, and business lending has been increased by 75 percent. I am not getting all the complaints that I used to get that they could not borrow money from banks, particularly the small businesses. Along the way, the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau established under this law has helped 29 million people in all of our 50 States to receive nearly $12 billion in relief from compa-nies that engaged in irresponsible or predatory practices. One group that sent us a letter beg-ging us not to do away with Dodd- Frank was the Veterans of Foreign Wars who said that far too often their veterans were the victims of predatory lenders—shysters, people not telling them the truth—and that is exactly what the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau was established to do. You can’t argue about whether or not it has been a success if 29 million peo-ple in 50 States have gotten back $12 billion in relief of bad practices. But this legislation completely will do away with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the only thing we have left to protect Main Street and the small investors. These gains weren’t a coincidence, Mr. Speaker. They were the result of the Dodd-Frank law. Gutting Wall Street reform will be a historic give-away to special interests. b1315 The Wall Street firms who plunged our country to the brink, in 2008, would be free once again to take advantage of consumers and force middle class fami-lies to go it alone, without the protec-tions this bill has provided them. The CHOICE Act is the wrong choice for consumers and families. Instead of standing with financial lobbyists, I urge the majority to uphold the trust of the people we all represent. Five years ago, Democrats and Re-publicans came together to almost unanimously pass my bill to end in-sider trading in Congress. The STOCK Act passed this Chamber by a vote of 417–2, one of the most bipartisan bills of that entire session of Congress. It wasn’t easy. I led a 6-year fight to get it signed into law after learning that Members of Congress and their staffs were abusing their positions by making money from the information that they gleaned and that was not available to everybody else in America. They gleaned this information while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.028 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4666 June 7, 2017 
working on behalf of the people whose information they were stealing. It took a ‘‘60 Minutes’’ investigation on tele-vision and a groundswell of public sup-port, but the bill became a reality. For me, upholding the people’s trust is the most sacred responsibility I have as a Member of Congress. That is why I am waging a new battle to strengthen the STOCK Act, after learning that some in this Congress have used legal loopholes to get around this law. Once again, we see the importance of investigative journalism and a free press, which has shined a light on the fact that some Members of Congress have purchased private, discounted stock deals and taken a part in initial public offerings outside of the United States. These special deals are not available to the general public. All this would have remained in the dark, had the STOCK Act not put into place a new requirement to timely dis-close sales and purchases of stock. This is precisely the kind of outrageous con-duct we intended to outlaw under the STOCK Act. It plays directly into the public’s most cynical view of Congress. This, Mr. Speaker, comes at a time when just 20 percent of the public ap-proves of how Congress is doing its job under the majority’s leadership. That is according to the latest figures from Gallup. This Chamber put aside partisanship and took a strong, bipartisan stand against this abhorrent behavior just a few years ago. It has become increas-ingly clear that we need to act again today to hold ourselves accountable to both the letter and the spirit of the STOCK Act law. We are not doing that today. Once again, we are taking away the regula-tions because some people find them so terribly abhorrent, but they protect the small investor and the people in the banks. We surely will never, I hope, see the day where we will ask the tax-payers of the United States to bail out the enormously rich, big banks. One of the worst things of that whole era was not a single fraudulent banker went to jail. Just 535 of us in a country of more than 300 million people have been cho-sen to serve on the American people’s behalf in Congress. It is a sacred re-sponsibility, one we should not be squandering, doing the bidding of the financial lobbyists or Wall Street firms, who are the ones behind the CHOICE Act. The majority should stop fulfilling the wish list of Wall Street and act on behalf of millions of Americans out-raged by insider trading and other chi-canery that still permeates the halls of Congress today. This Chamber must take action so that Americans recog-nize we came here to represent them, not enrich ourselves. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), the vice chair of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this rule be-cause it is time to, once and for all, end the harmful regulations caused by this disastrous law. Mr. Speaker, let me take just a few moments to talk to you about the harmful effects Dodd-Frank has had on my home State of Texas. As of just a few months ago, in Texas alone, 358 State or federally chartered banks, credit unions, or thrifts have either closed or merged since 2010, when Dodd-Frank became law. According to our Texas State Bank-ing Commission, the last bank or cred-it union chartered in Texas was in 2009, in a State with one of the healthiest economies in the country. Mass con-solidations and closures have left many Texans few options, something the pre-vious administration promised. While Dodd-Frank aimed at fixing our recovering financial system, one- size-fits-all regulations have only hurt one person: the consumer. Increased bank fees, less access to consumer credit products, 1,000-page rules, and billions of dollars in regulatory costs all have become the hallmark of our fi-nancial system over the last 7 years. To my friends on the other side of the aisle, I will leave you with this: If you support crushing regulations that have hurt our community banks and our credit unions, if you support tax-payer bailouts, if you support an agen-cy that is accountable to none, and if you support less accountability for both Washington and Wall Street, would you please vote against this rule and the underlying bill? But if you support financial oppor-tunity for all, taxpayer bailout for none, less regulations on small commu-nity financial institutions, and more accountability and transparency, then support this bill, support consumers, and support Main Street America. In God we trust. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, those wondering why Republican lips are sealed so very tight when it comes to President Trump jeopardizing our na-tional security, threatening our democ-racy, and engaging in one crazy action after another need look no further than this bill. You see, this is a bill to handcuff the cop on Wall Street. So many of our Re-publican colleagues are so eager to shield Wall Street from action and eventually to bestow one tax break after another on Wall Street, that they are willing to pay almost any price in silence concerning Mr. Trump’s out-rages. As a person who voted against all of the big bank bailouts, I am most con-cerned that this bill will produce only more. When the banks were bailed out, American families paid the price, as taxpayers. They paid the price for the recklessness that led to that unneces-sary financial crisis. A more immediate concern is what happens to the cop on the beat, the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, a new law enforcement agency that the AARP described as one de-signed to hold scam artists account-able. That is exactly what the CFPB has done. Whether it is payday lenders or deceitful language in the fine print of financial agreements, reverse mort-gages, contracts denying consumers their legal remedies to address wrong-doing, or many other issues, this agen-cy has been there to protect the con-sumers. Among those most threatened that have benefited from this law enforce-ment agency are our military families, who face unique financial challenges, from illegal foreclosures, to cheating them on student loans, to payday lend-ers who overcharge their families. This law enforcement agency has been there to protect them. Today, it would be substantially weakened by this legisla-tion. One of the leading examples of the success of this law enforcement agency is Wells Fargo: fined $100 million, $85 million in restitution, $75 million in claw-backs from executives, a CEO re-signed. None of that happened to the other banks, but Wells Fargo was caught. It was caught because there was a law enforcement agency on the beat doing something about it. There are those who fought this leg-islation from the start, and they won’t give up on trying to undermine it. You need only look at what happened this year in enforcement actions to see what this agency is doing: a company failed to provide redress for illegal col-lection tactics, deceived consumers about credit scores, misstated the charges associated with pawn loans, de-nied consumers access to their own money, and kept borrowers in the dark about options to avoid foreclosure. One bit of wrongdoing after another. Why not have a cop on the beat working for us? Some people want to have the un-limited right to exploit consumers. This agency is the one thing standing in the way to protect them. I say: stop this Republican inter-ference with law enforcement and send a message at the same time to Presi-dent Donald J. Trump that our laws apply to him too, and ought to be en-forced against him when he is engaged in wrongdoing. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, one of the most decep-tive things that Congress does is regu-late one part of an industry for the problems created by another part. The community banks had nothing to do with the collapse in 2008. It was Wall Street, the people in New York, the big banks. Yet the Dodd-Frank reg-ulation kind of let them scoot by and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.030 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4667 June 7, 2017 
gave them permits to continue oper-ating, while many of the Main Street businesses and many of the Main Street banks have closed down. My friend just mentioned Wells Fargo. CFPB stood on the sidelines si-lently and mute while they were con-ducting their affairs. It was a county prosecutor who actually uncovered it. So this idea that we here in Congress are going to do things that are going to get it in check simply is not true. What is true is that the agency created by Dodd-Frank, the CFPB, or the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, was so annoying that it put New Mexi-co’s most sparsely populated county, with about 8 people per square mile, to be regulated the same as New York City. That is how much CFPB under-stood. In the process of their regulating, they shut down the loans for manufac-tured housing. That means nothing to the people in New York, but in New Mexico, that is 50 percent of the homes in my district. The CFPB didn’t much care. They also limited the ability of reg-ular banks to make loans on mort-gages, establishing something called qualified mortgages. They simply said all balloon notes are prejudicial. Those things were hurting and penalizing the rural parts of this country. The people who suffered most were the people at the lowest end of the economic spec-trum. Our credit agencies, our credit sys-tem in the U.S., has done much in order to make credit available, no mat-ter where you are in the political and income spectrum. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. PEARCE. The people at the low end of the spectrum had access to many different ways of borrowing. CFPB simply routinely eliminated al-most every single one of them. As a representative of one of the poorest districts in the country, I have found CFPB’s efforts to be meaningless to the big guys and punitive to us who are just trying to make a living out in the rural parts of the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this rule and support for the underlying bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M
ALONEY ) the distinguished ranking member of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investments. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 10, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. This bill will take us back to the reg-ulatory stone age and would be a dis-aster for the entire financial system. Let us remember why we passed Dodd-Frank: we confronted the worst financial crisis, caused by mismanage-ment from the financial industry, that cost this country $18 trillion in house-hold wealth, millions lost their homes, millions lost their jobs, and the suf-fering was deep and strong. First, this bill, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, would repeal the orderly liquida-tion authority, which is the only tool that would allow large financial insti-tutions like Lehman Brothers or AIG to be wound down safely, without re-quiring a taxpayer bailout or causing a financial panic, like Lehman. We had two choices in the crisis: ei-ther bail them out—a bad choice—or let them fail—another bad choice. The liquidation authority is helpful, yet the majority claims that the liq-uidation authority codifies taxpayer bailouts. Nothing could be further from the truth. Under the liquidation au-thority, the FDIC wipes out the firm’s shareholders, imposes losses on the firm’s creditors, fires the firm’s man-agement, and completely liquidates the entire firm. The only people who are guaranteed not to suffer losses are the taxpayers. So if we wipe out this protection to the taxpayers, we are putting the tax-payers in harm’s way yet again. b1330 This bill would also devastate inves-tors by rolling back decades of investor protections and trampling on the prop-erty rights of shareholders by making it virtually impossible for them to in-fluence the management of the compa-nies that they own. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PALMER ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Finally, the bill would com-pletely gut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has been an incredible, effective watchdog for con-sumers and has protected the con-sumers who were often not thought about first of all or second of all—or not thought about at all. This agency protects them. If we would have had it, we would not have had the financial crisis we suffered. This would just make it easier for banks like Wells Fargo to rip off consumers and would protect them from being punished if they are caught. So I want to point out that the Re-publican ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act puts Wall Street ahead of Main Street, leads to taxpayer bailouts for big banks, guts consumer protections for seniors and their families, and brings back risky practices that caused the 2008 financial crisis. It is the wrong direction, it is a wrong vote, and I caution my friends on the other side of the aisle the voters are going to remember this vote. Don’t turn us back to the Stone Age of regu-lation. I urge a very strong ‘‘no’’ vote on this wrongly directed ‘‘Bad’’ CHOICE Act. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Se-curities, and Investments. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, the economic downturn in 2008 caused Michiganders and citizens around the country to lose their jobs, families to lose their savings, and way too many to lose their homes. Since that time, our friends on the other side of the aisle have attempted to convince the American people that Dodd-Frank was ‘‘the answer’’ to the financial crisis, despite the law failing to actually ad-dress the root cause of the downturn. In reality, Dodd-Frank has made it more difficult for hardworking tax-payers to secure a future for them-selves and their children by denying them the economic recovery that they deserve. Let’s be honest: Dodd-Frank was an agenda waiting for a crisis. So many issues not related to economic stability were crammed into this flawed law that, now, big banks have gotten even bigger and small banks have dis-appeared at an alarming rate. Even worse, Dodd-Frank enshrined ‘‘too big to fail’’ and, frankly, put in place ‘‘too small to save.’’ Enough is enough. In order to in-crease economic opportunity, we must enact commonsense regulatory reform and restore accountability to Wall Street and to Washington. The House Financial Services Committee achieves this goal through a carefully crafted Financial CHOICE Act, which we are debating here today. The Financial CHOICE Act elimi-nates Dodd-Frank’s one-size-fits-all regulatory structure that has strangled community financial institutions with overly burdensome regulations that were meant for the largest banks in America. By enacting the CHOICE Act, community banks and credit unions can utilize their resources to help indi-vidual customers and small businesses achieve financial independence. If we want small businesses to con-tinue to be the engine of economic growth, we must remove the regu-latory red tape that is preventing these community lenders from supporting small business job creators. Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act holds Wall Street accountable by imposing the toughest penalties in his-tory. To protect consumers from finan-cial fraud is a key goal for all of us. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, this important legislation also holds Wash-ington bureaucrats accountable by cre-ating constitutional checks and bal-ances for the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau so that it can more ef-fectively do its job. No government agency should be unaccountable to the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.031 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4668 June 7, 2017 
Lastly, this commonsense legislation protects taxpayers by eliminating too big to fail, something that my col-league had just talked about, and re-quires failing institutions to liquidate through a streamlined bankruptcy process, not taxpayer-funded bailouts. The process that she was talking about, this orderly liquidation author-ity, the government runs the bank for 5 years, and that is unacceptable. So I hope you will join me in sup-porting this rule and supporting the underlying bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. This bill will have a devastating impact on the abil-ity of regulators to protect everyday Americans from future wrongdoing on Wall Street. If you support consumers, you must oppose the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. If you want to make sure that consumers have a fighting chance against those big banks and against illegal practices, then you must oppose the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, because this act guts the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. In nearly 6 years, the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau has re-turned nearly $12 billion to 29 million Americans hurt by illegal financial practices, reduced $7.7 billion in con-sumer debts while winning $3.7 billion in compensation for consumers, and it has benefited nearly 50 million house-holds in the form of new protections shielding consumers from surprise costs in terms on their mortgages and their credit cards. Now, at a time when we have a stu-dent loan crisis in this country, $1.4 trillion in student debt, we have to make sure that we are protecting fami-lies, students, and young people around these predatory debt collection prac-tices and all working families around predatory lending. My home State of Washington was proud to work with the CFPB on those new regulations that would actually protect working people, make sure that they have off-ramps if they get into predatory loans and make sure that we regulate that industry. The benefits of Dodd-Frank are not limited just to consumers, by the way. Big and small banks have benefited: lending is at record highs, and 2016 data from the FDIC shows that those banks are doing pretty well. The financial crisis, which destroyed trillions of dollars in wealth and wreaked havoc on the financial lives of millions of families, was not a random event. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional minute to the gen-tlewoman. Ms. JAYAPAL. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission itself said that widespread failures in financial regula-tion and rampant predatory lending practices were key drivers of the crisis. This bill ignores those lessons and takes us so far backwards, Mr. Speak-er. Real people are struggling to recover from that 2008 crisis, still, and instead of rolling back protections for con-sumers, we should be investing in jobs for everyday Americans. We should be making sure that the guy on Main Street or the woman on Main Street has a chance against those big banks and against all those predatory prac-tices. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support consumers and working Ameri-cans and to oppose the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I note for the record that the best way for a stu-dent to repay student loans is to have a strong economy and not the anemic recovery that we had from the last re-cession. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand before you today to speak on the rule and in support of H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act, which represents years of hard work by our chairman, J
EBHENSARLING , and the entire Financial Services Com-mittee. For nearly 8 years, Dodd-Frank has targeted Main Street pocketbooks and stripped families of real opportunities for financial success and independence. For instance, the CFPB has spent years removing choices and making access to financial products more difficult to ob-tain. Under these regulations, it is now harder for families to qualify for a mortgage, to obtain an auto loan, and to access other forms of credit that they have depended on every day of their lives. Meanwhile, the CFPB fails to monitor and prevent actual and real instances of consumer fraud like we saw with the opening of millions of un-authorized customers’ accounts at Wells Fargo. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of chairing the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee on Financial Serv-ices, and today—today—we released a report titled, ‘‘Was the Cop on the Beat?’’ This is regarding the CFPB’s wholly inadequate role in investigating the Wells Fargo fraudulent account scandal. We have received numerous records from both Wells Fargo and the OCC and others that indicate that the CFPB was asleep at the wheel when it came to in-vestigating Wells Fargo. Unfortu-nately, the CFPB has produced no such documents, even under subpoena, that contradict this assertion and support the testimony of Director Cordray in front of this committee earlier in the year. This report highlights the need for reforms to the CFPB that are con-tained in the CHOICE Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gen-tlewoman. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, we need to bring accountability and trans-parency to a Bureau that has been thwarting congressional oversight and due process. Additionally, the CHOICE Act will increase lending in our communities, open up our economy, end taxpayer- funded bailouts, and hold Wall Street and Washington accountable. Ameri-cans today deserve the ‘‘Right’’ CHOICE Act. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has fur-ther speakers? Mr. BUCK. I do. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. BARR), the chair of the Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, when former President Obama signed the Dodd- Frank financial control law into law about 7 years ago, supporters promised that it would repair the economy; they promised that it would end too big to fail; they promised it would enhance fi-nancial stability and protect con-sumers. But none of those promises have been kept. Nearly 9 years after the financial cri-sis, Americans are still stuck in the slowest, weakest economic recovery in 70 years. The percentage of Americans who are actually in the workforce is at its lowest level since the late 1970s, and we still have not fully reached the po-tential of our economic recovery. This is precisely because of the Dodd-Frank law. The Dodd-Frank law has clogged the plumbing of our economy with an avalanche of red tape. Far from ending too big to fail, Dodd- Frank has guaranteed that too-big-to- fail banks will get a taxpayer bailout whenever they go into distress. As big banks have gotten bigger as a result of Dodd-Frank, the small banks, the community banks, the credit unions—the credit providers for the en-trepreneurs, the small businesses, the job creators in this country—are fewer. That is a huge problem for the dyna-mism of the economy, and that is one of the reasons why we haven’t seen eco-nomic recovery the way that we should. Dodd-Frank has made it more dif-ficult for small businesses and startups to obtain capital to grow, invest, and hire. Before Dodd-Frank, small busi-ness lending was more than 150 percent of large bank lending. Today, due to Dodd-Frank, small bank lending is about 80 percent below that of large bank lending. This is why new business formation is at a generational low, be-cause small businesses and startups and entrepreneurs have much more success obtaining capital from commu-nity banks than Wall Street banks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.033 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4669 June 7, 2017 
Financial services and products have been impaired. Since Dodd-Frank, the number of banks offering free checking has shrunk from 75 percent to 37 per-cent, the ranks of the unbanked have gone up, and one in five community banks in my home State of Kentucky have disappeared as a result of Dodd- Frank. Consumer protection? Hardly. Tak-ing away financial services and prod-ucts, eliminating competition and choice from the marketplace, elimi-nating free checking, taking away ac-cess to credit, that is not protecting consumers. That is hurting consumers. Dodd-Frank is the worst bill for con-sumers that we could possibly have. We need the Financial CHOICE Act, which will preserve access to financial services and products and give con-sumers access to mortgages and access to financial products like credit cards and overdraft protection and home eq-uity loans. All of these services and products are going away because of Dodd-Frank and the busybodies in Washington. We need to protect consumers. There is nothing wrong with effective regula-tion, but this is regulation gone awry. It is unaccountable, it is not trans-parent, it is hurting the American con-sumers, and it is certainly not adding to financial stability when big banks and Wall Street are getting bigger and our community banks are going away. b1345 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ), the chief dep-uty whip of the Republican Conference. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, small businesses and families are the backbone of small rural communities like the ones I rep-resent in western North Carolina. The fact is that Dodd-Frank has had a crushing impact both on the ability of families and small businesses to access loans and the financial products that they need and deserve. Half of what community banks did prior to Dodd-Frank was lending to small businesses. Now it is down to 20 percent of what they do. That is as a result of massive regulations that have come about as a result of Dodd-Frank. For families, the availability of serv-ices that they used to commonly think is acceptable, like free checking and mortgage lending, are significantly di-minished or altogether gone for them. Since Dodd-Frank became law, nearly three-quarters of community banks have either left or greatly reduced their mortgage businesses. This is problematic for families. The impact of these changes has hit rural commu-nities like the ones I represent in west-ern North Carolina the hardest. But it doesn’t end there. The law’s mandates have driven up the cost of borrowing, making it harder and more expensive for families to access credit or save for important life events like saving for your child’s college edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, the Financial CHOICE Act changes much of this. It begins to undo the damage caused by Dodd- Frank by removing onerous Wash-ington mandates, very expensive regu-lations, by cutting off access to finan-cial products that the American people need and desire. Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act actually addresses the plight of small businesses by cleaning up these messy regulations that are unclear, that have made the marketplace less safe and secure for lending and small businesses, and encouraging the use of innovative new forms of capital forma-tion that help businesses grow and prosper. That means jobs. This bill is directed at growing the American economy, get-ting us back on our feet, and helping expand prosperity not just to urban or rural areas, but to both, to all Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this important bill and get on with the business of legislating. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chair of the Subcommittee on Financial In-stitutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation, the Financial CHOICE Act. The acronym CHOICE stands for Creating Hope and Oppor-tunity for Investors, Consumers, and Entrepreneurs. This legislation could be very well entitled the ‘‘Make Amer-ica Grow Again Act.’’ I cannot, Mr. Speaker, understate the importance of economic growth and what that means to this country: jobs, better jobs; wages, higher wages; and revenues, more revenues coming into the Federal Treasury as a result of healthy economic growth that will allow us to pay for the critical pro-grams that people in this country de-pend on, whether seniors, veterans, in-frastructure. You pay for your government with a healthy growing economy. That is not what we have today. We must grow again, especially as we think of these individuals. Opponents of this legislation are de-fending a stagnant status quo. They are defending a status quo that has given us the slowest economy since the Great Depression, a status quo respon-sible for the loss of 1,400 community banks, a status quo that has a commu-nity bank or credit union closing every single day, a status quo that has re-sulted in the noncreation of 650,000 small businesses—that would mean 6.5 million jobs. Six and a half million people who would be paying taxes, pay-ing Social Security taxes, paying Medi-care taxes, allowing us to meet the commitments that we have—a status quo that has eliminated free checking, a status quo that is closing branch of-fice banks in small towns in my dis-trict, a status quo that allows unac-countable agencies in this town to con-tinue to have too much power and tak-ing away choices from individuals. This legislation will end too big to fail and will end too small to succeed. Regardless of who you are or where you come from, you should have access to affordable reliable financial services. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. The points have been made. I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. With each passing day, we learn more about the tangled web of conflicts of interest and links to Russia and the Trump administration. Just last week we learned that President Trump’s son- in-law, Jared Kushner, attempted to establish a back channel of commu-nications with Russia and the Trump transition team before they were even inaugurated. Tomorrow, former FBI Director James Comey will likely testify that President Trump attempted to influ-ence the FBI’s investigation into pos-sible collusion between his campaign and the Russian Government. Who knows what further ties to Rus-sia we will uncover from his testimony. Without President Trump’s tax re-turns, we simply have no way of know-ing if he himself has financial ties to Russia, as news reports have suggested. The American people deserve to know whether or not our President has any business dealings with Russia or other foreign governments. It is imperative that we prevent the White House from becoming another arm of the Trump organization. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative E
SHOO ’s bill, H.R. 305, which would require Presidents and major party nominees for the Presidency to release their tax returns. If the President has nothing to hide, including financial interests or busi-ness dealings with Russia, then he should freely release his tax returns to reassure the American people. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to include in the R
ECORD the text of my amendment, along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, let me remind the majority why we en-acted the Wall Street reform in the first place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.035 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4670 June 7, 2017 
Our country was plunged into the worst recession since the Great Depres-sion after big Wall Street firms played Russian roulette with our future for years. During the 2008 financial crash, more than 8 million Americans lost their jobs, $13 trillion in wealth van-ished overnight, and 11 million homes were lost. After years of excesses and dodging regulation, the financial firms were fi-nally brought under control by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The perverse notion of too big to fail was finally ended, and the financial playing field was tilted back toward consumers. We have all seen the results of the law in the form of record-setting pri-vate sector job growth, millions of new jobs, and historic rates of business lending. It is beyond me why anyone in the world would want to repeal this law and threaten this progress. Instead of doing the bidding of the financial lobbyists who don’t really care for the law, we should be acting to uphold the trust of the people who sent us here. This begins with passing the End Congressional Stock Market Abuse Act to bring an end to the egregious use of exclusive stock deals and foreign ini-tial public offerings by Members of Congress. The American people must be able to trust what we are doing here and trust that it is right for them without con-cern that we are using our position to enrich ourselves. My bill would enhance the STOCK Act, which passed the Chamber vir-tually unanimously—two ‘‘no’’ votes— in 2012, with provisions that I think we could all agree on: no exclusive stock deals for Members of Congress, no ini-tial public offerings, regardless of where they are offered. Mr. Speaker, that is what we should be focusing on today, not dismantling a law that has brought financial security to millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule, to oppose the under-lying legislation, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, the legisla-tion before us today is not for the big banks. It is not for the bureaucrats and their swanky downtown office at CFPB. This legislation was crafted for the American people, the men and women who work hard every day to earn a living. These individuals want choice in the financial products they can buy. They want healthy commu-nity banks. They want lower taxes in-stead of Wall Street bailouts. The Financial CHOICE Act was writ-ten over the past several years with these people in mind. We will restore hope and opportunity for them. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and the Financial Services Committee for their hard work on this bill. I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the resolution, and then to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Rule and the underlying bill, and I urge my col-leagues to defeat the Previous Question so that the House can vote on my bi-partisan legislation, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. I first introduced the Presidential Tax Transparency Act exactly one year ago today, along with my Senate coun-terpart RONWYDEN . This bill would codify the longstanding tradition of presidents disclosing their tax returns. The bill is simple, it is bipartisan, and it has the support of the American peo-ple. A recent poll found that 80 percent of Americans believe the President should disclose his tax returns. Earlier today, a petition was delivered to Con-gress with over 4 million signatures calling on the House to take up this bill. Since I introduced the Presidential Tax Transparency Act a year ago, can-didate Trump and now President Trump has amassed serious ethical lapses, troubling connections to Rus-sian officials, and countless potential conflicts of interest, all while hiding his full financial information from the public. Mr. Trump is the first president in decades to refuse to disclose his tax re-turns as a candidate and as President. We know from his candidate financial disclosure filed last year that the President has 564 financial positions in companies around the world, and owes at least $300 million in debts to various banks. But there’s no way for us to verify these claims without his tax re-turn information. Disclosure of the President’s tax re-turns would provide answers to many of the troubling questions surrounding this Administration’s connections to Russia. In recent weeks, the President pressured the FBI Director to stop in-vestigating Michael Flynn’s Russia connections and then fired him. There are near-daily revelations of undis-closed meetings with Russian officials, disclosures of classified information, and more evidence that the Russians sought to directly interfere in our elec-tion. Only with full disclosure of his tax returns will we know the true sources of the President’s income, the holders of his debt, and the extent of any busi-ness ties to Russia and other foreign countries. I urge my colleagues to listen to the will of the American people and join our bipartisan effort to exercise Congress’s constitutional duty to serve as a check on the Executive Branch. By defeating the Previous Question and voting to approve the Presidential Tax Transparency Act today, this body can start the process of obtaining the truth that the American people want and are entitled to. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 375 O FFERED BY M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 305) to amend the Eth-ics in Government Act of 1978 to require the disclosure of certain tax returns by Presi-dents and certain candidates for the office of the President, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on Ways and Means and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 305. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Re-publican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alter-native plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.037 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4671 June 7, 2017 
question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 374; Adopting House Resolution 374, if or-dered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 375; and Adopting House Resolution 375, if or-dered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2213, ANTI-BORDER COR-RUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 374) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 189, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 288] YEAS—228 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Aderholt Babin Clyburn Cummings Delaney Engel Gohmert Johnson, Sam Marino Napolitano Reichert Rokita Smith (TX) 
b1419 Messrs. KILDEE, PANETTA, Ms. SE-WELL of Alabama, Mr. LEVIN, and Ms. WILSON of Florida changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The question is on the reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.004 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4672 June 7, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 185, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 289] AYES—231 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Aderholt Babin Clyburn Cummings Delaney Engel Green, Al Johnson, Sam Larson (CT) Marino Napolitano Reichert Sherman Smith (TX) 
b1427 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately release his tax re-turn information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ sys-tem of checks and balances, Congress has responsibility to hold the executive branch of government to a fair and equal standard of transparency ensur-ing the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax His-tory Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax re-turn information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an im-portant baseline of reasonable informa-tion including whether the President paid taxes, ownership interests, chari-table donations made, and whether tax deductions have been exploited; Whereas, disclosure of the Presi-dent’s tax returns could help those in-vestigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the Presi-dent’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, in-cluding debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, eq-uity interests, joint ventures or licens-ing agreements with Russia or Rus-sians; Whereas, the President recently fired Federal Bureau of Investigation Direc-tor James Comey, under whose leader-ship the FBI was investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election; Whereas, President Trump reportedly stated to Russian officials during a White House meeting that he fired Di-rector Comey to ease pressure on the ongoing investigation of Russia’s influ-ence in the 2016 election; Whereas, Senate Russia investigators have requested information from the Treasury Department’s criminal inves-tigation division, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, which handles cases of money laun-dering, for information related to President Trump, his top officials and campaign aides. FinCEN has been in-vestigating allegations of foreign money-laundering through purchases of U.S. real estate; Whereas, the President’s tax returns would show us whether he has foreign bank accounts and how much profit he receives from his ownership in myriad partnerships; Whereas, Donald Trump Jr. said The Trump Organization saw money ‘‘pour-ing in from Russia’’ and that ‘‘Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets’’; Whereas, Congress gave itself the au-thority to review an individual’s tax returns to investigate and reveal pos-sible conflicts of interest of executive branch officials involved dating back to the Teapot Dome scandal; Whereas, it has been reported that federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn seeking business records as part of the ongoing probe into Russian in-volvement in the 2016 election; Whereas, according to his 2016 can-didate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 fi-nancial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.041 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4673 June 7, 2017 
businesses, and can still withdraw funds at any time from the trust of which he is the sole beneficiary; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution for the express purpose of preventing fed-eral officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, and Senate Fi-nance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under section 6103 of the Tax Code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Richard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Com-mittee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax in-formation of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, Director Comey has testi-fied that tax returns are a common tool in investigations because they can show income and motives; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international af-fairs, tax reform, government con-tracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives shall: One, immediately request the tax re-turn information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for re-view in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as pro-vided under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives; Two, support transparency in govern-ment and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 10, FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 375) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by end-ing bailouts and Too Big to Fail, hold-ing Washington and Wall Street ac-countable, eliminating red tape to in-crease access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd- Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 185, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 290] YEAS—228 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Aderholt Babin Brady (TX) Clyburn Cummings Ellison Engel Green, Al Johnson, Sam Marino Napolitano Pelosi Reichert Rooney, Thomas J. Sherman Smith (TX) Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1443 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.010 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4674 June 7, 2017 
Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 290. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 289 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 290. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: 1. H. Res. 374, Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 2213. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. 2. Motion on ordering the Previous Question on the Rule. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 188, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 291] YEAS—231 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aderholt Babin Clyburn Cummings Engel Johnson, Sam Marino McEachin Napolitano Reichert Smith (TX) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1449 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 291 on H.R. 10, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 288, No. 289, No. 290, and No. 291 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Mo-tion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule—Providing for consideration of H.R. 2213. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 374—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2213—Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 10. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on H. Res. 375—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 10—Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
NATIONAL GEORGE C. MARSHALL MUSEUM AND LIBRARY Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the con-current resolution (H. Con. Res. 33) des-ignating the George C. Marshall Mu-seum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 33 Whereas General George C. Marshall served as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, and Secretary of Defense; Whereas General George C. Marshall was promoted to General of the Army in 1944, one of only five Army five-star generals in the history of the United States; Whereas General George C. Marshall was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1946 for his military strategy and vital role during World War II; Whereas General George C. Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 for de-veloping the European economic recovery strategy known as the Marshall Plan; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.012 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4675 June 7, 2017 
Whereas the George C. Marshall Founda-tion was established in 1953 and is devoted to preserving the legacy of General George C. Marshall through educational scholarship programs and facilities; Whereas the George C. Marshall Founda-tion opened the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in 1964 in Lexington, Virginia, on the post of the Virginia Military Institute, which is the alma mater of General George C. Marshall; Whereas the George C. Marshall Museum educates the public about the military and diplomatic contributions of General George C. Marshall through extensive exhibits; and Whereas the George C. Marshall Research Library maintains the most comprehensive collection of records documenting the life and leadership of General George C. Mar-shall: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress designates the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 33. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 33, a resolution that designates the George C. Marshall Mu-seum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. George C. Marshall was one of Amer-ica’s most distinguished soldiers, a dedicated statesman, and a genuine peacemaker. General Marshall served as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, and Secretaries of both the Depart-ments of State and Defense. He was promoted to General of the Army in 1944—one of only nine individuals in our Nation’s history to rise to the rank of a five-star officer—and was also awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1946. In addition, General Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 for developing the European economic recovery strategy known as the Mar-shall Plan, which was essential to bringing peace to the postwar Euro-pean continent. To honor the legacy of such an ac-complished man, the George C. Mar-shall Foundation was created in 1953, to pay tribute to General Marshall’s contributions to our Nation and the world during some of the most perilous and tumultuous times of the 20th cen-tury. The Marshall Foundation pre-serves this legacy through educational facilities and scholarship programs. The George C. Marshall Foundation opened the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Li-brary in 1964, in Lexington, Virginia, on the post of the Virginia Military In-stitute, the alma mater of General Marshall. The library provides scholars with a documented record of the life of General Marshall and his public serv-ice, and the museum shares his inspir-ing story with visitors through exhibi-tions, artifacts, and educational pro-grams. General Marshall’s contributions to our Nation and our world cannot be overstated, and I hope to see this reso-lution adopted to designate the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library as the Na-tional George C. Marshall Museum and Library. Both institutions work tirelessly to highlight and share General Marshall’s work and service, and this is a fitting tribute to a man who spent a lifetime faithfully and courageously serving his country at home and abroad. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 33, designating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Li-brary. I appreciate my good friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ), for sponsoring the resolution and note that the entire Virginia dele-gation has signed on as original co-sponsors. General George C. Marshall is a na-tional hero, a distinguished public servant, and treasured piece of Vir-ginia’s history. Located in Lexington, Virginia, the George C. Marshall Mu-seum and Library are located on the campus of the Virginia Military Insti-tute, his alma mater. General Marshall served our country as the Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Sec-retary of State, president of the Red Cross, Secretary of Defense, and is one of only five Army five-star generals in the United States. After World War II, General Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953, for his role in developing the Eu-ropean Recovery Program better known as the Marshall Plan. This week we are commemorating the 70th anni-versary of the Marshall Plan speech given on June 5, 1947, at Harvard Uni-versity. The Marshall Plan contributed to European integration and growth in the aftermath of World War II. As the holder of the George C. Mar-shall papers and with a mission to col-lect, preserve, and share information regarding the life and career of General Marshall, it is apt to make this institu-tion the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. Mr. Speaker, considering the impor-tant place in our Nation’s history that General Marshall holds, I urge my col-leagues to support the resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge passage of H. Con. Res. 33. This resolution would designate the George C. Marshall Museum and the George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Li-brary. I would like to thank Chairwoman F
OXX, Ranking Member S COTT, and Mr. B
RAT for their work in bringing this legislation to the floor today. It is only fitting that we consider this resolution on the week of the 70th anniversary of George C. Marshall’s speech at Harvard University where he proposed a comprehensive foreign as-sistance program—later coined as the Marshall Plan—to help rebuild the war- torn and devastated economies in Western Europe after World War II. General George Catlett Marshall dedicated his life to public service— serving honorably in the United States Army, as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, and Sec-retary of Defense. He was one of only five five-star generals ever to serve in our military. From his allied plan to storm the beaches of Normandy to the Marshall Plan, his leadership changed the world. The history of the United States and the global community would be a dif-ferent place if not for the contributions of General Marshall. At the recommendation of former President Harry Truman, the Marshall Foundation was established in 1953. On May 23, 1964, the Marshall Museum and Library was dedicated on the post of the Virginia Military Institute—Gen-eral Marshall’s alma mater. b1500 For over 50 years, the Marshall Foun-dation has devoted its mission to edu-cating the public about the important contributions of General Marshall. The museum has five extensive ex-hibits and houses General Marshall’s 1953 Nobel Peace Prize. The research li-brary collects, preserves, and shares the largest collection of documents pertaining to General Marshall’s life. Just last year, the Marshall Founda-tion reached a huge milestone with the completion of the Papers of George Catlett Marshall. This project began in 1977 with a goal to create a published record of every document that General Marshall produced. The final project consists of 7 volumes and includes 4,260 documents spanning over 5,666 pages. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.016 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4676 June 7, 2017 
In addition to its extensive research work, the Marshall Foundation pro-vides educational opportunities for col-lege students and future military lead-ers. The Marshall Undergraduate Schol-ars program sends college history stu-dents to the Marshall Foundation to conduct primary research in the li-brary’s archives. The Marshall Army ROTC Award Seminar also provides the top ROTC cadet at each college in the United States the opportunity to par-ticipate in a national security con-ference with fellow award recipients and current Army leaders. The Mar-shall-Arnold Air Force ROTC Award Seminar provides a similar opportunity to top senior cadets at each college with an Air Force ROTC program. Two years ago, the Marshall Founda-tion began the Marshall Legacy Se-ries—this multiyear series of exhibits, lectures, and events to showcase Gen-eral Marshall’s contributions during the 20th century, and connects those contributions to today’s world. This is just a snapshot of the impor-tant work the Marshall Foundation conducts to honor and preserve the leg-acy of General Marshall. I am honored to have such a distinguished institu-tion in my district, the Sixth Congres-sional District of Virginia. General Marshall once said: ‘‘Sin-cerity, integrity, and tolerance are, to my mind, the first requirements of many to a fine, strong character.’’ I applaud the Marshall Foundation’s work in sharing Marshall’s vision and character with a new generation of Americans. I urge passage of this reso-lution to honor one of America’s most sincere and distinguished public serv-ants by congressionally designating the museum and library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my Virginia colleagues for their leadership, and I urge my col-leagues to support the resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased we are ad-vancing a bipartisan proposal today, one that means a great deal to the peo-ple in my home State of Virginia, to designate the George C. Marshall Mu-seum and Library as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Li-brary. We do this to honor a great American hero and his enduring leg-acy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 33. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
ANTI-BORDER CORRUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 374, I call up the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti-Bor-der Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 374, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 2213 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. HIRING FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376; 6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may waive the application of subsection (a)(1) in the following circumstances: ‘‘(1) In the case of a current, full-time law en-forcement officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency, if such officer— ‘‘(A) has served as a law enforcement officer for not fewer than three years with no break in service; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of, or the incarceration of any person for, any violation of law, and has statu-tory powers for arrest or apprehension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in criminal ac-tivity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer position under investigation or in lieu of termination, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement offi-cer position; and ‘‘(D) has, within the past ten years, success-fully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such officer’s cur-rent law enforcement agency. ‘‘(2) In the case of a current, full-time law en-forcement officer employed by a Federal law en-forcement agency, if such officer— ‘‘(A) has served as a law enforcement officer for not fewer than three years with no break in service; ‘‘(B) has authority to make arrests, conduct investigations, conduct searches, make seizures, carry firearms, and serve orders, warrants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in criminal ac-tivity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer position under investigation or in lieu of termination, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement offi-cer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background inves-tigation or current Tier 5 background investiga-tion. ‘‘(3) In the case of an individual who is a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve com-ponent thereof) or a veteran, if such indi-vidual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past five years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret / Sen-sitive Compartmented Information clearance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past five years, a current Tier 4 background inves-tigation or current Tier 5 background investiga-tion; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an hon-orable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in criminal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) TERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’. 
SEC. 3. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR-ITY AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ON-EXEMPTION .—An individual who re-ceives a waiver under subsection (b) of section 3 is not exempt from other hiring requirements re-lating to suitability for employment and eligi-bility to hold a national security designated po-sition, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any indi- vidual who receives a waiver under subsection (b) of section 3 who holds a current Tier 4 back-ground investigation shall be subject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to admin-ister a polygraph examination to an applicant or employee who is eligible for or receives a waiver under subsection (b) of section 3 if infor-mation is discovered prior to the completion of a background investigation that results in a deter-mination that a polygraph examination is nec-essary to make a final determination regarding suitability for employment or continued employ-ment, as the case may be.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING. 
‘‘Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section and every year for the next four years thereafter, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall pro-vide the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate information on the number, disaggregated with respect to each of para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (b) of sec-tion 3, of waivers requested, granted, and de-nied, and the reasons for any such denial, and the final outcome of the application for employ-ment at issue. Such information shall also in-clude the number of instances a polygraph ex-amination was administered under the condi-tions described in subsection (c) of section 4, the result of such examination, and the final out-come of the application for employment at issue.’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The term ‘law enforcement officer’ has the meaning given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.050 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4677 June 7, 2017 
such term in sections 8331(20) and 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(3) S
ERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, au-thorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Court-Martial, as pursu-ant to Army Regulation 635-200 chapter 14-12. ‘‘(4) T
IER 4 ; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background investiga-tions have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Standards.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 2213. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDING ON  
AMENDMENT TO H .R. 2213, ANTI-BORDER COR -
RUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting amendment No. 1 to H.R. 2213 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and in support of the Anti-Border Cor-ruption Reauthorization Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the failed immigration policies of the previous administration have kept our borders open, weakened our national security, and put millions of American lives at risk from an in-creasing number of grave and growing threats. These threats come from drug cartels, gang members, human traf-fickers, and international terrorists who seek to do our country harm. Fortunately, we now have a partner in the White House who understands that we cannot rely on the oceans or other natural boundaries alone to sepa-rate us from those looking to infiltrate our homeland. This morning, I was once again pleased to welcome Secretary Kelly be-fore the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and listen to him articulate the importance of border security to the Trump administration. We know we need a 21st century bor-der to meet 21st century threats. Sadly, every few days, we hear a story on the news that reminds us of the dan-gerous consequences of Washington’s inability to achieve that goal. As a former Federal prosecutor and the chief of counterterrorism and na-tional security in the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Texas, I have seen how people take advantage of our Nation’s open borders. Over time, those who are de-termined to come here illegally become agile. They adapt to the measures that we take to stop them. It is obvious that we need a new approach. When it comes to strengthening our borders, additional funds and new tech-nology will be necessary. However, our strongest assets are the courageous men and women who serve as Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Protection officers. These patriots put their lives on the line every single day to protect us while also safeguarding our economic relationships that boost American jobs and grow American businesses. However, we are almost 1,800 Border Patrol agents and 1,000 CBP officers short of having the force that we need to keep our borders secure. Our forces are stretched thin and our efforts to re-cruit additional officers and agents have slowed due to strict requirements for new applicants. Currently, it takes an average of 113 applicants to hire just one new officer or agent. This is a major problem that must be addressed. This legislation offers a solution by providing the CBP Commissioner with the flexibility to hire State and local law enforcement officers who have al-ready served for 3 years without a break in service, are not under inves-tigation or have been found guilty of misconduct, and have previously passed a law enforcement polygraph exam. It also provides the CBP Commis-sioner with the authority to hire mem-bers and veterans of the armed services who have held security clearances and who have already completed a robust background check. To put it simply, this bill will make it easier for some of America’s finest law enforcement officers and soldiers to help protect our borders. As drugs continue to creep into our neighborhoods and wreak havoc on our communities and terrorists advance their plans to attack our country and disrupt our way of life, we must make sure we have an adequate force to pro-tect our borders. This needs to be a priority. This should not be a partisan issue. In fact, Mr. Speaker, this bill passed unani-mously out of my committee. Members from both parties should come to-gether, as they did at the committee level, as Mr. V
ELAdid, and support this effort. American families deserve to know that we are doing everything we can to keep our homeland safe. This legisla-tion gives us a chance to do just that. I would like to thank my colleague and chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, Con-gresswoman M
CSALLY from Arizona, for all of her hard work on this bill. As a Representative from a district along our Southern border, she fully under-stands more than any Member the seri-ousness of this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2017. I have forcefully rejected the Presi-dent’s mass deportation efforts from the beginning, and I will continue to do so. Many of us have appropriately criti-cized our President for wrongfully at-tributing the criminal actions of a few undocumented individuals to the entire undocumented population. Equally here, it would be hypocritical to at-tribute the criminal actions of a few rogue agents to the hardworking men and women that protect our Nation every day and who uphold the ethical standards that we should expect. The Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2017 will assist CBP in fulfilling its mission to facilitate le-gitimate trade and travel at our ports of entry. According to the Joint Economic Committee, the volume of commerce crossing our borders has more than tri-pled in the last 25 years. Currently, 1.1 million people and $5.9 billion in goods enter and exit the U.S. at 328 U.S. ports of entry every day. In fiscal year 2016, CBP officers and agents seized and/or disrupted more than 3.3 million pounds of narcotics across the country, including approxi-mately 46,000 pounds of methamphet-amine, 48,000 pounds of heroin, and 440 pounds of fentanyl, keeping these harmful drugs off of our streets. CBP has struggled with recruiting the officers and agents to fill its front-line ranks at our Nation’s air, land, and seaports. Currently, there are 1,400 unfilled positions within the CBP workforce at our Nation’s ports of entry. Delays and short staffing at our ports of entry costs the United States economy up to $5.8 billion each year. Under this bill, the CBP Commis-sioner may, on a case-by-case basis, ex-empt certain veterans and State and local law enforcement officers who meet specific standards, such as hold-ing a security clearance and previously passing a polygraph, from having to take the CBP polygraph as a part of the hiring process. All other vetting re-quirements in the 12-step hiring proc-ess for these applicants will still apply. This bill simply grants CBP limited authority to waive a single step in its robust vetting process for qualifying applicants who hold security clear-ances or who have successfully com-pleted polygraphs. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMPSON , and Chairwoman M
CSALLY for their work on this bill. I also thank Chair-man M
CCAUL and Chairwoman M
CSALLY by accepting changes offered by the minority to improve this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.017 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4678 June 7, 2017 
Ranking Member T HOMPSON offered an amendment in committee to require CBP to report to Congress how many of these waivers are requested, granted, and denied; the reasons for these deni-als; as well as whether these applicants are ultimately hired or not. b1515 Additionally, it requires CBP to in-form Congress on the number of appli-cants who are granted a waiver but un-dergo a polygraph examination anyway based on information discovered during their background investigation. Con-gress must remain vigilant about how the waiver authority is used, and this amendment will ensure we have the in-formation to do so. Mr. Speaker, in short, the men and women on the front lines of CBP need our help. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ), the sponsor of the bill and the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2017. U.S. Customs and Border Protection has two key missions: securing the bor-der and facilitating cross-border com-merce that powers the Nation’s eco-nomic growth. In order to accomplish those missions, they need enough agents and officers to be able to make arrests, interdict drug loads, screen cargo from countries of concern, or move legitimate commerce and pas-sengers through an air, land, and sea port of entry. U.S. Border Patrol agents and CBP officers are, at the end of the day, the most important border security and trade resource we have. Unfortunately, they are in short supply these days, which has created a national security and economic vulnerability that this Congress must address. CBP is critically understaffed and re-mains well below its congressionally mandated staffing levels by more than 1,000 CBP officers and 1,800 border pa-trol agents. The manpower shortage is getting worse. We are losing ground every single month, and there is no end in sight as we continue to lose experi-enced agents and officers through at-trition without the ability to effi-ciently hire new ones. For example, CBP has invested $200 million in a port of entry infrastructure in Arizona, alone, over the last 8 years, but there is simply not enough staff to open up every lane that is available. I want to emphasize this point: offi-cer and agent shortages did not happen overnight. The U.S. Border Patrol has not met its congressionally mandated hiring numbers since fiscal year 2014, and CBP has been losing officers to man our ports since early in fiscal year 2016. At the current hiring rate, approxi-mately 113 applicants go through the process in order to hire a single officer or agent. That means CBP needs to have hundreds of thousands of people apply just to meet their current needs. We need more manpower to properly secure our border, screen passengers at our Nation’s airports who arrive from overseas, and facilitate cross-border commerce that powers our economy. There are several underlying issues that are responsible for these current staffing woes. For starters, it takes more than 292 days for these 12 distinct steps, on average, to hire a new officer or agent. And even with the newer ex-pedited system that is supposed to con-dense these steps into just several days, it still takes an average of 160 days to complete the process. Very few people can wait somewhere between 6 months to a year for a job. We are los-ing very experienced and already vet-ted applicants. Several years ago, the committee began working directly with the pre-vious administration to find solutions to these staffing problems and the hir-ing process. The bill under consider-ation today represents the fruits of that bipartisan work and, as a result, was passed out of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee unanimously last month. My bill allows the Commissioner of CBP to waive the polygraph require-ment for current State and local law enforcement officers who have already passed a polygraph examination, Fed-eral law enforcement officers who have already passed a stringent background investigation, and veterans with at least 3 consecutive years in the mili-tary who have held a security clear-ance and passed a background check. These exemptions are purely discre-tionary, not mandatory. If there is something in an applicant’s history or background that causes CBP concern, they can still use the polygraph exam to resolve those questions. These small changes will provide CBP with immediate relief so they are able to quickly, yet judiciously, hire officers and agents from a pool of qualified applicants who already main-tain the public’s trust and put their lives on the line for our security and our safety on a daily basis. I want to make my position very clear. Everyone who applies to be a CBP officer or Border Patrol agent should be thoroughly vetted to ensure there are no integrity issues in their background and they are not at risk for corruption. That is how the current system operates, and nothing in this bill would change that. That is why Congress required polygraph examina-tions and stringent background checks for agents in the first place. I fully support the use of polygraph examinations to weed out people who are unfit to wear the badge or carry a gun, but we can and should make these very narrow, sensible, and straight-forward allowances to permit CBP to hire those who have already been vet-ted and proven by their service in uni-form that they are suitable to become agents and officers. The National Treasury Employees Union, who represent the officers who are stationed at the ports of entry; the Non Commissioned Officers Associa-tion, who represent many of our vet-erans; the Fraternal Order of Police; the Border Trade Alliance; the U.S. Chamber of Commerce; and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security all support this bill. Indeed, this is a rare bill that has united both management and labor. I include these letters of support in the RECORD . 
THENATIONAL TREASURY  E
MPLOYEES UNION, June 5, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Offi-cers at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity who are stationed at 328 land, sea and air ports of entry represented by the Na-tional Treasury Employees Union (NTEU), I ask you to vote YES on H.R. 2213, the Anti- Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017. This legislation would expand the appli-cant pool for vacant CBP Officer positions by allowing the CBP Commissioner to waive polygraph requirements for certain cat-egories of job applicants. NTEU continues to have significant con-cerns about the slow pace of hiring at CBP. CBP has struggled to fill 2,000 Officer posi-tions that Congress authorized in 2014. A major impediment to fulfilling CBP’s hiring goal is that CBP is the only federal agency with a congressional mandate that all front- line officer applicants receive a polygraph test. Two out of three applicants fail its polygraph—about 65 percent—more than double the average rate of eight law enforce-ment agencies according to data provided to the Associated Press. The eight law enforce-ment agencies that supplied this information showed an average failure rate of 28 percent. As an example, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration failed 36 percent of appli-cants in the past two years. NTEU does not seek to reduce the stand-ards used by CBP in their hiring process, but believes that there is a problem with how the polygraph is currently administered. We have asked CBP to review its current poly-graph policy to understand why CBP is fail-ing applicants at a much higher rate than in-dividuals applying to work at other federal law enforcement agencies. H.R. 2213 expands the authority to waive polygraph examina-tions for certain veterans and law enforce-ment officers, while also safeguarding CBP’s right to administer the polygraph for these exempted applicants if a need arises. Improving the current polygraph program should help in expediting the CBP Officer hiring process so that the existing 1,400 va-cancies can be filled allowing CBP to move forward with funding and hiring the 2,107 ad-ditional Officers required by CBP’s Work-force Staffing Model. NTEU also rec-ommends that CBP allow immediate poly-graph re-testing opportunities to those with a No Opinion or Inconclusive result, includ-ing those with a No Opinion Counter Meas-ures finding. NTEU asks you to vote YES on H.R. 2213. Sincerely, A
NTHONY M. R EARDON , National President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.053 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4679 June 7, 2017 
NONCOMMISSIONED OFFICERS  A
SSOCIATION , June 6, 2017. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN JOHNSON : On behalf of the Non-Commissioned Officers Association (NCOA), a Veteran Service Organization of over 55,000 members, I am writing to offer support for the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Re-authorization Act of 2017,’’ which was or-dered reported as S. 595 by the Senate Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on May 17, 2017, and reported as H.R. 2213 by the House Homeland Security Committee on May 16, 2017. NCOA supports the goal of increasing border security through easing polygraph requirements for Veterans who have already taken a poly-graph and are interested in serving the bor-der security mission. NCOA has been working with CBP to help fulfill its hiring and recruiting mission. CBP is faced with numerous challenges—many of which can be assisted by looking to our na-tion’s transitioning Veterans. NCOA has had an extensive and national transition pro-gram for our NCOs for decades and believe that our Veterans are qualified, trained, and committed to the mission of protecting our nation. NCOA supports amendments to the Anti- Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Pub. L. No. 111–376), which fosters integrity in the work-place by requiring that all CBP applicants for law enforcement positions receive a poly-graph examination before being offered em-ployment. The amendments proposed by S. 595 and H.R. 2213 would enable CBP to de-velop a risk-based approach to extend poly-graph waiver eligibility to an applicant who falls under one of three categories and satis-fies specific criteria including but not lim-ited to: 1. A Current State or Local Law Enforce-ment Officer with a successfully completed polygraph examination with the applicant’s law enforcement agency, at least three con-secutive years employed as a fully author-ized law enforcement officer, and no history of criminal activity or serious misconduct; 2. A Current Federal Law Enforcement Of-ficer with at least three consecutive years employed as a fully authorized federal law enforcement officer, a current/in-scope Tier 4 Background Investigation or a Tier 5 Single Scope Background Investigation, and no his-tory of criminal activity or serious mis-conduct; or 3. A Transitioning Military Service Mem-ber, Veteran, or Member of the Reserves or National Guard who has at least four years of service in the military, no history of criminal activity or serious misconduct, and who holds or has held (within the past five years) a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance and was not granted any waivers to ob-tain that clearance. NCOA believes the flexibility to waive the polygraph for the Veteran categories out-lined in the amendment makes sense and would potentially expedite their onboarding to a position in border patrol. Currently, the onboarding process simply takes too long and CBP loses great candidates, and Vet-erans go elsewhere. We also strongly disagree with objections to this small alteration to the polygraph policies—we are talking about Veterans and others who have already committed their lives to protecting the nation and its citizens and to say otherwise is pure fallacy and dirty politics. Thank you for your attention and for your efforts to help secure our borders and enable transitioning Veterans to find meaningful employment. Respectfully, JONOSTROWSKI , BMCS (ret.) U.S. Coast Guard, Executive Director, NCOA. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL ORDER  
OFPOLICE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN O. M CCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY H. H OYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND REPRESENTATIVES  M
CCARTHY , PELOSI AND HOYER : I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise you of our support for H.R. 2213, the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act,’’ and to urge the House to pass it. The pace of hiring at the Customs and Bor-der Protection in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has been problematic for several years. This legislation would expand the applicant front line officers pool to fill vacant officer positions at CBP by allowing the Commissioner to waive the polygraph re-quirements in certain cases. The CBP is one of the few Federal agencies that requires all its front-line officers to pass a polygraph—a test that two of three applicants will fail. This rate of failure is considerably higher than other Federal law enforcement agencies and the FOP strongly recommends that how these tests are administered be reviewed to determine why this is the case. The bill will give the CBP greater flexi-bility by allowing the polygraph test to be waived for certain veterans and law enforce-ment officers. This will enable the CBP to fill its positions without compromising the integrity of their hiring process. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, we are pleased to support this legislation and look forward to its passage in the House. If I can be of any further assistance on this or any other issue, please do not hesitate to contact me or my Senior Advisor Jim Pasco in my Washington, D.C. office. Sincerely, C
HUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
BORDER TRADE ALLIANCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2017. Hon. M
ARTHA MCSALLY , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE MCSALLY : The Bor- der Trade Alliance (BTA) supports your leg-islation, H.R. 2213, The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Reauthorization Act of 2017, which con-tains important reforms to the polygraph ex-amination process employed in the recruit-ment of Customs and Border Protection offi-cers. For over 30 years, the BTA has sought to support public policies that encourage robust cross-border trade while ensuring our ports of entry have the resources necessary to process that trade securely and efficiently. Adequate port staffing is critical to realizing those goals. We share your belief that CBP’s ability to recruit new officers into its ranks is ham-strung by a polygraph screening that is over-ly burdensome and not properly aligned with the needs of today’s CBP. CBP’s failure to meet Congress’ calls for hiring 2,000 new officers must be addressed swiftly, or our borders will continue to be characterized by long delays and congestion. Your bill wisely seeks to streamline the re-cruitment process by waving the existing polygraph exam process for current state or local law enforcement officers in good stand-ing if they have already completed a poly-graph examination as a condition of their employment or, in the case of federal law en-forcement officials, have already completed a Tier 4 or 5 background investigation. In the case of members of the military or vet-erans, your bill allows the polygraph exam to be waived for individuals who have re-ceived high level security clearances. Fi-nally, your legislation contains an added level of security by permitting CBP to ad-minister a polygraph exam in those cases where a background investigation indicates a polygraph examination is necessary to make a final determination regarding an ap-plicant’s suitability for employment or an employee’s continued employment. The reforms contained in your legislation are important as we seek new ways to at-tract talented, qualified individuals into CBP careers with as few redundant, bureau-cratic hurdles as possible, while still strengthening border security and ensuring the highest degree of confidence in new re-cruits. The Border Trade Alliance is proud to sup-port your legislation and we commend you for working in a bipartisan fashion. Our or-ganization stands ready to assist you in your efforts to advance this bill through to pas-sage. Sincerely, RUSSELL L. J ONES , Chairman. B
RITTON CLARKE , President. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, May 4, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ENNIE THOMPSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Homeland Se-curity, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL AND RANKING  M
EMBER THOMPSON : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports H.R. 2213, the ‘‘Anti-Bor-der Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ This legislation is a positive development for national security, veterans’ employment, and facilitating trade and travel as it ad-dresses the shortage of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officers at our bor-ders. Over the past several years, attempts have been made to increase the ranks of CBP offi-cers. It is clear from CBP’s own staffing model that additional resources are needed to adequately secure the homeland and fa-cilitate legitimate trade and travel. This leg-islation would provide the flexibility to ex-pedite the hiring process for qualified indi-viduals who have already proven themselves through service in local law enforcement or the military. To meet the staffing levels set by Con-gress, this legislation is critical and would help on both the national security and eco-nomic fronts. A recent study found that every batch of 33 CBP officers hired could lead to an increase in GDP of $61.8 million and employment gains of 1,053 jobs in the U.S. The Chamber appreciates the Committee’s continued engagement to ensure that our borders have the appropriate resources and looks forward to advancing this bipartisan legislation. Sincerely, N
EILL. B RADLEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.022 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4680 June 7, 2017 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 2, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: On behalf of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), I am writing to offer support for the ‘‘Anti- Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017,’’ which was ordered reported as S. 595 by the Senate Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs Committee on May 17, 2017, and reported as H.R. 2213 by the House Homeland Security Committee on May 16, 2017. DHS supports the goal of increasing border security through balanced invest-ments in infrastructure, technology, and per-sonnel. CBP has worked aggressively during the past two years to implement its multifaceted recruitment strategy and execute large-scale improvements to its frontline hiring process. While these efforts have led to considerable progress in many areas, CBP is examining every aspect of its pre-employment hiring process to identify areas in which additional improvements can be made. CBP’s chal-lenges in recruitment are, to a great extent, contingent on our rigorous hiring process, which is designed to ensure only those indi-viduals who meet the qualifications of CBP’s frontline positions and have the highest de-gree of integrity are recruited to serve as agents and officers safeguarding our borders and ports of entry. While many modifica-tions to streamline the pre-employment hir-ing process are being considered, CBP will not lower its high standards for any of its frontline personnel. DHS supports amendments to the Anti- Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Pub. L. No. 111–376), which fosters integrity in the work-place by requiring that all CBP applicants for law enforcement positions receive a poly-graph examination before being offered em-ployment. The amendments proposed by S. 595 and H.R. 2213 would enable CBP to de-velop a risk-based approach to extend poly-graph waiver eligibility to an applicant who falls under one of three categories and satis-fies specific criteria including but not lim-ited to: 1. A Current State or Local Law Enforce-ment Officer with a successfully completed polygraph examination with the applicant’s law enforcement agency, at least three con-secutive years employed as a fully author-ized law enforcement officer, and no history of criminal activity or serious misconduct; 2. A Current Federal Law Enforcement Of-ficer with at least three consecutive years employed as a fully authorized federal law enforcement officer, a current/in-scope Tier 4 Background Investigation or a Tier 5 Single Scope Background Investigation, and no his-tory of criminal activity or serious mis-conduct; or 3. A Transitioning Military Service Mem-ber, Veteran, or Member of the Reserves or National Guard who has at least four years of service in the military, no history of criminal activity or serious misconduct, and who holds or has held (within the past five years) a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance and was not granted any waivers to ob-tain that clearance. DHS values the demonstrated commitment and trustworthiness that these applicants bring to the mission, and the quality of vet-ting already performed at the state, local and Federal levels for these individuals in sensitive positions. Waivers will not be granted lightly as each criterion will be carefully vetted and reviewed to ensure verification. DHS believes the flexibility to waive the polygraph for individuals in these limited populations would potentially expedite their onboarding and allow CBP to direct more re-sources toward the processing of other groups of applicants, preventing potential bottlenecks in the hiring pipeline. Addition-ally, the bills would retain the requirement for these specific applicants, like all CBP law enforcement applicants, to undergo a Tier 5 background investigation. Should de-rogatory information be detected during an applicant’s background investigation, CBP may then choose to administer a polygraph examination. DHS believes this approach enables CBP to weigh pre-employment risks and implement mitigation measures in order to improve its hiring capacity without lowering standards. By affording CBP the flexibility to waive the polygraph examination for eligible individ-uals in one of these categories, DHS believes CBP will be able to boost applicant numbers and the number of persons entering the acad-emy to begin training. Additionally, retain-ing the requirement for all law enforcement applicants to undergo a Tier 5 background investigation (the highest level), coupled with random drug testing, periodic reinves-tigation, and the continuous evaluation of employees for criminal conduct, will assist in mitigating any potential risk. The Office of Management and Budget ad-vises that, from the standpoint of the Ad-ministration’s program, there is no objection to the presentation of this letter to Con-gress. I appreciate your support of DHS, and I look forward to working with you on this polygraph waiver legislation and future homeland security issues. I have sent iden-tical letters of support to the Ranking Mem-ber of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, the Chair and Ranking Members of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security and its Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, whose Chairwoman introduced H.R. 2213, and Senator Flake who introduced S. 595. Respectfully, B
ENJAMIN CASSIDY , Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Let me close with just this example. I served in the Air Force for 26 years. In that time, I held a Top Secret/SCI clearance with access to compartmen-talized programs as well, some of the most sensitive information that our government possesses. I was entrusted to fly a $12 million aircraft, command a squadron, run counterterrorism oper-ations and combat search and rescue operations, retiring as a colonel, yet I have never taken a polygraph exam like the one required if I wanted to be a Border Patrol line agent after I re-tired, but I was subjected to periodic, very detailed background checks, back-ground investigations, now called a tier 5 investigation, which is one that every single one of these agents and of-ficers will also have to go through. It is a very invasive and thorough investiga-tion. They talk to your neighbors, your coworkers, look in your financial records, your employers, you name it, to make sure that you are qualified. So this example is a mismatch of public trust and it doesn’t make any sense, and we need to give the CBP Commissioner discretion on a narrow case-by-case basis to fully vet appli-cants in the way that makes the most sense to fill these positions while pre-venting corruption. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAULand Ranking Member T HOMP -
SON, and especially my ranking mem-ber, Mr. V
ELA, for his support and work with us on this important bill. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I do not at all question the intentions of the proponents of this bill. I understand that the entire rationale is to expedite hiring because of the vast number of vacancies. I do, however, question the wisdom of this approach. I think it is worth noting that, cur-rently, two-thirds of the applicants for CBP fail the polygraph test; and that is important not as a barrier, but because that polygraph test reveals misconduct that makes them ineligible. Now, the current Department of Homeland Security inspector general, John Roth, has expressed strong res-ervations about polygraph changes, the waivers, and, specifically, about these bills. He indicates that we need to iden-tify other ways to make hiring more efficient ‘‘without sacrificing integrity and effectiveness.’’ And, in fact, the DHS OIG is currently auditing the CBP polygraph program, as is the GAO. If you take a look at the bill, it al-lows for exemptions of the polygraph to certain categories of people, one of which is law enforcement officers who have undergone a polygraph examina-tion as a condition of employment within the past 10 years. Well, you know, there was actually a Freedom of Information request on who flunked the polygraph tests in the CBP, and what has come out is that people who fall into this exemption admitted con-duct that would make them ineligible, including child pornography, smug-gling of drugs, theft. It is fine to say that this would only be used when you knew that there wasn’t a problem. The problem with that argument is sometimes you don’t find out what the problem is until you subject the applicant to a polygraph or they know that they are about to be subjected to a polygraph, in which case, they own up. So the Border Patrol is to be hon-ored; they do a great job for us. But we know that the Sinaloa drug cartel is trying to recruit applicants. The last thing we need is for them to succeed, for our sake as well as for our brave men and women in the Border Patrol. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, this bill is about stand-ing up for Border Patrol cops. Border Patrol is woefully undermanned. This bill addresses this serious issue. In order to stand strong against jihadist terror and cartel organized crime, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.020 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4681 June 7, 2017 
must have an adequate number of boots on the ground. Mr. Speaker, I served my community for many, many years as a street cop. I know exactly what it is to work pa-trol under dangerous, exhausting con-ditions. My Border Patrol brothers and sisters of the thin blue line are stretched too thin. Hear my words: These are high cal-iber law enforcement professionals, but they are well below the staffing levels mandated by Congress. This bill is not about lowering stand-ards, as some critics claim. To the con-trary, this bill allows for a common-sense approach to hire experienced, highly qualified patriots to fill the ranks of our front lines. This bill al-lows reasonable degrees of discretion that streamline the vetting and hiring process at Customs and Border Patrol. I would like to thank Chairwoman M
CSALLY for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support the law enforcement community and vote in favor of this important legislation. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM). Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I had the benefit, of course, of hearing my col-league, Congresswoman L
OFGREN , and I appreciate my colleagues on the other side because, agreed, we all want there to be the right sort of national security protections at the border, but we want to make sure that we are maximizing those opportunities and recognize that there has been an issue of being able to address the shortage of officers. But to address a workforce shortage by mini-mizing the very requirements that not only preserve our national security and protect the men and women at our bor-der, I would agree, is not the way that we should be proceeding. Mr. Speaker, in fact, I rise in opposi-tion to the Anti-Border Corruption Re-authorization Act. As a Member from a border State that heavily trades with Mexico, I certainly understand the value of having sufficient customs offi-cials manning our ports of entry and agents protecting our border; but eliminating the critical polygraph re-quirements for certain CBP applicants only undermines our Nation’s safety, given this agency’s historic connection to organized crime, drug cartels, and corruption. The DHS inspector general has warned that weakening CBP polygraph requirements would make our southern border more vulnerable and that we should, instead, identify ways to make hiring more efficient without sacri-ficing integrity and effectiveness. Mr. Speaker, in fact, I live in a com-munity that the FBI has now identified as one of the most dangerous cities in the country, Albuquerque, New Mexico, primarily because of the drug cartel. The drug trade in our city and in our State is significant, so we understand having sufficient officers. While I strongly oppose this bill, I am committed to working with my col-leagues and CBP to identify solutions that won’t jeopardize national secu-rity. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, in the preamble of the Constitution, our Founding Fathers explained a more perfect Union required the Federal Government to do a few things, and to do them well. At the top of the list is the Federal Government’s responsi-bility to provide for the common de-fense and secure our freedom. There is no freedom without secu-rity. These concepts, these pillars upon which this great Nation was founded, must be proactively protected every day by men and women across this Na-tion. A select few of those men and women wake up every morning to pa-trol and protect our sovereign Nation’s border in the face of drug smuggling, human trafficking, and violent crimi-nal activity. b1530 They work to safeguard our Nation, enforce the rule of law, and promote free trade and commerce through our ports of entry. Yet the previous admin-istration’s policy left our Border Pa-trol and Customs operations ham-strung and significantly understaffed. As someone who represents a border State, I have seen and experienced those vulnerabilities firsthand. To say that our Border Patrol and Customs operations are woefully understaffed is woefully understated. We are almost 3,000 officers and agents short of the minimum that is man-dated by Congress. One reason for this understaffing is the unreasonable and protracted hiring processes. In 2015, it took more than 460 days, on average, and 11 separate steps to hire a new officer or agent. This is ab-solutely absurd, even by government standards, and it must be fixed. That is why today I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 2213. This legislation provides a more commonsense and expeditious process for hiring border personnel. We also need enough Customs officers to foster efficient trade for a robust economy. A recent study found that every batch of 33 CBP officers hired could lead to an increase in GDP of $60 million and an employment gain of over 1,000 jobs. For too long, the Fed-eral Government has abdicated its chief responsibility of securing our bor-ders and protecting our citizens. We must put the safety and security of the American people first and give our Bor-der Patrol and the CBP the staff they need to do their job. Mr. Speaker, therefore, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2213, and I applaud Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member V
ELA, and Representative M
CSALLY for their leadership on this critical issue. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ). Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2017. This legislation aims to address a staffing issue that has plagued the United States Customs and Border Pa-trol for many years. H.R. 2213 would add the option to waive the polygraph test for a select few individuals who have already suc-cessfully taken and passed a similar polygraph test in the past. These indi-viduals are veterans, members of our Armed Forces, or law enforcement offi-cers with clean records and years of honorable service. A veteran with secret clearance and an honorable discharge, 3 years of serv-ice, and a tier 5 background check is someone I would hold in high regard and exempt from an unnecessary poly-graph. I would not be in favor of this bill if it was exempting a polygraph test to the general public. This is a special group—our veterans and our law en-forcement. This legislation would not change the United States Customs and Border Pa-trol requirements for background checks or interviews. Customs and Bor-der Patrol would still have their can-didates undergo the regular battery of tests and checks. Customs and Border Patrol would still ask a candidate who waived the polygraph under these pro-posed changes to take the examination. This bill will not lower the standards for entry. Rather, the flexibility it pro-vides would prevent potential bottle-necks in the hiring pipelines and elimi-nate redundancy. Mr. Speaker, I would like to appease the concerns of several of my col-leagues and say that this is not about building up a deportation force. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reaffirm that this legislation exclusively applies to Customs and Border Patrol, and it will not change the hiring procedures for Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. This bill is about ensuring the agency hires only the best and the most honorable candidates. This bill is about providing employment and ad-vancement opportunities for our serv-icemembers and law enforcement and creating job opportunities for those liv-ing in our border communities and bor-der States. Mr. Speaker, I also live in a border community, and I support this bill. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ), the chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this polygraph waiver provision that is proposed here is a darn good idea that is a long time overdue from happening. The reality is the hiring process of the Border Patrol, and, in fact, I would argue almost everything under my ju-risdiction in Homeland Security, is as slow as molasses in the wintertime. It just doesn’t move. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.055 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4682 June 7, 2017 
Meanwhile, we have got skilled law enforcement people applying, skilled former veterans with high clearances who are applying for these jobs and being stumbled by the lack of poly-graph operators available to do it. This is a choice and a right choice of setting a priority for those people who have served, proving their worth, and are asking to be part of the defense of our national borders. I support this wholeheartedly. I support Chairwoman M
CSALLY ’s concept here. It is great. It starts a new way of doing things. We need more than anything else in the Federal Government—if a new way of doing things is the right way, we ought to be doing it. Nobody is going to keep from checking on people. You can still make them take a polygraph if you run across something you don’t like. But it is a good idea whose time has come. Let’s be modern Americans and have new ideas and make those new ideas work. I commend everyone here in support of this. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, and I think, for a change, gov-ernment is making a good start at new ideas. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I will not mince words. Anyone who votes for this bill is voting to support and imple-ment Donald Trump’s views on immi-gration, his desire to militarize our southern border, and his fantasy of a mass deportation force. You cannot spin it any other way. If we want to lower the standards for screening and hiring CBP officers, eliminate checks that could help weed out candidates with criminal histories or criminal intentions, and water down the integrity of this important na-tional security source, this bill is for you. But if you care about border security and the integrity of the officers, you should join me in voting against the bill. To me and a lot of other people watching this debate, this is about something else. Remember that man descending the golden escalators at Trump Tower announcing his campaign for President by saying Mexicans who come to the U.S. are rapists, drug deal-ers, and murderers? Remember him? Do you want to buy into his vision of immigrants as a brown horde intent on doing America harm? If you are onboard with this, you are also onboard with building a wall; on-board with billions to be spent on de-porting moms and dads who have lived here for decades; going after DREAM-ers as the Trump administration is doing today, deporting DREAMers from the United States of America. Where do you want to draw the line on the Trump deportation agenda? I say draw the line right here, right now, and don’t give another inch. There are many ways to secure the Nation, but watering down the hiring standards of our men and women in uniform should not be one of them. Let’s secure the border. Let’s have them have the same test at the border that you have a DEA agent, FBI agent, Secret Service agent. What are we going to do? Not have them take polygraph tests? That is going to make America safe. I doubt it. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative V
ELA for yielding time to me and also Chairman M
CCAUL and the folks who have been working on this particular bill. CBP currently has a staffing deficit of 3,000 individuals for the uniform components, that is the U.S. Border Patrol, Office of Field Operations, Air and Marine Operations, which jeopard-izes our national and our economic se-curity. This legislation does not cover ICE. CBP, Border Patrol, and Air and Ma-rine. Nobody else. This has nothing to do with deportation. Long before President Trump became a candidate for the office, Congress au-thorized CBP to hire an additional 2,000 officers. That was about 4 years ago. Chairman C
ARTER , M ICHAEL MCCAUL, we authorized 2,000 officers. Up to now, Mr. Speaker, we have not been able to hire those 2,000 officers because of the polygraph exam. In fact, 65 percent of those individ-uals who applied for CBP are rejected, which is twice the amount that you have for other Federal officers, FBI, DEA, when they take their polygraph. I am talking about polygraph exams. Again, this does not cover ICE. What this bill actually does, it will strength-en CBP’s efforts to secure our border by filling those positions. I represent Laredo, the largest inland port, 14,000 traders a day. They have been delayed because we don’t have enough CBP offi-cers, and we need to get them. What this bill does, it does not lower the standards. I emphasize, it does not lower the standards. It streamlines the background investigation for a limited number of veterans, military officers, law enforcement. If you are a local law enforcement and you take a polygraph exam, then you can ask for this waiver. Or if you are a servicemember or a vet-eran with the highest background in-vestigation, you can get a waiver. Or if you are current Federal law enforce-ment with the highest background exam, you can get a waiver. But, again, if somebody finds out those vetted indi-viduals still need to take a polygraph, then you would take it. Finally, the last thing to conclude is, Members, this is not the first time we have gotten a waiver. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. VELA. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. CUELLAR. If you look at the Na-tional Defense Authorization poly-graph waiver language, CBP has al-ready gotten requests for waivers. In fact, it has already been done. This is not the first time that we are doing this. It is already the law. It doesn’t bring down the standards. It allows us to have more men and women at the border, and this is why I ask you to support this legislation. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2213, the Anti-Bor-der Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017, aims to bring some relief to the tremendous staffing shortages at our ports of entry by providing CBP with limited authority to waive its poly-graph requirement on a case-by-case basis for certain veterans and State and local law enforcement officers in its hiring process. H.R. 2213 is endorsed by the NTEU, the union that represents frontline CBP officers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in concluding this de-bate, it is important to note this bill is a bipartisan effort, passing unani-mously out of my committee. It is sup-ported by Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , Congressman V
ELA, and we thank you for that, and others. Again, it passed out unanimously. I was pleased to see also a Dear Col-league letter sent by my Democratic counterparts on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee urging the passage of this bill. This only further underscores the bipartisan nature of this effort. It is also supported, Mr. Speaker, by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Border Trade Alliance, the CBP offi-cers’ union, and the Fraternal Order of Police, among others. The issue is very clear. Not passing this bill will continue to keep Amer-ican families at risk from dangers of human traffickers, drug smugglers, and international terrorists. Right now, we simply don’t have an adequate number of Border Patrol agents and CBP offi-cers to safeguard our Nation’s border. We need to fix that. That is what this legislation does. It will allow us to bol-ster our forces with talented law en-forcement officials and military per-sonnel who have been previously vetted and have already demonstrated their commitment and patriotism to their fellow Americans. b1545 As I have stated before, while new in-frastructure and technology will be im-portant in protecting this Nation, the brave men and women who confront threats to our homeland are our great-est assets. Once again, I thank Congresswoman M
CSALLY , Ranking Members V ELAand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.057 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4683 June 7, 2017 
THOMPSON , and all those who supported this bill. It will help strengthen our borders. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I will be unable to vote today on H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act. If I would be present, I would vote against the bill. While this bill purports to fast track the hir-ing of Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) agents in order to ensure our national security, it would actually water down hiring practices and allow potential vulnerabilities in the coun-try’s largest law enforcement agency. H.R. 2213 would allow certain CBP applicants to bypass polygraph testing. In 2010 Congress passed the Anti-Border Corruption Act, which mandated CBP appli-cants pass a polygraph test as part of their hiring process. This bill was an essential step after an influx of corruption cases were re-vealed within the agency—ranging from drug trafficking to accepting bribes. Decreasing hir-ing standards as proposed by H.R. 2213 would do exactly what the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 fixed. Instead of finding common-sense ways to expedite the hiring process without compro-mising the integrity of the agency, H.R. 2213 irresponsibly cuts corners in an attempt to keep President Trump’s campaign promises of quickly increasing border patrol agents. I am absolutely committed to regaining con-trol of our country’s borders and have contin-ually fought to restrict individuals who would do our citizens harm—both through terrorist attacks or drug smuggling—from entering the United States. This ill-conceived legislation does nothing to ensure increased border secu-rity. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 9, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the later of the following dates: (1) The date on which all of the following have been completed: (A) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection has conducted an evalua-tion and pilot program of the Test for Espio-nage, Sabotage, and Corruption (TES-C). (B) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has certified such evaluation and pilot program. (C) The Commissioner submits to Congress a report on such evaluation and pilot pro-gram. (2) The date on which the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity completes a risk assessment of the popu-lation of individuals who could receive waiv-ers under section 3(b) of the Anti-Border Cor-ruption Act of 2010, as amended by this Act, and submits to Congress certification that providing waivers to such individuals would not endanger national security, undermine workforce integrity, or increase corruption. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 374, the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this is, in fact, a national security issue. No other Federal law enforcement agency in the country—not the FBI, DEA, ATF, or Secret Service—makes any ex-ceptions to their polygraph exam. I understand that the CBP has a staffing shortage, but watering down vetting standards is dangerous and could lead to more corruption at the largest law enforcement agency in the country. In fact, 2,170 CBP personnel were arrested for sexual assault, exces-sive force, conspiring with inter-national drug trafficking organiza-tions, and other offenses between 2005 and 2012. In response, Congress enacted legisla-tion to require every applicant to un-dergo a polygraph exam—no excep-tions. DHS’ own Integrity Advisory Panel and the GAO have both rec-ommended that the current polygraph testing be expanded, not reduced, given the higher rates of corruption at CBP than any other Federal law enforce-ment agency. This bill takes us backward, and some current and former DHS officials have expressed concerns that the bill could expose the agency to corrupt in-dividuals who could undermine the in-tegrity of the workforce. DHS Inspector General John Roth warned that the proposed legislation ‘‘could put CBP at significant risk and that while it may sound reasonable to say you could waive requirements from former military personnel because they have passed a polygraph, Border Patrol agents work in a different environment that is not as controlled as the mili-tary.’’ Former CBP head of Internal Affairs has stated that ‘‘very few members of the military take polygraphs or have comprehensive background checks, and the quality of State or local law en-forcement polygraphs varies widely.’’ My amendment would delay the im-plementation of the bill until, one, CBP completes its ongoing pilot pro-gram of an alternative polygraph test that may help speed up hiring while maintaining vetting standards; and, two, the DHS inspector general deter-mines that the bill would not endanger our national security, undermine work-force integrity, or, in fact, increase corruption. I recognize that CBP is managing hiring and staffing issues. Passing this bill without knowing its potential risks or consequences is not only short-sighted, but I think it is irresponsible. We shouldn’t blindly experiment with our Nation’s security given that drugs, weapons, and human trafficking, as well as terrorism, are all threats we are facing at the border. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for my amendment to help safeguard national security and protect the integrity of the CBP and its officers. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEI -
DER), my friend and colleague. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Mex-ico for yielding. I appreciate her lead-ership on this issue, and, as a cospon-sor, I rise in strong support of this amendment. Our Customs and Border Patrol offi-cers face a difficult mission in an ex-tremely challenging environment. Polygraph testing is an important tool to ensure those charged with patrolling our border are not corruptible by drug traffickers or other criminal elements. I am sympathetic to the hiring and staffing challenges facing this agency, but we cannot cut corners or jeopardize the security of our border. This amendment delays the imple-mentation of this legislation until CBP can complete its ongoing test of an al-ternative, more efficient polygraph test. This amendment also requires DHS determine these changes in the under-lying bill to our polygraph procedures do not endanger our national security. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment to ensure we do not create unnecessary risks to the security of our border. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ), my colleague. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I think this is a good solution to the dilemma that faces us. We do have a hiring def-icit in the Border Patrol, but we can-not give up on the need to fully vet these people. The independent inspector said that the polygraphs had stopped dozens of applicants who have admitted to par-ticipation in human trafficking, de-frauding the government, and have links with cartels intent to infiltrate CBP. There has been, actually, a release from the Freedom of Information Act of people who would be eligible for the exemption who admitted, under the polygraph, to sexual assault, to child pornography, to taking classified infor-mation from Afghanistan, to taking classified information from Iraq, a sheriff’s employee who engaged in theft, and a police officer who was a smuggler. The Border Patrol cannot af-ford this. I think the gentlewoman’s amend-ment actually preserves what we want, and I would highly recommend that we approve it. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.060 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4684 June 7, 2017 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Lujan Grisham amendment. Let me say, first, that the Secretary of Homeland Security testified before my committee this morning, a deco-rated four-star general serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. He is the head of SOUTHCOM. This man knows the bor-der. Secretary Kelly supports this leg-islation. I find it a bit offensive that decorated veterans who have already received clearances somehow would present a threat to the security of the United States, so I reject that argument. This amendment strikes me as an un-necessary and harmful delay tactic that would prevent CBP from imple-menting the much-needed flexibility provided for in the underlying bill. If the delays called for in this amend-ment were put in place, CBP would have to sit and wait until certain un-necessary obstacles were overcome, some of which are completely out of their control. All the while, they would continue to hemorrhage officers and agents, threatening the Nation’s border security and the flow of commerce in and out of the country. This could put our national security at risk and would be, further, detrimental to the flow of legitimate trade and travel. CBP has missed hiring targets for Border Patrol agents for 4 years and CBP officers for almost 18 months. We need additional officers and agents now, simply to meet the congression-ally mandated CBP staffing levels that have been put in place for a year. We cannot wait for more reports and eval-uations. Sadly, this amendment looks to me like an attempt by opponents of the bill to prevent the important provi-sions of this bill from going into effect in a timely manner, thus preventing the hiring of already trusted and vet-ted individuals who have served their Nation and the military with honor and distinction. It is also important to underscore two points here: one, that all appli-cants will continue to be fully vetted, including a rigorous tier 5 background investigation, which is equivalent to the investigation performed for all servicemembers who hold a top secret clearance; and second, the authority granted under this bill is discretionary. If the CBP Commissioner wishes to re-quire a polygraph examination for any applicant for any reason, he can and should still do so. Mr. Speaker, we cannot afford to wait any longer. As the Speaker knows, who is briefed on the threats, as do I, in a classified setting, the threats are real. This Nation is at risk, and we cannot afford to wait. So, for these reasons, I oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to reject it. Let me just close, again, by saying I oppose the amendment. The men and women wearing the uniform on the front lines of our ports and borders need relief now, and any delay tactics should be rejected. Therefore, I urge opposition, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of the House that was previously noticed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
Expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that the President shall imme-diately release his tax return information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ system of checks and balances, Congress has a respon-sibility to hold the Executive Branch of gov-ernment to a fair and equal standard of transparency ensuring the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline of reasonable information including whether the President paid taxes, ownership interests, charitable donations made, and whether tax deductions have been exploited; Whereas, disclosure of the President’s tax returns could help those investigating Rus-sian influence in the 2016 election understand the President’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any part-nership interests, equity interests, joint ven-tures or licensing agreements with Russia or Russians; Whereas, the President recently fired Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, under whose leadership the FBI was investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election; Whereas, President Trump reportedly stat-ed to Russian officials during a White House meeting that he fired Director Comey to ease pressure on the ongoing investigation of Russia’s influence in the 2016 election; Whereas, Senate Russia investigators have requested information from the Treasury De-partment’s criminal investigation division, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, which handles cases of money laundering, for information related to Presi-dent Trump, his top officials and campaign aides. FinCEN has been investigating allega-tions of foreign money-laundering through purchases of U.S. real estate; Whereas, the President’s tax returns would show us whether he has foreign bank ac-counts and how much profit he receives from his ownership in myriad partnerships; Whereas, Donald Trump Jr. said the Trump Organization saw money ‘‘pouring in from Russia’’ and that ‘‘Russians make up a pret-ty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.’’ Whereas, Congress gave itself the author-ity to review an individual’s tax returns to investigate and reveal possible conflicts of interest of executive branch officials in-volved dating back to the Teapot Dome scan-dal. Whereas, it has been reported that federal prosecutors have issued grand jury sub-poenas to associates of former National Se-curity Advisor Michael Flynn seeking busi-ness records as part of the ongoing probe into Russian involvement in the 2016 elec-tion; Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics at-torneys and the Office of Government Ethics, the President has refused to divest his own-ership stake in his businesses; and can still withdraw funds at any time from the trust of which he is the sole beneficiary; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was in-cluded in the U.S. Constitution for the ex-press purpose of preventing federal officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Tax-ation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under Section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Rich-ard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make pub-lic the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers; Whereas Director Comey has testified that tax returns are a common tool in investiga-tions because they can show income and mo-tives; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest re-lated to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives shall— 1. Immediately request the tax return in-formation of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed execu-tive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives. 2. Support transparency in government and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Does the gentleman from Massachusetts wish to present argu-ment on the parliamentary question whether the resolution presents a ques-tion of the privileges of the House? Mr. CAPUANO. Yes, Mr. Speaker, I would like to do so. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized on the question of order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.062 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4685 June 7, 2017 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, the privileges of the House as defined in rule IX, clause 1 are ‘‘those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.’’ We all know what has been going on for the last couple of months. In light of the testimony that was just released today of former Director Comey and what he is scheduled to say, his written testimony tomorrow, if it is not clear by now that the Congress should con-tinue its investigation—as we speak, we have several committees in this Congress investigating the Russian in-fluence on our election and what its re-lationship is with the Trump adminis-tration. Clearly and unequivocally, one of the questions that must be answered for the integrity of this investigation and, therefore, the integrity of the House, is whether the President himself had any undue influence in his actions. Now, the answer may be ‘‘no,’’ and I personally hope that it is ‘‘no.’’ I have no personal reason to want to have the President do something wrong. But, at the same time, we, the Amer-ican people, have a right to know the answer that our President has not been subject to undue influence. And as a Member of Congress, we have a respon-sibility to our constituents to provide them those answers. The investigations are ongoing. At some point, it is unquestioned that the President’s tax returns will become rel-evant to what the FBI is doing. It is only a matter of time. For the integrity of the House, for the dignity of the House, I believe firm-ly that we should exercise the law that the Congress put in place itself to do our own due diligent investigation and not just simply sit on our hands while others do our work for us. These documents will become public, and when they do, regardless of what they show, I believe firmly it will re-flect negatively on this House for not having done our duty, for having shirked our responsibilities. That is why I believe this is a privilege of the House. That is why I believe this House should take this action. And again, I hope we find nothing. That would be good for America, cer-tainly good for Mr. Trump, good for America. We have plenty of other things to argue about and debate. This shouldn’t be one of them. And if anybody can look me in the face and say that they believe this in-vestigation is just going to go away, if they believe the investigators are not going to look at the President’s finan-cial records, they can’t because any-body who has ever been involved in any type of an investigation knows it is in-evitable. And since it is inevitable, why should we wait? Why should we wait? I ran for office, taking an oath to up-hold the Constitution and giving my constituents my promise of only one thing: I will do my job as best as I see fit. I won’t shirk my responsibilities. We have plenty of votes in this House that many of us, including me, would rather not take because they are un-comfortable, because we have to ex-plain them to our constituents, be-cause sometimes they are difficult and confusing. This is not one of them. There aren’t any Americans that don’t believe they have a right to know that their President has not been sub-ject to undue influence. That is all this does. It draws no conclusion from it, and it allows the majority party to call on it to make the determination; not me, but the majority party; the chair of the Ways and Means Committee. That is why I offered this resolution. That is why I think this resolution is going to continue to be offered, and, at some point, the House is going to do it. I don’t know why Members of the House want to drag this out and pre-tend that somehow you are going to be able to avoid it. You are not. It is going to happen. With that, I would like to invite my friend, Mr. P
ASCRELL , to say a few words. He has been the leader on this particular issue for months now. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will hear each Member individ-ually. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the question of order? The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized on the question of order. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, just when you think you heard it all, you haven’t. And as my friend from Massa-chusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) just pointed out, what we need to do is uphold the integrity of this body, the legislative branch of government. Now, just a brief review, because I have about 2,000 pages of reference. We are not going to go into that all to-night, but if you will allow me, I will go into some of it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does this pertain to the question of order? Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, sir. We started out on February 1. We have had a letter to the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. We have had an amendment in the Ways and Means Committee, which is one of the three committees under 6103, para-graph F, section 1 of the Tax Code, written in 1924, that allows the Ways and Means Committee, along with the Senate Finance Committee, along with the Joint Committee on Taxation, to do its due diligence. We have had one, two, three, four, five, six, seven privileged resolutions. Mr. C
APUANO has offered tonight’s priv-ileged resolution. We have had a resolution, two resolu-tions of inquiry through the Ways and Means Committee—just having a little review here of what we have done. We have debated all of these. They must have all been in order. And we have a discharge petition right now before the Congress of the United States, and if we get to 218 in that discharge petition, we will have to take another vote. As Mr. C
APUANO  pointed out, there are a lot of votes that we don’t like to take, but these are votes that are necessary, Mr. Speaker. Already, two dozen Members of the majority party at town meetings have said, yes, the President should give the public, or at least the committees, first of all, his tax returns. We are not talking about a 1040. We are talking about thousands of pages that go into a businessperson’s, who is a billion-, zillionaire, whatever the heck he is, that is what it takes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman must confine his remarks to the question of order; whether the pro-posed resolution constitutes a question of the privileges of the House. Mr. PASCRELL. Oh, I think this is a privilege of the House, sir. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not to the merits of the resolution. Mr. PASCRELL. Right. I understand that. I understand that. Thank you for pointing that out. Mr. Speaker, I am sure you know who Walter Shaub is. S-H-A-U-B. Wal-ter Shaub is the Director of the United States Office of Government Ethics. That is pretty important. In fact, in the last administration—talk about the privilege of the House—this is the document that was presented on June 21, the day after inauguration, 2009, the Ethics Commitments by the Executive Branch of Personnel. This document goes into such things as the revolving door ban on lobbyists or pertaining to the executive branch of government because that is what we are talking about. Just when you think you have heard it all, you haven’t. Two weeks ago, Mr. Speaker, this ad-ministration threw out there in a trial balloon that we are going to start to sell off—— Is there a problem? Is there a prob-lem? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman must confine his remarks to the question of order. Mr. PASCRELL. That is correct. That is exactly what I am doing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is wandering far from the ques-tion of order. Mr. PASCRELL. I never wander, Mr. Speaker. I may not stick to the sub-ject, but I don’t wander. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is in the wilderness. Mr. PASCRELL. No, I am not. I am not in Idaho. The fact of the matter is, this is a very specific document that each ad-ministration presents when it is sworn. This is the set of rules which govern the executive branch of government. When I read in documentation that we are getting set to sell off public lands, what am I reminded of? Talk about the integrity of the House of Representatives. What am I re-minded of? I am reminded of what happened in 1922, 1923, 1924, when they tried to sell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.065 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4686 June 7, 2017 
off oil reserves, and it got them into trouble. Republicans had their hands out. Democrats had their hands out, which led, Mr. Speaker—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from Massachusetts seeks to offer a resolution as a ques-tion of the privileges of the House under rule IX. As the Chair most recently ruled on May 24, 2017, the resolution directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and consider an item of business under the procedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103 and, therefore, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCaul moves that the appeal be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, this 15- minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by 5-minute votes on adoption of amendment No. 1 to H.R. 2213 and passage of H.R. 2213, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 186, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 292] YEAS—228 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Sanford 
NOT VOTING—15 
Aderholt Babin Brady (TX) Clyburn Cummings DeFazio Engel Grothman Jackson Lee Johnson, Sam Marino Napolitano Reichert Richmond Smith (TX) 
b1639 Messrs. YARMUTH, CONYERS, and GENE GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 292, I was unavoidably detained to cast my vote in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL SHOOT-OUT AND INDUSTRY CHALLENGE (Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as chairman of the Congressional Sportsmen’s Cau-cus—the largest bipartisan caucus within the Halls of Congress—to talk about the recent May 16 congressional shoot-out, a competition of sporting clays, skeet, and trap that pit Repub-lican and Democrat Members of Con-gress against each other in a great afternoon of enjoying outdoor shooting sports. We had a bipartisan shoot. The Re-publican team won this year. I am just the chairman and team captain. I would like to say that I won one of the individual awards this year—I have in the past—but this year we had Mem-bers on our side that won. The top gun Member of Congress was R
ICHARD HUD-
SONfrom North Carolina. The top shot Democrat was T
IMWALZ. The best shooter for skeet was C
OLLIN PETER -
SON. The top sporting clays was a fresh-man Member from North Carolina, T
ED B
UDD. I am saving the best for last: the top trap was none other than D
ON Y
OUNG from Alaska. It is a great afternoon where we can honor the outdoor economy, the larg-est industry of the United States, serve the outdoors in a lot of ways, and the heritage of sportsmen outdoor commu-nity activity is critical to the Amer-ican story. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), who is the Democrat co-chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.066 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4687 June 7, 2017 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have had this competitive shoot for a number of years, and I have to admit, this year I had a job fair at home, so I am going to turn it over to my vice chair, M
ARCVEASEY , who was actually out there. It is a great com-petition between the Republicans and the Democrats, but we work together on a lot of other issues. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Houston, Represent-ative G
REEN , and I also thank the Re-publicans that participate in the shoot every year. Obviously, we all play to win every time and we take the com-petition very seriously. Democrats only lost by about 13 shots this year. We actually did pretty good. So we are improving. I want to remind everybody that we work on issues like conservation, envi-ronmental issues, and other things where Democrats and Republicans can come together for the greater cause of the country. I want to remind the gen-tleman that next year we are going to find those 13 shots. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), who is M
ARCVEASEY ’s co-chair on the caucus. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind my colleague that those shots were in my bag and on our side. We are going to win again next year. We always enjoy the friendship, and I look forward to seeing the gentleman again out there and standing up for the rights of sportsmen. I certainly appre-ciate his friendship and look forward to traveling again with him. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. What a great event. It was a great op-portunity for us to get together, get to know each other better, and spend some time in the outdoors. I invite all Members to join the cau-cus. Come and be a part of this next year. Republicans retain the trophy this year, and I hope we will next year. 
f 
ANTI-BORDER CORRUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on adopting amendment No. 1 to the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize cer-tain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes, offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 179, nays 238, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 293] YEAS—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—238 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Aderholt Babin Brady (TX) Clyburn Cummings DeFazio Engel Jackson Lee Johnson, Sam Marino Napolitano Reichert Smith (TX) 
b1652 Ms. SINEMA changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. PETERS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 293, I was unavoidably detained to cast my vote in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ (By unanimous consent, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER was allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR PORTLAND VICTIMS  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, May 26 was a dark moment in my com-munity, as a hateful tirade toward two young women, evidently based on their race and faith, led to tragedy. In the face of this menacing behav-ior, three brave Portlanders intervened to protect these young women. Two lost their lives, another had his throat slashed. They were Ricky Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, and Micah David-Cole Fletcher. Micah 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.069 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4688 June 7, 2017 
David-Cole Fletcher survived the or-deal, still expressing hope and compas-sion. That dark moment and bright exam-ple of courage and compassion has prompted soul-searching in my com-munity. There has been a tremendous outpouring of support and a commit-ment to help the vulnerable. We all think about whether we would have had that courage. Who knows what might have hap-pened to those two young women if those courageous people had not inter-vened. Based on what happened, it is highly likely that they would have been physically assaulted, injured, or worse. We think this is a wake-up call for all of us to protect the vulnerable, to resist intolerance, and to condemn be-haviors and language that would incite violent behavior. We all have a stake in this so that we don’t have more vic-tims and that these three brave peo-ple’s sacrifice was not in vain. I respectfully request the Chamber observe a moment of silence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 282, noes 137, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 294] AYES—282 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—137 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Aderholt Babin Clyburn Cummings DeFazio Engel Johnson, Sam Marino Napolitano Reichert Smith (TX) 
b1706 Mr. SCHNEIDER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on June 7, 2017 on account of attending my son’s graduation. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 288, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 289, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 290, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 291, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 292, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 293, and ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 294. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 292, No. 293, and No. 294 due to my spouse’s health situa-tion in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Motion to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair. I also would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Lujan Grisham Amendment. I also would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Final Passage of H.R. 2213—Anti-Border Cor-ruption Reauthorization Act of 2017. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was delayed with constituency matters in a hearing and was not able to be present on the floor on the vote on the motion to table the appeal of the rul-ing of the Chair. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ I was also detained on congressional business in a hearing on the Lujan Grisham amendment to H.R. 2213. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2560 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to be removed as a cosponsor from H.R. 2560. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.072 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4689 June 7, 2017 
CONGRATULATING LOCAL HERO THALIA RODRIGUEZ (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a young and valiant member of our south Florida community, Thalia Rodriguez. Just 17 years old, Thalia used her skills that she learned from her high school’s emergency medical responder class to save the life of one of our Miami-Dade police officers. Major Ricky Carter was off duty, traveling on his motorcycle, when an unexpected crash left him critically in-jured at the side of the road. Thalia came upon the scene, immediately began to apply first aid to the injured police major. Realizing that his inju-ries were too severe to wait for the first responders to arrive, Thalia made the split-second decision to fashion a tourniquet out of a belt, thereby buy-ing Major Carter precious time. Thalia’s brave act that Sunday morn-ing saved Major Ricky Carter’s life. Thank you to Thalia Rodriguez, a graduating senior at Westland Hialeah Senior High School, for her out-standing heroism. 
f 
CELEBRATING LADY BETTY COLES (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and celebrate the 90th birthday of Lady Betty Coles of Trenton, New Jersey. She was wonderfully celebrated this weekend at a party attended by over 100 family members and friends, thanks to her daughter and son-in-law, Tracy and Robert Ross. Lady Coles has distinguished her family, church, and community with countless years of dedicated service, love, and leadership by example. She has enriched our community as charter member of the Epsilon Upsilon Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha since 1952, and continues her years of service as a member of Shiloh Baptist Church. Personally, I am grateful for her friendship, her stewardship, her mentorship, her leadership, and her dedication to not only New Jersey, but our global community. May God continue to bless Lady Coles on this milestone year, and we are forever grateful to Him, having sent her our way. 
f 
BRINGING ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY TO ALL AMERICANS (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in support of the Financial CHOICE Act. Financial Services Committee Chairman JEBHENSARLING ’s bill aims to bring economic opportunity to all Americans. After Speaker P
ELOSI and House Democrats passed the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, dozens of small community fi-nancial institutions in my district were forced to close or merge with big banks. In fact, my State of Georgia has lost more than 40 of these institutions over this period of time. This was due to the unbelievable complexity and compliance costs of the regulations im-posed on them. With the Financial CHOICE Act, community banks will finally be able to get some relief from these regula-tions. As a businessowner myself, I know how important access to capital can be for a new business. We know that 70 percent of all new job creation is created by the growth of small busi-ness. Once these banks are able to get back to the business of lending, my hope is that it will spur small-business growth and entrepreneurship in my district and across this great Nation. This legislation also ends taxpayer- funded bailouts once and for all, finally fulfilling the promises that Democrats failed to keep. And did I mention it reduces the def-icit by $33.6 billion over 10 years? President Trump has asked us to do a number on Dodd-Frank, and I support him in this endeavor, and believe the Financial CHOICE Act does just that. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today, President Trump visited Ohio to tout his infrastructure plan. Well, Ohio needs the good jobs that direct na-tional investment in infrastructure could provide, so my Democratic Ohio colleagues, Mr. R
YAN, Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. B
EATTY , and I sent President Trump a letter encouraging him to take a wide view of what infrastructure should en-compass in States like Ohio. We urged the President to consider upgrading our foundational assets, such as drinking water systems, our national electric grid, energy effi-ciency, roofing and lead removal in in-dividual homes, plus modernizing roads and bridges, our seaports and water-ways, our airports and rail systems. In-deed, infrastructure investments present the best opportunity to revi-talize our battered domestic steel in-dustry as well. We hope President Trump’s infra-structure plan won’t lead to more bro-ken promises like with his budget, which zeros out assistance for our Great Lakes. The President’s plan lacks quantifiable specifics, but some warning signs are there. Privatization and tax breaks mean bearing down more costs on taxpayers through user fees and tolls. Mr. Speaker, Americans expect more than showmanship. It is time for a real bipartisan jobs and infrastructure plan to help modernize America from stem to stern and keep her great for years to come. f 
CONGRATULATING DEAN WILLIAM EASTERLING (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Penn State’s own Dean William Easterling on his appointment to head the National Science Foundation’s Di-rectorate for Geosciences, or GEO. Dr. Easterling was dean of Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences prior to beginning his 4-year appointment last week. This is an in-credible opportunity for Dean Easterling, and Happy Valley is most proud of his achievement. Science was part of Dean Easterling’s life from a very young age, as his fa-ther was a medical school physician. He told our local newspaper that he was taken at an early age by environ-mental sciences, geology, and weather, and these interests have always stuck with him. Dr. Easterling has been the dean of Earth and Mineral Sciences at Penn State since 2007. He plans to return to the university after his appointment to the National Science Foundation. I wholeheartedly congratulate Dean Easterling on this momentous achieve-ment. I wish him the best over the next 4 years. And I know that his hunger for learning and his advanced research skills will serve this Nation well. Congratulations, Dean Easterling. 
f 
b1715 DISAPPROVING OF WITHDRAWAL FROM THE PARIS CLIMATE AC-CORD (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong disapproval of President Trump’s decision to with-draw the United States from the inter-national Paris Agreement on global climate change. The world is watching us, and history will judge this ill-con-sidered decision harshly. Withdrawing from the accord weak-ens America’s global leadership, will slow our transition to renewable sources of energy, and make it more likely the clean energy jobs of tomor-row will be created overseas rather than here at home. Let me be clear: Climate change is real and a present threat. America can and should be the global leader in de-veloping innovative solutions, but this decision leaves us as an international outlier. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.074 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4690 June 7, 2017 
I am proud my hometown, Chicago, joins cities and States across the coun-try that have pledged to continue hon-oring the emission reductions that are part of the Paris Agreement. That is why I am introducing a resolution to commend these States and localities and to urge the administration to re-verse its position. I invite my colleagues to join me. Ir-respective of President Trump’s short-sighted policies, we must continue to seek solutions to protect our planet for future generations. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM OF SPECIALIST ETIENNE J. MURPHY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Army Specialist Etienne J. Murphy, who died on May 26 when his vehicle overturned in Syria as part of Oper-ation Inherent Resolve. Specialist Murphy was raised in Loganville, Georgia, where, from an early age, he showed a keen interest in the American Armed Forces and for serving his country. He enlisted in the Army at 18 years old, and 2 years later he joined the 1st Battalion of the 75th Ranger Regiment, stationed at Hunter Army Airfield. Murphy was just 5 days into his first deployment in Syria when his vehicle was involved in a nontactical rollover- related accident which is still under in-vestigation. Murphy’s wife and two young sons continue to reside in Savannah, Geor-gia, where he was stationed. Only a short time after Memorial Day, Specialist Murphy’s passing re-minds us all that freedom comes at a high price, and servicemen and -women face danger daily when fighting to pre-serve American values against ter-rorism. I want to share my deepest condo-lences to his family and thank Spe-cialist Murphy for his service, bravery, and sacrifice. 
f 
JAMES COMEY WILL TESTIFY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow morning James Comey will address the Senate Intelligence Committee. I read his testimony today. It is obvious to me that the President leaned on James Comey to try to get him to take actions in the Michael Flynn situation that were contrary to what Mr. Comey and I think justice would require, and that is an open in-vestigation for the benefit of the Amer-ican people and for the independence of the American Government in dealing with its relations with Russia. I commend James Comey for being strong after being looked down on and at by the President, trying to get him to ask for his job or pledge loyalty or commit to derail that investigation. I thank him for his integrity. I thank him for his service to the FBI. And I certainly hope that no one will try to disparage his integrity or his honesty tomorrow. f 
LORAL O’HARA IS A MEMBER OF 2017 NASA ASTRONAUT CAN-DIDATE CLASS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, my home-town of Sugar Land, Texas, is bursting with pride. A few hours ago, at the Johnson Space Center, Vice President P
ENCE announced that Loral O’Hara is a member of the 2017 NASA astronaut candidate class. She is a native Texan. Her high school is in my neighborhood. She is a proud Clements High School Ranger, class of 2001. She has a bachelor’s from a school in the former Republic of Texas, the University of Kansas, and a master’s from Purdue University. Growing up with astronauts, I know they like to take lots of huge risks, and by that standard, Loral is the most qualified candidate ever. She is a pri-vate pilot, an EMT, a wilderness first responder, a surfer, a sailor, a skier. Currently, she works at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Center. That is perfect training for her because she will spend hours in the water at the Sonny Carter Neutral Buoyancy Lab outside the Johnson Space Center. Loral, you know how to come home in style like only a Texas woman can do. You are an astronaut. Welcome home. 
f 
NATIONAL CANCER SURVIVORS DAY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, a few days ago on June 4, we recognized Na-tional Cancer Survivors Day to honor all of the incredible men and women who have battled cancer and have emerged triumphant. This year, an estimated 1.6 million new cases of cancer will be diagnosed, and nearly 700,000 people will die of cancer in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention lists cancer now as the sec-ond leading cause of death. Fortu-nately, we are taking steps to lower those numbers. Last year’s 21st Cen-tury Cures Act, a bipartisan initiative, authorized $1.8 billion in funding for the Cancer Moonshot Foundation, aids in cancer research, and strives to in-crease the availability of a wide vari-ety of treatment options while also helping to help prevent cancer and de-tect it at early stages. Mr. Speaker, on National Cancer Sur-vivors Day, we are grateful for those who have won their fight against can-cer, and now we commit to honoring more survivors through research for new and improved cures. f 
IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Hawaii? There was no objection. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, our cur-rent immigration policies are hurting families, tearing them apart, and de-porting people who are part of the very fabric of our communities. I have a few people in particular I plan to talk about and whose stories I will be sharing, but first I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ), my colleague and friend. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii for yielding to me and for her leadership on this issue. I served with her for 2 years on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee of the House of Rep-resentatives and saw her ability to bal-ance the national interests and capital-izing and maximizing the opportunity that immigrants provide and have al-ways provided to the United States while ensuring that we protect the homeland and our sacred commitment to every person and family that we rep-resent to make sure that they are safe. I think that the community that I have the honor of representing in Con-gress, El Paso, Texas, is a case in point. We are one of the safest cities in the United States today. If you use the FBI’s crime statistics as crunched by CQ Press, they rou-tinely rank El Paso, Texas, the safest city in not just the State of Texas, but in the United States. For the last 20 years, we have been the safest, second safest, or third safest in the country. That is not in spite of the fact that we are connected with Mexico—our sister city is Ciudad Juarez—and it is not in spite of the fact that 24 percent of the people that I represent were born in an-other country, most of them in Mexico. In fact, our security, our success, our strength is connected to the fact that we are a city of immigrants, that we are connected to the rest of the world through our shared border with Mex-ico, and that understanding that is critical to preserving the security and public safety which is such a critical part of our job. I will give you an ex-ample. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.076 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4691 June 7, 2017 
Not too long ago, under this adminis-tration, a woman who was an undocu-mented immigrant from Mexico was in an El Paso County courtroom seeking a protective order because her boy-friend threatened her life. The judge in that courtroom granted that protective order, and as that woman was leaving the courtroom, she was apprehended by a plainclothes Border Patrol agent. That has never, to my knowledge, hap-pened in our community in the El Paso County Courthouse. The consequences of that are not just that this one person was taken off the streets and placed into detention and custody. The consequence is that we have fewer people from the immigrant community in El Paso coming forward to serve as witnesses to crimes, to re-port crimes in the first place, to tes-tify, to take part in the criminal jus-tice system in a way that has kept our community safe. By definition, today, because of that one act, because of the climate of fear and intimidation and anxiety produced by this administration, El Paso, Texas, the State of Texas, this country is less safe. If we want to respond to the most ur-gent issue that each constituent of ours depends on us for, that is their safety, their security, that of the com-munity and the country that we serve, then we need to make sure that we treat everyone within our communities that we represent with dignity and re-spect. We need to make sure that local law enforcement is not seen as a tool of Federal immigration law, but that they are there to preserve and to pro-tect the peace and to serve the con-stituents and the people who live in those communities. I would also add that next week marks the fifth anniversary of the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program implemented under President Obama. It was an important step that this country took to realize the gains that we and future genera-tions will receive by ensuring that those young people who arrived on our shores and through our land ports of entry like El Paso, through no fault of their own, at the tender age of 5 or 6 years old and who are now in school or want to serve in our military or want to create jobs themselves are able to stay here and flourish so that we re-ceive the benefit of their potential. I hope this Congress, every colleague from both sides of the aisle, will work with me and others to ensure that we have, if not comprehensive immigra-tion reform, which I think should re-main the goal, reform in those areas like for the DREAMers and the DACA beneficiaries that is most urgent and to the States that we represent and serve, like Texas, with 200,000 DACA beneficiaries out of 700,000 nationwide. It is the right thing to do for our secu-rity. It is the right thing to do for eco-nomic growth and job creation. It is the right thing to do in the best inter-ests and traditions of this country. So I conclude by again thanking the gentlewoman from Hawaii for leading this discussion on this critically impor-tant issue, and I thank her for the privilege of being able to speak to-night. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for his leadership and his commitment to not only the families and the people in his district, but to the challenges that many families are facing all across the country, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on these issues. Some of these challenges that face families across the country touch my constituents in Hawaii as well. I would like to share a few of their stories and their challenges here today in the hopes that Congress and this adminis-tration take action and do the right thing for them and for our country. We are a nation of immigrants. An-dres Magana Ortiz’s story is not a new one. It is not one that will surprise anyone. b1730 In fact, it will be quite recognizable to most of us. No tradition is as Amer-ican as telling the stories of our rel-atives and ancestors who, against all odds and great difficulties, found and made a home here on our shores. But while our family histories re-mind us of how far we have come, An-dres’ story demonstrates the progress that we have yet to make and who is hurt and affected by the lack of that progress today. Andres Ortiz came to Hawaii seeking the American Dream. With hard work, perseverance, and a little luck, Andres demonstrated what we, as Americans, know to be true and that we strive for: if you work hard, you can succeed and get ahead. Andres started a new life in 1996 pick-ing coffee—backbreaking, tough work, for anyone who has done it before—in the Kona region on the island of Ha-waii. He proved himself smart and ca-pable, and he was soon promoted to su-pervisor. By 2010, he saved enough to buy his own coffee farm. Today, he owns 20 acres of coffee trees, and man-ages another 150 acres for his neigh-bors. Andres quickly earned a reputation as a knowledgeable and skillful farmer. When an invasive beetle, called the cof-fee berry borer, began to ravish our Kona coffee farms and trees, Andres began a pioneering system to help his community track and eradicate this in-festation, even before our U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture took action. Now, this infestation was not just a small matter. It was something that cost our farmers millions of dollars. Our country offered Andres the means to become an entrepreneur, and he paid us back in full: he started a business, he creates jobs, he takes care of his workers, and he is a leader in our community. Andres is not a legal resi-dent of Hawaii, but Hawaii owes him a debt for his contributions. Managing the coffee farm is a family affair for Andres. He is a proud hus-band and father of three children. His wife and kids are all American citizens, and his kids only know Hawaii as home. Andres embodies the spirit of the American Dream, and serves as an ex-ample of why we should welcome cou-rageous, hardworking immigrants into our community. The reality that An-dres faces now, sadly, is far different. If Andres is deported to Mexico, as is supposed to happen in just a few days, his family, their farm, and Kona coffee growers are going to face an uncertain future. Without Andres to run the busi-ness, his family could lose their farm and lose their home. Their neighbors will lose a friend and a business part-ner. Brenda, his wife, will be without her husband, and their three children will be without their father. If Andres is forced to leave, the law will keep him from his family for 10 years. Should the family move to Mex-ico with Andres, they will have to learn a new language and a new cul-ture. His daughter will have to drop out of college at the University of Ha-waii and begin a new life in another country. Relocating to Mexico would deprive them of the benefits afforded to the citizens of this country. Now, unfortunately, Andres’s story is not a singular one. Unfortunately, there are more. Just last week, Graham Ellis of Waimea, a 67-year-old British national and leukemia patient, heard a knock on his door. It was two Department of Homeland Security agents who have come to begin the deportation process back to the U.K. after Graham had made Hawaii his home for over 36 years. After a few short minutes of conversation in front of his wife, Dena, who is an American citizen, Graham agreed to turn himself in at a field of-fice in Honolulu the following day. Now, like Mr. Ortiz, Graham is a pil-lar within our community in Hawaii. But unlike Mr. Ortiz, Graham had al-ready made the decision to return to the U.K. because he feared that depor-tation was inevitable under the height-ened threats faced under our current immigration policies. Graham had made the decision to leave by the end of summer, thinking that these re-maining months would give him time to get his affairs in order, and say good-bye to the community and the home that he grew to love for so long. A circus performer by training, Gra-ham spent much of his life in Hawaii teaching children from low-income and at-risk communities circus arts, bring-ing smiles and laughter to their faces and their lives. He served on the Puna Community Council, and was the founding presi-dent of the Kalapana Seaview Estates Community Association. In his remaining final months, he had planned to make a trip to Kauai, where he would instruct his last group of young, passionate students at a 2-week 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.078 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4692 June 7, 2017 
superhero-themed circus camp before shutting it down for good. Our immigration system is broken. We need a pathway to citizenship for immigrants to ensure people who de-serve to be here can find a way to be a part of our great country. We need real immigration reform that keeps fami-lies together and integrates hard-working, tax-paying immigrants into our community. We need to preserve, protect, and restore the values that un-derlie the greatness of our country. I stand with Andres and Graham and the millions of hardworking immi-grants who built our great Nation; and I stand with these immigrants who live in my community, who live in my dis-trict, and who have a proven record of upstanding contributions to our com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO), my colleague. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the beautiful State of Hawaii for yielding to me, and I thank her also for being a champion of immigrants, both in her State and across the Nation. It is Immigrant Heritage Month this month, and I think it is critical that we take a few moments to talk about the state of immigration here in the United States. I can’t do that any bet-ter than by talking about a few stories of what I have experienced over the past few months. On January 27 of this year, we saw President Trump sign his executive order, quite expeditiously, on a travel ban that specifically targeted the Mus-lim community, with seven countries, where 90-plus percent of the population practice Islam. It was an interesting moment for me. My wife and I were having dinner with a few friends of ours in the district, and one of them had asked me: Well, how is this ban going to affect you? How is it going to affect your district? At the moment, I wasn’t really sure, but then I got a call only a few minutes later by my district director. Our first constituent was identified as coming back on a United Arab Emirates flight back from Iraq and was scheduled to land the next morning: a girl who had graduated from the University of Cen-tral Florida and lived a very productive life as a legal resident in central Flor-ida for the last 6 years after her grad-uation. So we went the next day—early the next morning because, if anything, my legislative experience in the State leg-islature has told me: go to where the action is, go to where the controversy is, and do what you can to help. First, we went to Customs and Bor-der Protection, and we got no response. We actually got surprise responses of what were we even doing there, because this was not a matter they were pre-pared to handle. So we went to the airport and were greeted by Greater Orlando Aviation Authority officials who were very help-ful and understood that these were cen-tral Floridians who had been flying for 20 hours and were just about to arrive back into Florida, where they lived. That morning, I also met a young man who was a citizen from an area just north of the district, who was waiting for his two parents to come in on the same Emirates flight. We found out that the constituent and the two parents were three people who were held back and questioned. Throughout the day, we would get updates, but what we found out is there was very little information because there was very little understanding by Customs and Border Protection about how to implement this very vague order. The court had just ruled that it was potentially unconstitutional. So working with our local officials after hours of building up, hours of waiting with the families, hours of press starting to arrive, hours of TV coverage, and hours of protest, right when we were in the middle of doing interviews, that is when the families were finally released, after 7 hours of being questioned without water, with-out food, after a 20-hour flight. You could not have scripted this to make the point of how misguided this ban was than what happened. Right in front of TV cameras from across cen-tral Florida, first, the two parents came down—parents of a citizen who hadn’t seen his parents in over 5 years. The scene was traumatic: crying, hugs, and welcomed by cameras won-dering what had happened to these two individuals. These were simply two citizens of Iraq trying to come over to visit their son, who had already been given visas to come on over. A few minutes later, our constituent finally arrived as well. She also had been held for 8 hours without water, without food, after a 20-hour flight, and a barrage of questions. After that, we saw public opinion change sharply in central Florida as people saw these were the alleged peo-ple that were getting extreme vetting: people who were visiting their son in central Florida, longtime residents, who only had productive lives in cen-tral Florida. A few weeks later, we had the depor-tation force memo come down. I was shocked. We sent out letters to our sheriffs, we sent out letters to our schools, asking if they were planning on participating in this deportation force that President Trump had called upon to help implement and enforce our immigration laws. We called immediately a round table, where we invited immigrant groups, we invited law enforcement groups, and so many others to talk about the issues that were happening. Two of my three sheriffs imme-diately said they weren’t planning on participating, that this was a Federal issue. A third ended up going from fully participating to, a day later, walking back that position, to just picking up folks who had been accused of violent felonies. Then our schools responded very quickly after they were posed with a scenario—a situation that was going down the very same day: a citizen, a young woman of Mexican descent, whose parents were also legal immi-grants, was asked in front of their classmates about her status. Afterwards, there were a lot of fin-ger-pointing and excuses that these were questions that were being levied to determine whether she needed to participate in the ESEA program. But at that moment, it was just more of this anti-immigrant rhetoric that was coming out of so many areas in central Florida. But like that incident, which was covered at length, minds and hearts changed in central Florida. There was an apology given to this young woman who was a citizen, and they changed the policy so that no one would be asked about immigration status in front of their peers, even if it was for something as harmless as the ESEA program. With our sheriffs clarifying their policies to not join this DHS call for deportation force, we were proud once again to have an inclusive society in central Florida where we welcome ev-erybody. We are such an international community, home to the best theme parks in the world, a world-class con-vention center and hotels, and we wel-come everybody from across the globe. Then, in addition, I just received a letter from a constituent. Her daughter had grown up, gotten a job, fallen in love, and had a bright future ahead of her. But she worried because her daughter’s boyfriend potentially could be deported because he is on an H–1 visa. These types of policies breaking up families don’t serve any interest in helping people pursue the American Dream and don’t serve any interest in protecting our economy and protecting growth in central Florida, where we have such a large cattle industry and where we have such a large citrus in-dustry. Finally, we have so many DREAM-ers, young students, who live in central Florida, who are working and striving, rising up in our society, and helping people along the way, immigrants who potentially could be one of 40 percent of creators of Fortune 500 companies that have been created here in Amer-ica, one of the 65,000 servicemen and -women who are immigrants, who serve in our United States military. And we find that, with every 100 immigrants, we are creating 120 new jobs because our country has been founded and cre-ated on growth and equality. b1745 So I would like to see a few things happen, things that I believe Demo-crats and Republicans can agree on. First, let’s make sure to ratify the DREAMer program, the Deferred Ac-tion program. You have bipartisan co-sponsorship for this bill. This is some-thing we could get done, especially for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.079 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4693 June 7, 2017 
our veterans and those serving in our U.S. military. In addition, I believe that we need to relook at the H–1 visa program, the farmworker program. We need to ac-knowledge the reality that we have had for the last 150 years of agriculture here in the United States, which is that we rely on many of our immi-grants coming from Mexico and Cen-tral and South America to help with our agriculture. This has been going on for over a century. What we can do is simply go from a 1-year to maybe a 3-year or 5-year pro-gram. I know our immigrants’ rights community would support it. I know our agriculture communities would support it; and we wouldn’t have people unwittingly not getting back to their country of origin after the 1-year visa expires, when they just want to go back and come back again to help out as seasonal labor. Then thirdly, there is an arbitrary cap on highly skilled workers here in this country. We train them in Ivy League schools, in brilliant schools in Texas, California, Florida, and across this Nation. And then, because of an arbitrary cap that no one wants to change because of the hot-button issue of immigration, then we send them on their way, back to their countries of origin, rather than keep them here and harness their talent for the future of our economy. Canada has even got word of this and welcomes these folks. When they real-ize their visas are up, they beg them to come to Canada to help start new busi-nesses. So these are some of the ideas that we can fix, that we could all agree on, that both parties can agree on. And of course, in the end, we need a com-prehensive immigration reform. But, in the meantime, let’s get some things done that we all agree on and move our country forward. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Hawaii, one of the most beautiful States of the Union, for her leadership. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from Florida for complimenting my State, but for, most importantly, again, putting a face and names to those who are suf-fering as a result of our broken immi-gration policy. You know, for us here, we can stand here and talk about policies and debate them and talk about legislation that needs to be passed. But it is really those folks at home who make it all very real. It is not just a bill number, it is their own family that is being torn apart, it is their own children who are being affected. Now, you know, I talked about Mr. Ortiz in Hawaii. He and his family are going through this, as we speak, where, in just a few days, he faces being de-ported. He and his family have ex-hausted all the options available to them, given the time that they have. Our delegation from Hawaii, both my colleague, Congresswoman H
ANABUSA , as well as our Senators, Senator HIRONO and Senator S CHATZ , we have all sent a letter to Secretary Kelly, De-partment of Homeland Security, urging him to reconsider this order and to halt Mr. Ortiz’s deportation, taking a consideration to him and his cir-cumstance and his longstanding com-mitment and leadership in our commu-nity. I have introduced legislation, H.R. 2794, which is what is called a private bill, specifically for the relief of Andres Magana Ortiz. And the purpose of this bill is to help Mr. Ortiz with his ex-tremely challenging situation and to help him on his own path to citizen-ship. I urge Chairman G
OODLATTE to give positive consideration to this bill that has been referred to his committee. I urge Secretary Kelly, the Department of Homeland Security, to revisit their policy and their decision and to put a halt on Mr. Ortiz’s deportation. He is not just a number. He is not just a sta-tistic. He and his family are facing this reality today. It is always the right time to do the right thing, and I urge these leaders to do that right thing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways an honor to be here. I do greatly appreciate my friend from Hawaii, her views. I know she is a person of integ-rity; calls them like she sees them. I appreciate her very much. There are just a number of things that really need to be called out. Here is an article from the Guardian. Julian Borger, June 6, that would be yester-day. The headline is: ‘‘Cancel Donald Trump state visit, says Sadiq Khan, after London attack tweets.’’ It states: ‘‘London mayor says U.S. President is wrong about many things and that state visit to Britain should not go ahead. ‘‘The London mayor, Sadiq Khan, has called on the British Government to cancel a planned state visit by Donald Trump after being criticized in two tweets by the U.S. President.’’ Now, it really is interesting that the London mayor, after he has his citi-zens—his people are viciously muti-lated, killed in the streets of his city, and, instead of being—going through a self-examination, is there something more I could have done as mayor of this town? Is there something more I could have encouraged? Is there some-thing more we could have done here in England, in Great Britain, in the U.K.? Is there something we could have done that I, in a position of authority, could have done to stop this, to help, at least help stop this? But Mr. Sadiq Khan apparently didn’t go through that, as people were grieving, not just in London but all over the world, here in the United States, praying for the families, griev-ing with those who were attacked, so many attacked, dozens attacked, in-stead of perhaps wondering, maybe we don’t have our policies quite right, this is yet another attack, and maybe the Britain leaders should have thought, you know, we have been saying that the real key—it has been said around Europe, maybe the real key to stopping radical Islam and the mutilation of in-nocent people, the slashing of throats, the beheading, the terrible things that have been done by radical Islamists, maybe the way to stop them we were told—not maybe—they said the way to stop them is the Paris climate accord. If we just show them enough love as they are beheading us, or slashing our throats, and we have signed on, and we are fully part embraced in the Paris climate accord, you know, the radical Islamist murders will stop. That is the kind of baloney we have been told. And in England, there are people who have indicated as much, how out-rageous it was that President Trump pulled the United States out of the Paris accord, because he saw the dam-age that was going to be done to the United States economy. He saw the damage that would be done to the United States jobs. I talked to people in east Texas last weekend, different places around east Texas, and they kept coming back: I am so grateful that Donald Trump pulled out of the Paris accord. One of them has a new—some type of concrete business. They have got rights to a spe-cific process that is great for the envi-ronment. It is green. So then we find out our business was going to be devastated if we stayed in the Paris climate accord. It would have gutted our business. We would have been having to file for bankruptcy. Others, you know, the same day, last Saturday, were telling me the same things, different places, same song. We found out how much our business would have been gutted if the Presi-dent had not pulled out of the Paris ac-cord. And, of course, we want to be fair to the 160 countries or so that have con-demned the United States, said that we are the one partner in the Paris cli-mate accord, just like in Kyoto, and Reykjavik, and all these others, the United States is the most important partner in those accords. Well, yeah, I guess so. We were going to be the one country that was going to pay billions of dol-lars to other countries because we have been successful, and we have been inno-vative, and our Constitution, the bril-liance of the Founders to ensure in our Constitution that we were going to re-ward intellectual property, intellectual thought, would stir intellectual cre-ations. And we loved this idea of pri-vate property, you know, before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.081 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4694 June 7, 2017 
last 50 years, we loved this idea of pri-vate property, and the Nation has grown. But as, you know, people have con-tinued to make inroads, taking away private property rights, of course, the economy doesn’t grow at the rates that it has in previous days. But at least by pulling out of Paris, we have got a shot to continue to be the most humani-tarian, the most charitable Nation, I believe, in the history of the world; that even Solomon’s Israel did not have the kind of freedoms and the kind of individual ability to be charitable. Billions of dollars that have been given. I don’t know. Maybe trillions over the years in today’s dollars around the world for so many good pur-poses. And yet if we had stayed in the Paris accord, we would have done so much damage to our own economy. So I have told many people, thank God, and thank Donald Trump that he got us out of that mess, so that we can continue our climb out of the economic malaise of the Obama years; that we can continue to get back a thriving economy that has been so sluggish for so many years now; not the artificial growth bubble that was created late in the Clinton years, that was bound to burst, not that kind but based on real jobs and manufacturing jobs coming back. I know from studying history, I think President Trump knows just from his business acumen, that any nation that is considered an international world power, that cannot produce and manu-facture the things that are needed in a time of war will not remain a world power past the next war. It won’t. So it brings us back to a great thing to get rid of the Paris accord. Now we have got to cut taxes. And I know there is a lot of screaming from the left about how, gee, wanting to cut taxes for the rich. Well, actually, under President Obama, there was so much damage done to the middle classes. The middle class shrunk in numbers of peo-ple, it appears, while the gap between the poor and the rich got even bigger. And as President Obama is on video ad-mitting, it must have been tough, but he admitted, yeah, it is true. It was true. It is true that, under President Obama, for the first time in the history of the United States of America, first time, 95 percent of the Nation’s income went to the top 1 percent. So we have heard all this stuff about Republicans helping the rich and hurting the poor. There is no President’s policy in the history of our Nation that has done more damage to the poor, to the middle class, than the policies of the Obama administration. There is no President’s administration that has done more damage to shrink the middle class and to widen the gap between the poor and the rich. And most of those rich who give money seem to just keep giving to the Democratic Party. b1800 You know, I love, whether it is Re-publicans, Democrats, or Independents coming up with a great idea and mak-ing money on it. It is fantastic. You know, as long as it is legal, but it is fantastic. With all of my faults, jealousy is not one I suffer from. It is great to see any-body work hard or come up with some-thing innovative, and make money. I think it is fantastic. I love the fact that this Nation, for most of our his-tory, has done what we could to incentivize that process. So the mayor of London condemning President Trump. Well, who is this guy? He has got plenty of his own prob-lems. He has got plenty of his own issues. But it wasn’t just the mayor of London, Mr. Sadiq Khan. We also heard from the Acting U.S. Ambassador over in London, Lewis Lukens, and he sent out this message: ‘‘I commend the strong leadership of the mayor of Lon-don as he leads the city forward after this heinous attack.’’ And by virtue of this statement, of course, he is incorporating the deci-sions by the mayor of London, the deci-sions by those with whom the mayor of London is consorting, those decisions that have allowed so many radical Islamists to be creating plots and plans to kill Londoners. That has been going on, we find out after this attack. We should have known from the one be-fore, the one before, the one before, that this has been going on. Lewis Lukens, our highest U.S. rank-ing official in London, basically con-demned President Trump by siding with the mayor of London, who is more concerned about condemning the Presi-dent of the United States than he is about grieving for his own people, or doing everything within the mayor’s conceivable power to stop the next rad-ical attack. Under the thinking of people like the mayor of London, there should not have ever been an attack in England, not recently, for sure, because they didn’t pull out of the Paris accord. And if the Paris accord was going to save the world from radical Islam, then, wow, all of the attacks should be hap-pening in the United States of Amer-ica. Unless we get our friends on the other side of the aisle to help us as we need to do to pass legislation that give us the protection we need, the attacks will be coming. But it wouldn’t make sense—if you believe people like this, and those that say Paris is the key to ending radical Islam, it wouldn’t make sense that London would be hit twice instead of the United States. They didn’t pull out. They condemned us for pulling out. So it makes you think, when you really look at everything, maybe the key to defeating radical Islam is what Americans who have fought them know: there is only one way to defeat radical Islam, and that is to defeat it; to fight it, kill it, defeat it. I saw President Carter here on tele-vision here in the last few days. I had it on mute, so I don’t know what he said. A sweet man. Of course, he does seem to have some pretty strong anti- Semitic feelings, so it is hard to feel too much about the sweetness when you see and hear comments that make you know he really doesn’t care much for certain Jews or Israel. But I know he meant well when he abandoned the Shah of Iran, not a nice man like Qa-dhafi—not a great man, not a nice man, but at least he was keeping rad-ical Islam in the box, keeping it boxed up. When President Carter saw the Shah deposed and the Ayatollah Khomeini comes into Iran, he didn’t recognize that he had literally opened Pandora’s box, and it was going to be a plague upon the world for years and years to come, and that thousands and thou-sands of Americans would die trying to put radical Islam back in the box from which President Carter let it escape and from which President Obama en-couraged more—not intentionally, but the actions have consequences, and Americans have continued to die and will continue until radical Islam, with the help of our Muslim friends that don’t want to be ruled by radical Islamists, with their help—we have got to have their help—we can get it back in the box the way it once was. But there are people like Lewis Lu-kens, our highest ranking U.S. official in London, who don’t recognize this. But the name to so many sounded fa-miliar, Lewis Lukens. I know I have heard that name before. Oh, well, after tweeting out, or sending out the mes-sage from the U.S. Embassy in London, taking sides in favor of the mayor of London over the President of the United States—let’s see, who is this— as the article from Monica Showalter says: ‘‘So who is Acting Ambassador Lewis Lukens anyway? ‘‘Turns out he’s a career diplomat, with nearly 30 years’ experience in as-sorted outposts. His most prominent positions, however, have been at the side of the person who must have served as a sort of mentor, then-Sec-retary of State Hillary Clinton, serving as her chief administrative officer. In that time frame, he managed to reach the inner circle of Clinton’s tight little circle of acolytes—on the same level as Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin. ‘‘In testimony to Congress, Lukens claimed to have come up with the idea of having Clinton set up a private serv-er.’’ Oh, that is right. He is the genius that came up with the idea of having Hillary Clinton have a private server so it was more easy for our enemies to hack classified information. But then again, we find out, well, it really didn’t make that much difference because she was sending it to Huma Abedin, who was sending it to Mr. Weiner. Anyway, it turns out, all kinds of felonies were being committed, Federal laws being violated. Of course, under Director Comey, he didn’t want to pur-sue anybody like that because he is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.082 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4695 June 7, 2017 
sure they meant well, even though they were violating the law right and left. But Lukens takes the side of the mayor, and he is the same guy that came up with the private server idea for Hillary Clinton. So I know, on be-half of those who supported President Trump, we greatly appreciate the dam-age that he did to the Democratic Party. Lukens—and, hopefully, he won’t be long for being the highest ranking U.S. official in London. Hope-fully, we can send somebody over there that doesn’t have great ideas like he had for Hillary Clinton that causes our British friends the kind of trouble he caused for Hillary Clinton. And then we have got this from Will Carr, WGMD News Radio: ‘‘Concerns are being raised on Capitol Hill about whether partisan politics could impact the 2020 Census and swing congressional redistricting in favor of Democrats. ‘‘FOX News has learned that last summer, a pro-Democratic analytics firm that described itself as ‘a platform for hope and change’. . . .’’ Wow. Yeah, as we saw over the last 8 years, 95 million Americans—the high-est number in our history—even gave up looking for work. So they weren’t reflected in the unemployment num-bers, but they just gave up. It was so hopeless. So much for hope and change. Anyway, this analytics firm is ‘‘a platform for hope and change,’’ but it ‘‘ . . . included as a subcontractor in a $415 million advertising contract for the 2020 Census. ‘‘The data firm, Civis Analytics, was founded by the chief analytics officer on former President Barack Obama’s 2012 reelection campaign. ‘‘Since congressional redistricting, which occurs every 10 years, is based on the results of the national Census, the chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee is now asking the Secretary of the Department of Commerce to ensure that the Census will be conducted in a nonpartisan fashion—and that redis-tricting will not be impacted. ‘‘‘In 2016, the Bureau awarded an ad-vertising contract that included a sub-contractor with close ties to the par-tisan politics that reportedly ‘‘spun out of’’ the reelection campaign of President Obama,’ Senator R
ONJOHN-
SON’’—our friend from Wisconsin— ‘‘wrote to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in a letter obtained by FOX News.’’ Our friend, Senator R
ONJOHNSON , says: ‘‘This partisan lineage raises con-cern in light of a Democratic initiative to use the results of the 2020 Census to draw district lines in a manner favor-able to Democratic candidates.’’ So, wow, what a deal. The Obama ad-ministration has got their own con-sulting firm helping with the 2020 Cen-sus. That ought to concern a lot of peo-ple that want to make sure that our little experiment as a democratic re-public does not come to an end. As Ben Franklin warned, we could have it as long—if we could keep it, that is. But the shocking story today that I am not hearing enough talk about, and printed out by Circa, John Solomon and Sara Carter today: ‘‘A former U.S. intelligence contractor tells Circa he walked away. . . .’’ This is a U.S. intelligence contractor. Where have we heard that term? That is what we were told that Ed-ward Snowden was. Well, this says: ‘‘. . . he walked away with more than 600 million classified documents on 47 hard drives from the National Security Agency and the CIA, a haul potentially larger than Edward Snowden’s now infamous breach.’’ But it sounded like a good thing. It says: ‘‘And now he is suing former FBI Director James Comey and other government figures, alleging the Bu-reau has covered up evidence that he provided them showing widespread spy-ing on Americans that violated civil liberties. ‘‘The suit, filed late Monday night by Dennis Montgomery, was assigned to the same Federal judge who has al-ready ruled that some of the NSA’s col-lection of data on Americans violates the U.S. Constitution’s Fourth Amend-ment, setting up an intriguing legal proceeding in the Nation’s Capital this summer. ‘‘Montgomery says the evidence he gave to the FBI chronicle the warrantless collection’’—not just phone metadata—‘‘of phone, financial and personal data and the unmasking of identities in spy data about millions of Americans. ‘‘‘This domestic surveillance was all being done on computers supplied by the FBI,’ Montgomery told Circa in an interview. ‘So these supercomputers, which are FBI computers, the CIA is using them to do domestic surveil-lance.’’’ b1815 Gee, we have been assured that does not happen. We have been assured in hearings in our Judiciary Committee over the last 12 years I have been here—and we have had a lot of hearings on these issues. We have been assured this isn’t happening. This guy who knows enough to steal 600 million clas-sified documents on 47 hard drives without getting caught says it is hap-pening. Mr. Speaker, let me parenthetically insert here, we have had a number of conversations with FBI and different intelligence officials, because section 702 that allows this kind of widespread collection, if we are going after what we were told would be foreign terror-ists, known foreign terrorists, and they happened to capture an American, the name is masked. You can’t get that in-formation. There has to be probable cause to get anything about the Amer-ican. We are finding out names have been unmasked. Now, this information by Mont-gomery is that things are leaked about Americans. Widespread information is being collected on Americans with no probable cause they committed any crime. I have told numerous DOJ and intel-ligence officials—and I am very serious about this—they must show that they can police their own ranks of people who are violating Americans’ civil rights and gathering information in ways Orwell could never have dreamed of. As my friend THOMAS MASSIE was pointing out today, Orwell thought it would take people to spy on other peo-ple. He never dreamed that we, the gov-ernment, would be able to collect ware-houses full of information on little disks that would be used and pulled out later any time they wanted to go after an individual—but it sure looks like it is happening. If our own justice and intelligence of-ficials cannot police themselves and produce the very people who have leaked information and who have un-masked information, I will join with many of my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle to vote against them ever having those types of powers again. They are going to have to police themselves. They are going to have to produce the people who have been leak-ing, who have been unmasking, and who have been spying on Americans without legal authority. They are going to have to produce those people, because if they can’t and if they don’t, they have no business having this kind of power. I know it has got a lot of our justice officials and intelligence offi-cials upset. Based on the way things have been going and from what we keep finding out, I am sure somebody has been going through my background with a fine-tooth comb looking for anything so they can take me out, but good luck. I am sure, as Heritage Foundation has written before, probably most Americans are committing a number of Federal crimes a day we don’t even know about. So, apparently, it can be done if Heritage is right, as I think they are. But the fact is it ought to scare every American that there is this much Federal intervention in their own personal lives. The truth is we have got to get rid of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. They have no right and they have no authority under our Constitution to gather people’s financial information unless there is probable cause to be-lieve a crime has been committed and that this person has committed the crime, and then get a warrant to get it. It is time to end that for real. It is time to end this kind of personal snooping on American citizens. This article goes on and says: ‘‘Docu-ments obtained by Circa outside of the lawsuit show that the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Washington in 2015 approved a grant of limited immunity for Mont-gomery so he could explain how he managed to walk out of his contract and the buildings he worked in with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.084 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4696 June 7, 2017 
the classified material’’ on 47 hard drives. ‘‘He said he returned the hard drives to the FBI, a fact confirmed in govern-ment documents reviewed by Circa. ‘‘‘They’re doing this domestic sur-veillance on Americans, running a project on U.S. soil,’ Montgomery al-leged. He did not disclose the classified name of the project but said he re-vealed all aspects of the project during his interview with the FBI. ‘‘‘Can you imagine what someone can do with the information they were collecting on Americans, can you imagine that kind of power.’ ‘‘Officials with the FBI and CIA de-clined to comment due to current and pending litigation. ‘‘The FBI contacts with Montgomery were encouraged by a senior status Federal judge who encouraged the two sides to meet rather than allow for any of the classified materials to leak, ac-cording to interviews Circa conducted. ‘‘Montgomery’s lawsuit, which in-cluded his lawyer, the well-known con-servative activist Larry Klayman, al-leges Montgomery provided extensive evidence to the FBI of illegal spying on Americans ranging from judges to busi-nessmen like the future President Don-ald Trump. ‘‘The suit did not offer specifics on any illegal spying, but it accused the Bureau of failing to take proper ac-tions to rectify Montgomery’s con-cerns. ‘‘Montgomery divulged to the FBI a ‘pattern and practice of conducting il-legal, unconstitutional surveillance against millions of Americans, includ-ing prominent Americans such as the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court’’’—wow—‘‘‘other Justices, 156 judges, prominent businessmen, and others such as Donald J. Trump, as well as plaintiffs themselves.’’’ That is the allegation in the suit. ‘‘‘Plaintiffs were assured that the FBI, under Defendant Comey, would conduct a full investigation into the grave instances of illegal and unconsti-tutional activity set forth by Mont-gomery. However, the FBI, on Defend-ant Comey’s orders, buried the FBI’s investigation because the FBI itself is involved in an ongoing conspiracy to not only conduct the aforementioned illegal, unconstitutional surveillance, but to cover it up as well,’ the suit added. ‘‘Klayman and Montgomery also al-leged that they have evidence that they themselves have been improperly spied upon by U.S. intelligence. The suit named numerous other defendants as well, including NSA Director Mike Rogers, former CIA Director John Brennan, and even former President Barack Obama. ‘‘Court records indicate the suit was assigned in Washington to U.S. District Judge Richard Leon, who in 2015 issued an historic ruling that the NSA’s past bulk collection of Americans’ phone records most likely violated the Con-stitution.’’ Thank God he ruled as he did. ‘‘The agency has since ended that practice but the pending case, which is winding its way through appeals and motions, is likely to shine a light on whether Americans’ civil liberties were violated during more than a decade of the war on terror.’’ This is incredible. Then, when we hope the courts may be our help, we see another answer that is incredibly discouraging, Federal courts stepping in where they have no authority. Federal court, district court, court of appeals, they have no authority to grant standing to people that are not in the United States, standing and rights to people that are not American citizens and not on American soil. But that is the effect of what they are doing when they say that the President and, actually, Con-gress, which gave the President much of the power he has on the issue of travel bans and immigration, that we don’t have the authority. Well, under the Constitution, we do have the authority. Congress has the authority and the President has au-thority to protect us when it comes to national security. He has authority to make decisions like he has. There is no constitutional right under the United States Constitution for someone in an-other country to have a right to come into the United States. There is no such constitutional right. For any harebrained judge in Amer-ica to say that indicates that this is like artificial intelligence becoming self-aware: Wow, I can do whatever I want. Once it becomes like AI, once it be-comes self-aware, then it begins to pro-tect itself. Anyone who has authority or ability to rein them in: We have got to slap them down and limit their abil-ity to rein us in with our artificial in-telligence—which is more than some of the judges have. Mr. Speaker, I am not singling out an individual so I am not violating the House rules. But this is serious. This is a blow to our experiment as a little, self-gov-erning republic. It is a threat to our ability to proceed as such. But every Federal court except for the Supreme Court owes its entire ex-istence and jurisdiction to the United States Congress. Congress brings those courts into being, and we can take them out. Congress gives them their jurisdiction, and we can take them out. I think it is time to begin to take out some of these courts that, like artifi-cial intelligence, have become self- aware and now are trying to lash out and take power away from those under our Constitution that have it and to take it unto themselves in a self-pro-tection mode. It is getting dangerous in the United States of America for a number of rea-sons. Radical Islam is only one of the reasons, but courts are going so far to overrule common sense and overrule the words of the Constitution and over-rule the words of lawfully passed bills in the House and the Senate signed by Presidents and approved in other case law. Courts are coming back now and just deciding: We are like artificial intel-ligence. We are most important now that we are self-aware as the courts, and we are going to do everything we can to limit congressional authority and executive authority and bring all power and protection unto ourselves in the courts. It is getting dangerous from a con-stitutional standpoint. All of this is oc-curring. There is an article from Conservative Review by Daniel Horowitz, June 5: ‘‘7th Circuit Codifies Transgenderism into the Constitution.’’ The courts did such a great thing in America pointing out the importance of immutable characteristics. Charac-teristics that are immutable are not changeable, whether it is the color of the skin, a race, or a gender. Things that are immutable need to be pro-tected from discrimination. Once the courts began to get into protecting characteristics that change on the whim of the carrier of those characteristics, then the courts started getting us into an area that also is a threat to a constitutional republic with private property rights, with pri-vacy rights, and with the freedoms that we used to have and that are being infringed. When the courts come back and say that you have to protect non-immu-table characteristics that may change day to day wholly in the mind of the proponent, where does it stop? b1830 It is a destructive force. We all agreed on race, everybody I know. I am sure there are some racists in America. In fact, I know there are still some. We have got some people who, I can’t be-lieve, after the lessons that should have been learned from the Holocaust, hate Jews, hate Israel, want it de-stroyed, removed. Incredible. The courts are saying we have to pre-serve some right that none of the rest of us can know, some characteristic none of the rest of us can know. It could change moment by moment. One moment someone is saying: I feel like a girl; I am going in the girl’s rest-room; or I feel like a boy today. Who can know? If it is not apparent, then how can somebody be said to be bigoted against or take some action against when you couldn’t even know what was in their head? How did I know? I didn’t discriminate against some-body for something I didn’t know they had. It was all in their mind. How can I know? When the courts get us into that kind of quagmire, we can’t re-cover. It will sink our ship. In this case, as Daniel Horowitz says: ‘‘Last week, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals became the latest Federal appeals court to codify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.086 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4697 June 7, 2017 
transgenderism into law and the Con-stitution. ‘‘Although Obama’s executive man-dates for transgender bathrooms have gone by the wayside, thanks to Attor-ney General Jeff Sessions overruling the liberal whims of Education Sec-retary Betsy DeVos, the courts are en-gaging in their own social trans-formation on behalf of the defeated Democrats. ‘‘In Whitaker v. Kenosha Unified School District, a unanimous opinion from the three-judge panel ordered a Wisconsin school district to allow a girl to use the boys’ bathroom in school. Following in the footsteps of the Sixth and Fourth Circuits, this Seventh Circuit panel, which included GOP-appointee Ilana Rovner, ruled that the 1972 title IX education law and the 14th Amendment’s Equal Protec-tion Clause cover transgenderism as a protected class. ‘‘As the courts redefine our national sovereignty, rewrite election laws and redistricting in favor of Democrats, re-define criminal justice law for mass murderers, and mandate publicly fund-ed abortions, they are using their self- acclaimed status as kings to redefine sexuality retroactive to laws and amendments codified long before the sexual-identity movement was in vogue. ‘‘In an emotional screed disguised as law, this opinion uses male pronouns to describe a woman with female parts. In any other era, these judges would have been deemed mentally unstable to serve on a bench. ‘‘While refusing to recognize biologi-cal sex as immutable—or, even signifi-cant—the court contended that there is absolutely no disruption or privacy concerns over opposite sexes using the wrong bathrooms: ‘‘A transgender student’s presence in the restroom provides no more of a risk to other students’ privacy rights than the presence of an overly curious stu-dent of the same biological sex who de-cides to sneak glances at his or her classmates performing their bodily functions. ‘‘The court then appealed to common sense to disregard any remaining pri-vacy concerns as ‘conjecture and ab-straction.’ ‘‘Why is it I have a sneaking sus-picion that when title IX was drafted in 1972, much less when the 14th Amendment was drafted in 1867, they completely understood the privacy concerns but would have never fath-omed judges maniacally referring to a Y chromosome as an X chromosome? ‘‘Amazingly, the legal liberals are the ones with the hypocritical argu-ments, even according to their own twisted logic. How could this school district be guilty of violating equal protection and engaging in stereo-typing for actually applying science equally, and not going along with the deliberate stereotyping requested by the plaintiff? ‘‘There is no greater stereotype than saying that a girl, despite being a girl, should be treated like a boy because she acts out in a ‘manly’ way. The en-tire sexual-identity movement is built upon the very sex stereotypes they want to codify into law but also pro-tect from discrimination. ‘‘This is part of a broader hypocrisy in which the transgender lobby is filing lawsuits to apply disability laws to gender-confused individuals, but, on the other hand, are suing on discrimi-nation grounds for stereotyping and recognizing this ‘disability’ as a dis-ability and not as a natural phe-nomenon. ‘‘Either way, the courts will always reach the legal conclusion that best promotes the socially licentious polit-ical outcome . . . even when the ‘juris-prudence’ is contradictory. ‘‘Last year, the Fourth and Sixth Cir-cuits said that transgenderism being codified into civil rights and the Con-stitution is ‘settled law,’ dem-onstrating how irremediably broken the courts are. This is not just the Ninth Circuit; we have yet to find a single circuit willing to understand the most immutable laws of nature. Thus, it is not surprising that almost every court is creating a right for Somalis to immigrate. If marriage and human sex-uality are subjective, so are the bor-ders of a nation. ‘‘Although the Supreme Court punted the Fourth Circuit case, Grimm v. Gloucester County, because that one was built upon Obama’s obsolete transgender mandate, it is quite clear that another case will end up before the high court within the next year. ‘‘Given Justice Anthony Kennedy’s history on this issue—and his penchant for being influenced by growing mo-mentum in the lower courts and the legal profession—it’s fairly safe to say we will be confronted with the transgender version of Obergefell in the near future. ‘‘The transgender case comes just 2 months after the Seventh Circuit codi-fied sexual orientation into Title VII of the Civil Rights Act.’’ That is a court passing legislation il-legally, unconstitutionally, just by fiat by the court. Their signature, just like any good oligarch. ‘‘This circuit, like many others, is drifting more and more to the far left. A number of the GOP appointees, such as Richard Posner and Ilana Rovner, are among the worst offenders. ‘‘There are only two reliable originalists on the court, Michael Kanne and Diane Sykes. That is why it is so important for Trump to imme-diately fill the two vacancies on the court with known originalists. Even more importantly, this is yet one more reason to make the courts less con-sequential by reforming their jurisdic-tion and scope of power.’’ And I would add, taking them out. If they are that irresponsible, let’s take them out. What they refuse to look at is real science—real medical science. That is exactly what Dr. Paul McHugh did. He published this article in The Wall Street Journal on May 13, 2016. It was updated, apparently, from June 12, 2014. This was the head of psychiatry, Dr. Paul McHugh, at Johns Hopkins Hos-pital, the first hospital in America to have actually carried out sex-change operations in America. These were liberal, far-thinking, far- reaching ideas within surgery at Johns Hopkins. Well, yes, we can cut off or-gans, change their sexuality. Dr. Paul McHugh was head of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. Dr. McHugh is a man who knows the medical science, not some idea that fleets by that may be gone tomorrow about someone’s sexu-ality. Dr. McHugh says: ‘‘The transgendered suffer a disorder of ‘assumption’ like those in other dis-orders familiar to psychiatrists. With the transgendered, the disordered as-sumption is that the individual differs from what seems given in nature— namely one’s maleness or femaleness. Other kinds of disordered assumptions are held by those who suffer from ano-rexia and bulimia nervosa, where the assumption that departs from physical reality is the belief by the dangerously thin that they are overweight.’’ He goes on and says: ‘‘With body dysmorphic disorder, an often socially crippling condition, the individual is consumed by the assump-tion ‘I’m ugly.’ These disorders occur in subjects who have come to believe that some of their psycho-social con-flicts or problems will be resolved if they can change the way that they ap-pear to others. Such ideas work like ruling passions in their subjects’ mind and tend to be accompanied by a sol-ipsistic argument. ‘‘For the transgendered, this argu-ment holds that one’s feeling of ‘gen-der’ is a conscious, subjective sense that, being in one’s mind, cannot be questioned by others. The individual often seeks not just society’s tolerance of this ‘personal truth’ but affirmation of it. Here rests the support for ‘transgender equality,’ the demands for government payment for medical and surgical treatments, and for access to all sex-based public roles and privi-leges.’’ He goes on and says: ‘‘We at Johns Hopkins University— which in the 1960s was the first Amer-ican medical center to venture into ‘sex-reassignment surgery’—launched a study in the 1970s comparing the out-comes of transgendered people who had the surgery with the outcomes of those who did not. Most of the surgically treated patients described themselves as ‘satisfied’ by the results, but their subsequent psycho-social adjustments were no better than those who didn’t have the surgery. And so at Hopkins we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.088 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4698 June 7, 2017 
stopped doing sex-reassignment sur-gery, since producing a ‘satisfied’ but still troubled patient seemed an inad-equate reason for surgically ampu-tating normal organs. ‘‘It now appears that our long-ago de-cision was a wise one. A 2011 study at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden produced the most illuminating results yet regarding the transgendered, evi-dence that should give advocates pause,’’ including the courts that think that they can see a fleeting thought in a litigant’s mind and say, Oh, there is a fleeting thought, that is an immu-table characteristic. Therefore, we are going to give it rights, even though we can’t see it, we don’t know what it is. We have just got some idea, so we will call it an immutable characteristic. But according to the Karolinska In-stitute study—which is a long-term study, and, for 30 years, they followed 324 people who had sex-reassignment surgery. ‘‘The study revealed that beginning about 10 years after having the sur-gery, the transgendered began to expe-rience increasing mental difficulties. Most shockingly, their suicide mor-tality rose almost twentyfold above the comparable nontransgender popu-lation. This disturbing result has as yet no explanation but probably re-flects the growing sense of isolation re-ported by the aging transgendered after surgery. The high suicide rate certainly challenges the surgery pre-scription.’’ Some of these Federal judges don’t realize they are contributing to prob-lems of indescribable proportions that may not be known, as the study indi-cated, for 10 years or so. As Dr. McHugh points out: ‘‘Another subgroup consists of young men and women susceptible to sugges-tion from ‘everything is normal’ sex education, amplified by internet chat groups. These are the transgender sub-jects most like anorexia nervosa pa-tients: They become persuaded that seeking a drastic physical change will banish their psycho-social problems. ‘Diversity’ counselors in their schools, rather like cult leaders, may encourage these young people to distance them-selves from their families and offer ad-vice on rebutting arguments against having transgender surgery. Treat-ments here must begin with removing the young person from the suggestive environment and offering a counter- message in family therapy.’’ b1845 ‘‘Then there is this subgroup of very young, often prepubescent children who notice distinct sex roles in the cul-ture and, exploring how they fit in, begin imitating the opposite sex. Mis-guided doctors at medical centers in-cluding Boston’s Children’s Hospital have begun trying to treat this behav-ior by administering puberty-delaying hormones to render later sex-change surgeries less onerous—even though the drugs stunt the children’s growth and risk causing sterility. Given that close to 80 percent of such children would abandon their confusion and grow naturally into adult life if un-treated, these medical interventions come close to child abuse.’’ And that is basically what these Fed-eral courts are contributing to. As Dr. McHugh says, they come close to child abuse themselves. He didn’t say that about the courts; that is my insertion. But as Dr. McHugh, after being open to helping the transgendered every way that was available, he bases his deci-sion on science, on medical science, on study, not on some whim of someone with a fleeting idea in their mind, maybe it lasts for decades, maybe it doesn’t. But Dr. McHugh says: ‘‘A better way to help these children: with devoted parenting.’’ It is not taking them away by the government or some busybody leftwing kooks that think they know better than their own parents. Of course there are parents that aren’t fit. I have sen-tenced some to prison, and I hope some of them never get out of prison. They are a danger. But for heaven’s sake, let’s allow good parenting. Dr. McHugh says and finishes: ‘‘At the heart of the problem is confusion over the nature of the transgendered. ‘Sex change’ is biologically impos-sible.’’ Those are Dr. McHugh’s words: ‘‘Sex change is biologically impossible.’’ He says: ‘‘People who undergo sex-re-assignment surgery do not change from men to women or vice versa. Rather, they become feminized men or masculinized women. Claiming that this is civil rights matter and encour-aging surgical intervention is in re-ality to collaborate with and promote a mental disorder.’’ That is what our Federal courts are engaging in. They are promoting a mental disorder, as it has been called in the DSM. We ought to be about helping these people, not dividing America. But as the studies have indicated, 80 percent of these children that have such ideas, as others have said and he has said, how many of us know girls that were tomboys growing up but ended up being some of the most beautiful and femi-nine women later. Some may say that is sexist, but there are men who may grow up acting feminized and they grow up to be some of the most hand-some, beautiful men you would ever know, but quite masculine. These courts are not helping. They are playing with the latest fad, and their playing is doing massive destruc-tive damage to our United States Con-stitution, to our court system, to our freedom, and to what is left of our Re-public. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. ADERHOLT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a family emergency. Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for June 6 and the balance of the week on account of attending his son’s graduation. Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. D
EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today after 2:30 p.m. and the balance of the week on account of a medical procedure. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 8, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1515. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-STD-0045] (RIN: 1904-AD28) received May 31, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1516. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major confirmation of effective date and compli-ance date for direct final rule — Energy Con-servation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Dedicated-Purpose Pool Pumps [EERE-2015-BT-STD-0008] (RIN: 1904- AD52) received May 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1517. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major confirmation of effective date and compli-ance date for direct final rule — Energy Con-servation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Central Air Condi-tioners and Heat Pumps [EERE-2014-BT- STD-0048] (RIN: 1904-AD37) received May 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1518. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s con-firmation of effective date and compliance date for direct final rule — Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Miscellaneous Refrigeration Prod-ucts [EERE-2011-BT-STD-0043] (RIN: 1904- AC51) received May 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.089 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4699 June 7, 2017 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1519. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Dela-ware; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [DE104-1104; FRL-9961-26-Region 3] received May 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1520. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Wash-ington: General Regulations for Air Pollu-tion Sources, Energy Facility Site Evalua-tion Council [EPA-R10-OAR-2016-0785; FRL- 9963-12-Region 10] received May 25, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1521. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Vir-ginia; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [VA203-5204; FRL-9957-86-Region 3] received May 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1522. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Pennsyl-vania; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [PA 200-4205; FRL-9959-23-Region 3] received May 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1523. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Mary-land; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [MD 204-3120; FRL-9959-24-Region 3] received May 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1524. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Redesignation of the Muncie Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard [EPA-R05-OAR-2016-0137; FRL-9962-70-Region 5] received May 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1525. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; GA; Redesignation of the Atlanta, Georgia 2008 8- Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area to Attain-ment [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0583; FRL-9962-27- Region 4] received May 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1526. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s stay of rule — Stay of Standards of Per-formance for Municipal Solid Waste Land-fills and Emission Guidelines and Compli-ance Times for Municipal Solid Waste Land-fills [EPA-HQ-OAR-2003-0215 and EPA-HQ- OAR-2014-0451; FRL-9963-19-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AT62) received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1527. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Alter-native Final Cover Request for Phase 2 of the City of Wolf Point, Montana, Landfill [EPA- R08-RCRA-2016-0505; FRL-9962-18-Region 8] received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1528. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Revi-sions to the New Source Review State Imple-mentation Plan; Air Permit Procedure Revi-sions [EPA-R06-OAR-2016-0206; FRL-9958-84- Region 6] received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1529. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Montana; Revisions to the Adminis-trative Rules of Montana [EPA-R08-OAR- 2017-0020; FRL-9963-15-Region 8] received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1530. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s con-firmation of effective date and compliance date for Major direct final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Miscellaneous Refrigeration Products (EERE-2011-BT-STD-0043] (RIN: 1904-AC51) received May 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1531. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a series of reports for the second quarter FY 2017, January 1, 2017 — March 31, 2017, developed in accordance with Secs. 36(a) and 26(b) of the Arms Export Control Act, the March 24, 1979, Report by the Committee on Foreign Affairs (H. Rept. 96-70), and the July 31, 1981, Seventh Report by the Committee on Government Oper-ations (H. Rept. 97-214); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1532. A letter from the Deputy Inspector General for Audit Services, Office of Inspec-tor General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a final report, entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Met Many Requirements of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 but Did Not Fully Comply for Fiscal Year 2016’’, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3321 note; Public Law 107-300, Sec. 2(b)(2)(E)(ii) (as amended by Public Law 112-248, Sec. 3(a)(2)); (126 Stat. 2391); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 1533. A letter from the Labor Member and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period October 1, 2016, through March 31, 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1534. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Semi-annual Report of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral for the period October 1, 2016, through March 31, 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95- 452, as amended, and the statistical accom-plishments for the period, including informa-tion required under the Omnibus Consoli-dated Appropriations Act of 1997; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1535. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the Period: October 1, 2016, through March 31, 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1536. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Processors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XF189) re-ceived May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1537. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; General Category Fishery [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XF284) re-ceived May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1538. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Annual Specifications and Management Measures for the 2017 Tribal and Non-Tribal Fisheries for Pacific Whiting [Docket No.: 161128999-7428- 02] (RIN: 0648-BG47) received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 1539. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Fisheries of the Carib-bean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Yellowtail Snapper Management Measures [Docket No.: 160510416-6999-02] (RIN: 0648- BG06) received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1540. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act Pro-visions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Amendment 18 [Docket No.: 150630567-7360-02] (RIN: 0648-BF26) received May 30, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1541. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — International Fisheries; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.000 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4700 June 7, 2017 
Pacific Tuna Fisheries; Fishing Restrictions for Tropical Tuna in the Eastern Pacific Ocean [Docket No.: 170223197-7311-01] (RIN: 0648-BG67) received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1542. A letter from the Counsel for Regu-latory and Legislative Affairs, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — July 2017 Revision of Patent Cooperation Treaty Procedures [Docket No.: PTO-P-2017- 0002] (RIN: 0651-AD14) received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 1543. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — MU-2B Series Airplane Training Requirements Update; Correction [Docket No.: FAA-2006-24981; Amdt. Nos. 61- 138A, 91-344A, and 135-134A] (RIN: 2120-AK63) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1544. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9569; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-052-AD; Amendment 39-18865; AD 2017-09-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1545. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s principles for reforming the Nation’s Air Traffic Control System (H. Doc. No. 115—45); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 1546. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary for Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting the 2017 Global Defense Posture Report; jointly to the Committees on For-eign Affairs and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 2353. A bill to reauthor-ize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006; with an amendment (Rept. 115–164). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 2795. A bill to increase coordination among relevant Federal departments and agencies to address United States security and humanitarian interests in Yemen, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Mrs. H ARTZLER ): H.R. 2796. A bill to repeal executive over-reach, to clarify that the proper constitu-tional authority for social transformation belongs to the legislative branch; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): H.R. 2797. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for advanced illness care coordination services for Medi-care beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 2798. A bill to prohibit access by the Government of the Russian Federation to certain Russian-owned diplomatic facilities and properties located in the States of Mary-land and New York, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. S WALWELL of California): H.R. 2799. A bill to amend the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act to authorize certain recycled water projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C APUANO , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 2800. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure improvement of air traffic control services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, the Budget, and Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. K
INGof New York, and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): H.R. 2801. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to issue a rule requiring all new passenger motor vehicles to be equipped with a child safety alert system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ): H.R. 2802. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax-preferred savings account for first-time homebuyers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mrs. WAGNER ): H.R. 2803. A bill to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on For-eign Affairs, Energy and Commerce, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 2804. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to implement changes to im-prove air transportation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington): H.R. 2805. A bill to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Busi-ness Travel Card Program; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. BERGMAN (for himself, Mr. U
PTON , Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. M ITCHELL , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE ): H.R. 2806. A bill to increase authorized funding for the Soo Locks; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 2807. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require congressional notifi-cation concerning sensitive military cyber operations and cyber weapons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. C
OFF-
MAN): H.R. 2808. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the amount that can be withdrawn without penalty from individual retirement plans as first-time homebuyer distributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. K IL-
MER): H.R. 2809. A bill to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for the authorization and supervision of nongovernmental space activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Washington) (both by request): H.R. 2810. A bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. G
AETZ ): H.R. 2811. A bill to preserve the integrity of American elections by providing the Attor-ney General with the investigative tools to identify and prosecute foreign agents who seek to circumvent Federal registration re-quirements and unlawfully influence the po-litical process; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.000 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4701 June 7, 2017 
By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 2812. A bill to direct the President to develop a strategy for the offensive use of cyber capabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2813. A bill to prohibit the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States from pro-viding financial support for certain high car-bon intensity energy projects; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 2814. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose a tax on employ-ers whose employees receive certain Federal benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ): H.R. 2815. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Sergeant John Basilone Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 2816. A bill to authorize a settlement in accordance with the agreement entered into by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the United States Department of the Inte-rior, and counties within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2817. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to clarify eligibility for the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 2818. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow individuals a de-duction for amounts contributed to disaster savings accounts to help defray the cost of preparing their homes to withstand a dis-aster and to repair or replace property dam-aged or destroyed in a disaster; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. W ALZ): H.R. 2819. A bill to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to require the disclo-sure of political intelligence activities, to amend title 18, United States Code, to pro-vide for restrictions on former officers, em-ployees, and elected officials of the executive and legislative branches regarding political intelligence contacts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. H ILL): H.R. 2820. A bill to direct the Secretary of State to establish within the Department of State the Office of Anti-Corruption relating to Illicit Russian Financial Activities in Eu-rope, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 2821. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the credit for in-creasing research activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. B ANKS of Indi-ana): H.R. 2822. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to carry out a pilot program to lend Department of Defense farm equipment to eligible farmers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 377. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should confirm that money is not free speech and that corporations are not people for purposes of the First Amendment right to make campaign contributions by en-acting a constitutional amendment over-turning the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Citizens United v. Federal Elec-tion Commission, and should restore the right of Congress and the States to impose limits on the amount of expenditures that may be made by candidates and others in support of elections for public office by en-acting a constitutional amendment over-turning the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Buckley v. Valeo; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BASS: H.R. 2795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 allows Con-gress to make all laws ‘‘which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execu-tion’’ any of Congress’ enumerated powers. By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 2796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 2797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill modifies the Social Security Act, which Congress enacted pursuant to its pow-ers under the Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution, we well as its powers to tax and spend for the general welfare. Congress has the power under those provisions to enact this legislation as well. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 2798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 2799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 2800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 2801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excise, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 2803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 2804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, United States Constitution. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 2805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 2806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers vested by this Constitution in the United States, or in any Department or officer therof. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 2807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 2809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 2810. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.100 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4702 June 7, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 2812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Impost and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 2814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Amendment XVI to the Constitution’’: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without re-gard to any census or enumeration. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 2815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: To establish Post Offices and post Roads; By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 2816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 2818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 2819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 2820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’ By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 2821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 2822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Mr. H IMES. H.R. 29: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 38: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 40: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 44: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 80: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 93: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 154: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 169: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 173: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 184: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 227: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 299: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. N OR-
CROSS . H.R. 314: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 358: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 367: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 377: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 391: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 392: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T HOMAS  J. R
OONEY of Florida, and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 397: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 420: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. C LARKE  of New York. H.R. 422: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. I SSA, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 468: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 478: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 490: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 507: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 529: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 545: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 592: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 632: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 662: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 681: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 721: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 740: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 747: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 750: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 754: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 761: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , H.R. 795: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. W
OMACK , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 796: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 799: Mr. A
LLEN , H.R. 807: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 820: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 825: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 846: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. H IMES, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 848: Mr. S
MUCKER and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 873: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 880: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 881: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 916: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 930: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C
OOK, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 947: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 952: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 959: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 964: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 997: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1017: Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1034: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1046: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. T URNER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee. H.R. 1057: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1064: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1090: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1098: Ms. F
UDGE and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 1099: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1111: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1116: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1120: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1136: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 1146: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1154: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1158: Mr. K
INZINGER and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1164: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1205: Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
OMER , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana. H.R. 1212: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1231: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1244: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1251: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 1316: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. H ARPER , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1339: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 1349: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER . H.R. 1361: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1421: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1422: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 1441: Mr. B
YRNE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi. H.R. 1456: Mr. P
AULSEN and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1478: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1480: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1503: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1511: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1529: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 1540: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 1552: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1554: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 1555: Mr. G
OSAR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.041 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4703 June 7, 2017 
H.R. 1618: Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1626: Mr. L
AHOODand Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 1651: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1652: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 1655: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1661: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1698: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mrs. R
OBYand Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 1734: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1810: Mr Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1811: Mr B
IGGS. H.R. 1817: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1825: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1828: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 1840: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1844: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1853: Mrs W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms Nor- ton, Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1863: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1872: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1895: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 1952: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 1955: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 1970: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1997: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2000: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2001: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2004: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, H.R. 2012: Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2024: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2045: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2056: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2061: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2069: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2079: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2091: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 2106: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2127: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 2197: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2200: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2240: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 2248: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2287: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 2318: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 2319: Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. R OSS, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2322: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 2327: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 2353: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 2358: Mr. S
HIMKUS and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 2394: Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2401: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Ms. M OORE , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2434: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 2452: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2472: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2478: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 2482: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. E VANS , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2488: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M
ATSUI , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2492: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2499: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2519: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 2526: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2564: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2595: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 2603: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 2620: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. B UDD, and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 2625: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2632: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2634: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 2641: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 2645: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 2651: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2654: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2657: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 2675: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2676: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2687: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2690: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2715: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2716: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2723: Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2747: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2771: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 2785: Mr. R
EED. H.J. Res. 13: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.J. Res. 24: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. K
IND. H.J. Res. 48: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.J. Res. 103: Mr. L
ATTA . H. Con. Res. 8: Ms. R
OSEN . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. H
UIZENGA . H. Con. Res. 47: Mr. E
VANS and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. A
MODEI and Mr. J ONES . H. Res. 15: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 28: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 31: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 85: Mr. F
OSTER . H. Res. 129: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H. Res. 135: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 188: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H. Res. 219: Mr. P
AULSEN . H. Res. 220: Mr. M
OULTON and Ms. R OSEN . H. Res. 274: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H. Res. 276: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H. Res. 311: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Mr. B YRNE . H. Res. 317: Mr. E
NGEL . H. Res. 321: Mr. T
AKANO . H. Res. 336: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 342: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. E NGEL . H. Res. 351: Mr. T
AYLOR . H. Res. 353: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 368: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia. H. Res. 371: Ms. L
EE, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H. Res. 372: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S OTO. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2560: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.036 H07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3301 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 2017 No. 97 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Father of love, whose presence and power is revealed to the hearts that long for Your guidance, we thank You for the gift of this day. May we use this borrowed time for Your glory. As our lawmakers strive to honor You, may they work with commend-able zeal, knowing that life’s evening is coming when their labor will be done. Lord, give them the wisdom to keep Your words in their hearts, providing them with a lamp for their feet and a light for their paths. Continue to be our strength and shield. May we think of You consist-ently and trust You constantly. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable RANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 1628 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
SANCTIONS LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Senators today will have an oppor-tunity to advance important bipartisan Iran sanctions legislation. As we con-sider this bill, we anticipate that amendments addressing Russia sanc-tions are likely to be offered. I am en-couraged that the chairmen of the For-eign Relations and Banking Commit-tees, Senator C
ORKER and Senator C
RAPO , have already been in discus-sions with their respective ranking members to work toward a bipartisan agreement. I support that effort, and I will have more to say about the under-lying legislation tomorrow. f 
INFRASTRUCTURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, on one other matter, later today President Trump will visit Cincinnati to discuss the importance of our Na-tion’s inland waterways. Kentucky is home to over 1,900 miles of navigable inland waterways, which, in addition to adding majestic beauty to my State, are also vital to thousands of jobs in the Commonwealth. In recent years, over 95 million tons of cargo and agricultural products have been transported across these water trade routes. Our many levees, docks, and dams represent crucial infrastruc-ture that play an important role in our regional and national economy. I am proud of the work Congress has done in the past to protect our Nation’s waterways, like passing the Water Re-sources Development Act by a bipar-tisan majority last year in order to support infrastructure, enhance com-merce, and maintain American eco-systems. As President Trump continues to re-lease his plans for our Nation’s infra-structure, I look forward to working with the administration and colleagues in the Senate to protect and improve the many roads, bridges, airports, and waterways that serve people and jobs all across our country. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote on the motion to proceed to S. 722 occur at 1:45 p.m. today, and if cloture is in-voked, time postcloture count as if in-voked at 10:30 a.m. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.000 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3302 June 7, 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SANCTIONS LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first on Iran and Russia: This week we will be considering bipartisan legislation to impose sanctions on Iran for its bal-listic missile testing, for its human rights abuses, and for its overt support of terrorism. I support this and look forward to a vote on the measure. It is important we do it. I also understand that the majority leader will consent to an amendment vote alongside that bill on bipartisan Russia sanctions legislation. There is a broad bipartisan consensus for moving forward on tough sanctions against Russia. Russia defied the sovereignty of the Ukraine with the annexation of Crimea. It has been accused of human rights abuses including propping up the brutal Assad regime in Syria, and of course the intelligence community has confirmed that Russia interfered with our democracy. I appreciate that the majority leader has committed to having a vote on Russia sanctions, and I thank so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for pushing this issue. It is the right thing to do, and I appreciate them doing it. I strongly believe that Russia’s sanc-tions legislation needs to do three im-portant things. First, we must codify existing sanctions on Russia; second, we need to give Congress a chance to review any decision by this administra-tion before sanctions are lifted; and, third, we need to impose tough, new sanctions on Russia for its attack on our democracy. Two pieces of legislation, one posted by the two lead sponsors, Senators M
CCAINand C ARDIN , the other by Sen-ators G
RAHAM and C ARDIN —both bipar-tisan and both, I believe, with at least 10 cosponsors from each side of the aisle—do these things. What we have suggested to the leader is that we put those two bills together and combine them, tweak them a little bit, and move forward. We await the answer from the majority leader on our pro-posal. It is certainly our responsibility and the responsibility of this Congress to vote on the tough Russia sanctions bill as a response to Russia’s persistent violations of international norms and agreements. If we do nothing on Russia or if we have a weak bill, we will not accom-plish that goal, and Mr. Putin will con-tinue to do everything he is doing. We know sanctions have bite with Russia. If the Russians see that this Congress, in a bipartisan way, is resolute and strong, it will make a difference, and I hope we move forward. f 
INFRASTRUCTURE Mr. SCHUMER. Now, Mr. President, there are many subjects in this very quickly changing world in which we live. The next subject is infrastructure. Today, President Trump will con-tinue his infrastructure week in talk-ing about inland waterways. I would like to repeat that Democrats welcome a discussion about these issues. Demo-crats have argued in favor of a large in-frastructure package to address our crumbling roads and bridges, our lev-ees, our dams, our ports, and our locks for a long time. While we disagreed with President Trump on a great many things during the campaign, I think many of my colleagues thought that when Mr. Trump was elected, we could find some common ground on the topic of infrastructure. Needless to say, so far, the Presi-dent’s actions on infrastructure have been a disappointment. In 6 months, the President has not given any real details about his infrastructure plan. The most he has done is endorse an off- the-shelf plan to privatize air traffic control. In fact, he actually cut infra-structure spending in his budget by over $200 billion. Now, during what they have termed ‘‘infrastructure week,’’ the White House has only pro-posed to privatize much of our infra-structure. Today, I expect more of the same— bold promises, few details. What de-tails we do hear will likely be about how large financiers should decide where and how to build American in-frastructure. That has never happened before. The approach will not address the very broad infrastructure needs we have. Financiers will not pay to fi-nance infrastructure projects from which they cannot make a buck. It is their right to seek a profit—that is what businesses do and are supposed to do—but there is no such thing as a free lunch. They are going to need to get recompense when they lay out money. That kind of approach will not fix our water sewer systems. It will not expand rural broadband. It will not fix our en-ergy grid. It will do one thing—lead to Trump tolls from one end of America to the other. After the election, we stood ready to work with the President on a real bill, provided it would not be just tax breaks for private financiers or roll back labor and environmental protec-tions. We even wrote a detailed blue-print on how to spend $1 trillion. That was the President’s number. It would create 13 to 15 million jobs. It would re-build our infrastructure—large parts of it—from one end of America to the other. It would not leave out rural areas that will never benefit from any kind of private financing, as Senators BARRASSO and M ORAN have made clear. We sent it to the White House and never heard a peep. I have talked to the President several times on the phone and said that I want to work with him on infrastructure—no response. Now we have their plan without any consulta-tion from Democrats. Even with talk that they should do this on reconcili-ation, there has been no Democratic support or votes or input. Just as their doing things by reconciliation is tying the Republican Party in knots on healthcare, it does not bode too well for them on tax reform. It will mess up infrastructure as well. So I hope the President drops his go- at-it-alone infrastructure push and in-stead decides to sit down and talk to Democrats about the issue. We agree wholeheartedly on the problem and its magnitude. Let’s sit down and start talking about what solutions actually make sense. Let’s not have a few fin-anciers who whisper into the Presi-dent’s ear determine our infrastructure policy—because it will be a flop. 
f 
TRUMPCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Now, Mr. President, on another matter: healthcare. Yesterday, the insurer Anthem pulled out of exchanges in Ohio, citing the administration’s decision to hold cost-sharing reduction payments hos-tage as the reason for its exit. Anthem joins a growing list of health insurers that have chosen to leave the 2018 mar-ketplace or considered raising their rates as a result of the uncertainty the President and Republicans are caus-ing—deliberately, in my judgment—in our healthcare system. The President and Republicans blame ObamaCare for insurers leaving the marketplace. It is simply not true. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice said it is the ‘‘substantial uncer-tainty about enforcement of the indi-vidual mandate and about future pay-ments of the cost-sharing subsidies’’ that have led insurers to withdraw from the current marketplace. AHIP, which is hardly a Democratic group—it is the largest trade group of insurers and is completely nonpartisan—said the uncertainty about cost-sharing payments was ‘‘the single most desta-bilizing factor in the individual mar-ket.’’ The Affordable Care Act is not falling under its own weight. It is being sabo-taged deliberately by President Trump and Republicans who have been whip-ping up all of this uncertainty to gain political advantage, to say: ‘‘I told you so.’’ They are hurting millions of peo-ple. That is really wrong. After downplaying weeks of expecta-tions in moving forward, yesterday our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.001 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3303 June 7, 2017 
Republican colleagues said they expect to have a repeal bill passed by June 30. That is 23 days from today. From all reports, the efforts by Republican Sen-ators to craft a different TrumpCare will be based on many of the provisions in the House bill—a bill that would re-move the guarantee of coverage for preexisting conditions, raise rates on some older Americans by as much as 800 percent, and decimate Medicaid, which so helps rural folks, folks with a family member in a nursing home, and those suffering from opioid abuse. It would also leave 23 million more Amer-icans without health insurance. I remind all of my colleagues on the other side that drafting a Senate Re-publican healthcare bill that is based on a House bill is putting lipstick on a pig. TrumpCare is fundamentally flawed, has been rejected overwhelm-ingly by the American people of all po-litical stripes, and will devastate our healthcare system in order to finance massive tax breaks for the wealthiest of Americans. There is no amount of window dressing that can fix up a flawed concept. I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that even if the pro-posal is 10 or 20 percent better than the House bill, it ain’t close to being good enough for the American people. Re-publicans ought to drop the repeal. Choose to work with Democrats to ac-tually improve our healthcare system, not to sabotage it. 
f 
BORDER WALL Mr. SCHUMER. Finally, Mr. Presi-dent, a word on the President’s latest idea for a border wall with Mexico. After the idea of a border wall was roundly rejected in the last omnibus by Members of both parties and after no Republican from a border State area would support the border wall, the President just cannot seem to let it go. Yesterday, it was reported that he ac-tually pitched the idea of a 40- or 50- foot-tall border wall with solar panels. Never mind that he still has not come up with a plan on how to build the wall, where to build it—on our side or the Rio Grande side—or how to get the land on the border from the private citizens who own it. Never mind that a border wall would be incredibly expen-sive and ineffective in actually pre-venting illegal border crossings. Never mind that Mexico still wouldn’t be pay-ing for the border wall or its solar pan-els. The President is still pushing this medieval proposal—now with an absurd twist. Just like painting stripes on a pony doesn’t make a zebra, solar panels on a wall no one wants doesn’t make it any more attractive. If the President thinks his new idea will catch on in Congress, well, I have a 50-foot-tall wall made of solar panels I will sell to you. Mr. President, I yield the floor. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. COT-
TON). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COUNTERING IRAN’S DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 722, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I under-stand that we had originally scheduled for, in about 1 minute, a vote on clo-ture on the new Iran sanctions bill. I understand that the cloture vote has been delayed until early this afternoon. This comes on the heels of an an-nouncement of very sad news from Iran. I would certainly be among the first to note that some of the people in Iran, the Revolutionary Guard and some of their leadership, support ter-rorism. They wish ill for us and for our country. That same country had elections about 2 weeks ago, and the results of those elections were surprising, even for me, but encouraging. The results of the election found that President Rouhani, one of the leaders of reform and one of the modern elements within that country, was reelected by a re-sounding majority—close to 60 percent of the vote. Although the Supreme Leader thought it would be a one-on- one race for the Presidency, in spite of that, Rouhani was reelected, and we congratulate him. There were a num-ber of municipal elections across the country, most prominently in Tehran where the hard-line mayor of Tehran has been ousted, and moderate forces seem to have made real, encouraging progress from my perspective and I think the perspective of most Ameri-cans. One of the things the Iranians do, which is troubling to me and I think to others in this country, is continue to test ballistic missiles in what we be-lieve is in violation of the United Na-tions’ decision. Iranians are not vio-lating the agreement that was entered into among five nations, including the United States and Iran, roughly 2 years ago in Iran’s nuclear joint agreement. They are not violating that, but they are violating other U.N. sanctions. So this revised sanctions bill, which was scheduled to be debated today and maybe voted on later this week—at least the start of the debate on wheth-er they are going to proceed to the bill—has been delayed until this after-noon. I urge us to consider delaying further action on this Iran sanctions measure today or this week. The term ‘‘adding insult to injury’’ comes to mind. I try to use the Golden Rule to figure out what I should do and how I should behave as a human being, and I think maybe we ought to con-sider the Golden Rule in this case as well. Iran is not necessarily our close friend. They are not our close ally. I think the potential is there for having a much better relationship as a young generation of Iranians grows up and eventually assumes the leadership of their country. It is a country of 80 million people, over half of them under the age of 25. They had a revolution in 1979 and cap-tured our Embassy. They held our peo-ple for a year or more until after the 1980 Presidential election. Our rela-tions with Iran have been difficult since that time but more encouraging of late—again, a young country of 80 million people, more than half under the age of 25. The younger generation there wants to have a good relationship with the rest of the world, a better relationship with the rest of the world, and cer-tainly a better relationship with us. I have talked with a number of Amer-ican leaders, including senior Amer-ican leaders, who have been to Iran in recent years and were surprised by the warm welcome they received. It reminds me very much of the warm welcome I received leading a congressional delegation to Vietnam in August of 1991 to find out what hap-pened to thousands of MIAs. We were expecting to be met by suspicion and hostility, and we were warmly em-braced at that time. Six of us—Demo-cratic and Republican Congressmen— were there to present to the leadership of Vietnam on behalf of the George Herbert Walker Bush administration a roadmap to normalize relations if they would do a number of things to enable us to find out what happened to thou-sands of our MIAs. We presented that proposal. John Kerry and J
OHNMCCAIN worked very hard on the Senate side and at the same time in Southeast Asia as well. We ended up with normalized relations within a few years of our visit. One of the members of my dele-gation, Pete Peterson, became our first U.S. Ambassador to Vietnam. I mention that today because of the hostility we felt toward Vietnam for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.003 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3304 June 7, 2017 
many years during the war and after the war and the suspicion that they were holding thousands of our MIAs as POWs, which turned out not to be true. But our efforts, along with those of Senator M
CCAIN, Senator Kerry, and others, ended up providing information about the missing and the closure we hoped for hundreds of families of Amer-icans who had lost their loved ones in Vietnam and never recovered their re-mains—although some of their remains were recovered and returned to the families. I mention it today because a year ago in Vietnam, with President Obama and Secretary Kerry, and at a time when the Vietnamese were announcing they were going to buy billions of dollars’ worth of our Boeing aircraft—we are their top trading partner, and they were going to be an integral part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership that we ne-gotiated, along with other nations. Sadly, that has gone away. I think one of the biggest mistakes of this Con-gress and the last was to let the trans-pacific trade partnership die. But Viet-nam was a key member of that. It is kind of ironic to me that a na-tion with whom we fought in a war, where the names of 55,000 who died are at the Vietnam Memorial—not even 2 miles from where I am standing right now—yet, since the 1970s we have let bygones be bygones and have a much better relationship with Vietnam. They are still Communist, and they are still a one-party system, but they have high regard toward Americans. Rather remarkably, we learned last April when we were there that they had two surveys done of the Vietnamese people this last year. One survey found that 85 percent of the people surveyed had favorable opinions of the United States, more than any other nation in the world. In the second survey, we learned that about 95 percent of the Vi-etnamese people had favorable opinions of the United States, more than any other nation on Earth. Again, we are their top trading part-ner these days, and they are buying a lot of the products we manufacture and sell. If that relationship can change, I think there is reason to hope our rela-tionship with Iran can change. We have our pages here. If it were left to the generation the age of our pages or maybe their parents, it would be a brandnew day in Iran. But change is happening there. The question is, on the heels of this attack by ISIS, with whom we have bitter differences and a hotly contested armed conflict—for us to somehow, on the heels of two attacks by ISIS in Iran, one on the Parliament and the other apparently on the mausoleum for the former Ayatollah, where a dozen or more people have been killed, 40-some-thing wounded—does it make sense for us to take up the Iran sanctions bill today? I don’t think so. My reading of the Golden Rule, treat-ing other people the way we want to be treated, would suggest this might not be the right day to do this—next week, maybe; today, no. I call on our leader-ship to hit the pause button. There is not a need to rush on this. The Iran sanctions bill, which is com-ing to us today, is a much more thoughtful approach than was origi-nally contemplated by the Foreign Re-lations Committee. They have done a very nice job of improving what I thought was a badly flawed earlier ef-fort. But this might be a good day to hit the pause button. Instead of rub-bing salt into a wound, let’s wait a few days and consider what to do. If we were in their shoes, I think we would appreciate that gesture. If we were in their shoes, I think the idea of their taking this kind of action or step against us on a day that we have been attacked by ISIS would not be well re-ceived. It would be badly received. So I think we ought to treat them the same way. I think that is pretty much it. I ap-preciate the chance to come to the floor and say a few words. I call on leadership to delay this vote on cloture and to delay the vote on the underlying bill until next week. When we do the underlying bill on Iran sanctions, let’s couple it with something that includes some of the very thoughtful work going on with respect to Russia, which really is creating mischief in this coun-try—not just with elections but other-wise as well—and maybe do a package that includes both together. That might make a lot more sense, and the timing would be a lot better. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I am strongly supportive of adding sanctions against Russia to the bill that is sched-uled to come up this afternoon. As I think we all know, Russia actively worked to influence our 2016 Presi-dential election and continues to try to destabilize democracies around the world, including our own, and that is unacceptable. At the same time, I have serious con-cerns about the sanctions on Iran con-tained in this bill. As we have heard from former Obama administration of-ficials, including Secretary Kerry and Ambassador Sherman, these measures could undermine the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action, the very important nuclear agreement signed in 2015 be-tween the United States, our P5+1 part-ners, and Iran. But above and beyond that, let us be aware and cognizant that earlier today, the people of Iran suffered a horrific terror attack in their capital, Tehran, in which 12 peo-ple were killed and many more were in-jured. The Islamic State has claimed credit for this attack. At a time when tensions are ex-tremely high in that part of the world, our goal must be to find ways to bring people together to reduce tensions rather than to exacerbate this very painful and dangerous situation. Let us also remember that the leaders of Iran immediately expressed condolences for the September 11 attacks against the United States and that hundreds of Ira-nians held a candlelight vigil. It seems to me to be the right thing to do—on a day when Iran has been at-tacked by ISIS, by terrorism, now is not the time to go forward with legisla-tion calling for sanctions against Iran. I would respectfully request that we delay our vote on this bill until next week. Let us tell the people of Iran that while we have serious disagree-ments with them on a number of issues, that today, when they are mourning, when they are dealing with the shock of a terrorist attack, today is not the day to go forward with this piece of legislation. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I come to the floor very briefly to make what, I hope, is a reasonable recommendation to my colleagues on both sides. We are due to vote later today on moving forward on a piece of legisla-tion that I support. Last week, we voted out of the Foreign Relations Committee a new sanctions bill against the Iranian regime for its continued movement toward a ballistic missile program that, ultimately, could threaten the security of the Middle East and could threaten the security of our sacred ally in the region, Israel. It also speaks to Iran’s continued prob-lematic human rights record and its support for terrorism in the region. We should move forward on this piece of legislation, but I would recommend that we not do so today. There is rea-son to have this debate, but given the terrorist attack that occurred in Iran, given the fact that today we know that there are 12 dead and 40 wounded in 2 very coordinated attacks, my worry is that, literally, at the moment of griev-ing in Iran, this resolution would look as directed not at the regime, as it is, but at the Iranian people. It would seem intemperate and, ultimately, do more damage than good. This is an important resolution to debate. We can find the time to get this done, but given the unfortunate tim-ing—obviously, not intentional in our moving this forward this week—given the attacks that just occurred and for which ISIS has claimed responsibility, I would hope that we could find a way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.006 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3305 June 7, 2017 
to move this to another time. I think it is really important because, ulti-mately, it is in the United States’ na-tional security interest for the Iranian people to get their way, who are, broadly speaking, Western-oriented and who, broadly speaking, want a democratic, internationalist future. In everything we do, we need to make it clear that we have deep disagree-ments with the Iranian regime—its rhetoric toward Israel, its inflaming of tensions, its funding of proxy wars in the region—and that our beef is not with the people of Iran. From time to time, that is a difficult distinction to make, but it is a very important dis-tinction to make. By choosing to post-pone this debate and this vote to an-other time, I think we will send an im-portant message to the Iranian people that we want to give them the time to grieve and that we want to give them the time to understand the scope of this attack. I do not think it comes at much of a cost or loss to us. It is important to re-member that when we were attacked on September 11, there were vigils held throughout Iran. The regime itself was not sponsoring those, but the Iranian people did stand up and, in substantial numbers, displayed a common cause with the people of this country—again, another sign that this disagreement is not with the people of Iran but with the regime. Despite my having some reservations about this piece of legislation—I do not endorse it wholeheartedly, but I am a supporter of it and will vote for it when it comes to the floor of the Senate—I would hope that the leadership on both sides of the aisle might find a path so as to give the people of Iran some grieving space, to make sure that we are not sending the wrong message with this vote this afternoon, and to find some time later this summer to take up a very, very important issue. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I rise today in strong support of the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activi-ties Act of 2017, but first I would like to offer my strongest condemnation of the terrorist attack allegedly carried out by ISIS this morning in Tehran, which claimed the lives of 12 people. Attacks on civilians in any corner of the world must be strongly condemned by the United States, and I offer my condolences to the people of Iran and the families who lost loved ones in this latest act of terror. If anything, these events remind us that the entire Middle East is increas-ingly under siege, and the United States and the entire international community must unite to confront ter-rorism and extremism in all of its forms. That means holding govern-ments that continue to foment, fund, and encourage terrorism accountable. While the people of Iran suffered a heinous attack today, the unfortunate reality is that the violence, volatility, and profound human suffering that im-perils the Middle East are all too often linked back to the Government of Iran. Across the region, this regime con-tinues to pursue policies that threaten the national security interests of the United States. It continues to support terrorism and exert influence through the growing power of proxy actors throughout the Levant and Yemen. Even as it continues to supply terror-ists across the region with money, weapons, and resources, the people of Iran continue to suffer under an op-pressive regime with absolutely no re-spect for basic human rights. We all know the United States faces a multitude of threats at home and abroad, from Russia’s cyber attack on our elections, to North Korea’s contin-ued belligerence, to new questions about America’s leadership in the world. But even as Congress rightly re-mains focused on these challenges, we must not lose sight of Iran’s ongoing, ever-growing efforts to exert more con-trol, more power, and more influence throughout the Middle East. Whether we are talking about an adversary like Russia or Iran or an international chal-lenge like climate change or the ref-ugee crisis, we cannot let issues of such importance to our future be obscured by partisan politics, derailed by divi-sive tweets, or lost amid the revela-tions of our relentless 24-hour news cycle. I have always believed politics must stop at the water’s edge, and I know many of my colleagues share that prin-ciple. That is why there is such broad bipartisan support for the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act. I am pleased to have worked with Sen-ators CORKER , CARDIN , and a number of other colleagues on legislation that has earned the support of nearly 60 cospon-sors. We crafted this legislation by lis-tening to an array of different voices with experience addressing Iran’s de-stabilizing influence. But let me be clear. This bill is not— is not—about Iran’s nuclear program. This bill is not about the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action. With the re-gime’s tentacles reaching across the re-gion—from its support of a Shia proxy network in Iraq, to its growing influ-ence in Afghanistan, to its continued sponsorship of terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas—we need a stra-tegic approach, one that energizes our partners in the region and recognizes their capacity to counter Iran’s behav-ior. That is exactly what the Coun-tering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act does. Our legislation calls on the President of the United States to develop a re-gional strategy to counter Iran’s asym-metric and conventional threats across the Middle East. We know that Iran, for example, continues to develop so-phisticated ballistic missile tech-nologies. They aren’t exactly hiding it. Just a few weeks ago, a semi-official news service for the Iranian Revolu-tionary Guard announced it had built a third underground facility dedicated to ballistic missiles. Iran continues to test launch missiles, some of which may be capable of reaching Europe or Israel—both critical allies of the United States. In fact, some of the mis-siles launched earlier this year had the words ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the Earth’’ etched on their sides. That is why S. 722 requires the President to impose sanctions on any person who knowingly engages and materially con-tributes in support of Iran’s ballistic missiles program. Some argue that imposing new sanc-tions on Iran violates the spirit of the JCPOA, but I would argue that ac-tively building underground ballistic missile facilities does little to promote good will or the spirit of the JCPOA in the region. Beyond its missile program, Iran re-mains actively engaged in importing and exporting small and conventional arms to terrorist proxies around the world and bad actors like North Korea. In January of this year, the outgoing United Nations Secretary General, Ban Ki-moon, expressed concern that Iran might have violated an arms embargo by supplying weapons and missiles to Hezbollah. Yet, not all of Iran’s viola-tions make high-profile news. We know Iran has ramped up its supply of weap-ons to the Houthi rebels in Yemen and other proxies throughout the region. That is why this legislation imposes sanctions on any individual who know-ingly engages in activity that materi-ally contributes to the supply, sale, or transfer of arms as defined and estab-lished by U.N. standards. Finally, when it comes to human rights, some try to paint a pretty pic-ture of reform in Iran, but a closer look reveals chilling and deplorable human rights abuses. According to Human Rights Watch, by October of last year, Iran had executed more than 250 peo-ple—that is 1 person sent to death every day—and many were executed for nonviolent drug offenses. That is why our legislation expands the scope of violations eligible for sanctions, in-cluding those behind the extrajudicial killings of journalists and activists who seek to expose the oppression of the Iranian people. Finally, this bill calls for a com-prehensive report on Americans who suffer at the hands of the Iranian re-gime, including those who have been unjustly detained and those who have remained missing in Iran for more than a decade. In short, this bill is a carefully craft-ed response to Iran’s ongoing aggres-sion in the Middle East. Let me turn to a provision that con-tinues to be misrepresented, and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.008 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3306 June 7, 2017 
involves the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. The IRGC is officially re-sponsible for Iran’s internal security, with a ground force of about 100,000, but like many other quasi-military-po-litical entities in undemocratic coun-tries throughout the world, the IRGC holds enormous influence in Iran’s economy and public affairs. On paper, the IRGC Quds Force is the lead sup-porter of Iran’s terrorist networks around the world, and the United States has designated it as such, but the reality is, the IRGC exercises tre-mendous economic and political power throughout Iran. It pulls the regime’s levers to fund and support terrorists in the Middle East and beyond. That is why our bill specifically calls for ter-rorism-related sanctions on the IRGC, but it does not—let me repeat—it does not, as some have claimed, label the IRGC a foreign terrorist organization. We heard the concerns of our military and intelligence community. Let me repeat. This bill does not label the IRGC as a foreign terrorist organiza-tion. What it does do is require the President to acknowledge the role the IRGC plays in supporting terrorism globally. I know some of my colleagues have expressed concerns as well about whether this bill gives a green light to the administration’s decidedly confrontational approach to Iran, but that is precisely why Congress must step up and define our strategy in the Middle East. We need to look at the big picture here. As the United States and our partners work to build democratic governance structures—promote toler-ance across the region and protect ci-vilians and refugees living under siege—Iran remains aligned with Rus-sia and Syria, actively working to un-dermine U.S. security interests. In-deed, Putin, Assad, and the Ayatollah continue to take advantage of the strife that imperils the region. Mean-while, the world continues to struggle with extremism, with mass migration, and with the largest humanitarian cri-sis since World War II. With this administration unable to articulate a clear vision for American leadership in the world, the time is ripe for Congress to assert its influence in our foreign policy, to provide guidance and expertise, and to develop a frame-work for securing our interests in the Middle East. Now is not the time for Congress to turn a blind eye to Iran’s hostile be-havior. Now is the time for all of us to demand nothing less than vigorous oversight, constant vigilance, and strict enforcement of our entire arse-nal of diplomatic tools, including sanc-tions on Iran. That is our effort—out-side of the nuclear proposal—to make it very clear that you cannot get a green light to do all of these things just because you signed on to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. I think it is important for us to send this mes-sage, and when the appropriate time comes for this vote, I urge my col-leagues to support the measure. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, for a number of years, we have been de-bating healthcare in this country. Clearly, our healthcare system had problems 8 years ago when they started to do healthcare reform. I saw that as a doctor practicing in Casper, WY. Well, then Washington Democrats tried their solution. It is a solution that passed, and it is known as ObamaCare. Republicans said that it wouldn’t work and have been proven right. ObamaCare is too costly. It is collapsing. It is interesting because yesterday, as we were having our pol-icy lunch meetings—Republicans and Democrats—word came out that an-other one of the ObamaCare exchange companies, Anthem, this time in Ohio, was pulling out, leaving about 18 coun-ties, if not more in Ohio, without any-body to sell insurance on the ObamaCare exchange. ObamaCare actually hasn’t solved the problems of America’s healthcare system. In many ways, it has made matters worse. That is why the law has never really had the support of the American people and continues to be unpopular today. It is why more than 19 million people actually chose not to sign up for ObamaCare coverage at all, even in spite of financial incentives to do so and a fine or a tax if you didn’t sign up. So they either paid the fine or they got an exemption. The Democrats, when they come to the floor to talk about healthcare, refuse to talk about those 19 million people who have just said: We want nothing to do with ObamaCare. We are not going to sign up. Give us an exemp-tion. Let us out. They want to talk about people whom they actually have covered by pushing them into a broken Medicaid system, and that is about what has happened here. This expansion through the healthcare law and expanding Med-icaid put many people into a broken healthcare system called Medicaid. It wasn’t working well before ObamaCare, and it has gotten worse. The numbers out there, in terms of physicians tak-ing care of patients, are about one- third—one out of three doctors will not take new Medicaid patients, so it is not a system that is working. It is not a so-lution, but Democrats put more people into that. For people who didn’t end up in Med-icaid and who paid their premiums, those premiums have gone up signifi-cantly. They have doubled in most States, I think, across the board—up about 107 percent over the last 4 years. Thus, the statistics that have come out from the Department of Health and Human Services recently are the sta-tistics the Obama administration, as it left office, didn’t want the American people to see—that rates have doubled across the country and, in some States, much, much higher than that. In my home State of Wyoming, they were up actually higher than the na-tional average has been. People are paying more and more. There were two companies, at one point, that were sell-ing insurance on the ObamaCare ex-change, both losing money. One lost so much that they are no longer in busi-ness. The other is still losing money and still selling on the exchange, but you wonder how long they will stay. Or will they do the sort of thing that An-them had to do in Ohio and the sorts of things we have seen in the Presiding Officer’s home State of Iowa and we have seen in Nebraska and we have seen across the board? Some Demo-crats say: This is a one-term correc-tion; give it time. But it doesn’t seem that it is going to be working that way. There was an article in the paper here, in Washington’s Roll Call, and the headline was—this was last week— ‘‘Insurers Seek Increases for Obamacare Premiums in Early Fil-ings.’’ This is for next year. The article talks about how the insurance compa-nies are starting to say how much they are going to need to charge people next year, which is much higher than it is this year. They are talking about an average increase of about 30 percent. The average premium in the ObamaCare market in Wyoming right now is already more than $7,000 a year for a family. So how much more can people take? That is why I continue to come to the floor and talk about what is the problem with the healthcare law—healthcare and the system. Peo-ple under ObamaCare have seen their deductibles go up, their copays go up, and the choices that they have go down. This is the real problem when we talk about ObamaCare. Then, of course, the other thing is taxes. There are at least 15 new or higher taxes under ObamaCare. So peo-ple aren’t just paying higher pre-miums; they are paying higher taxes, which were supposed to help with the premiums, but it doesn’t seem to be doing so for people all across the coun-try. The Congressional Budget Office has looked at this, and it said that Ameri-cans are going to pay more than $28 billion over the next 10 years on just one tax on prescription drugs. Well, if we are trying to lower the cost of drugs and trying to lower the cost of care, putting a tax like this, as ObamaCare did on prescription drugs, just adds to the problem. It has raised taxes all across the board. I don’t want to go through each and every one of the taxes, but suffice it to say that when President Obama said he would put this program into place and it wouldn’t cost a single 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.010 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3307 June 7, 2017 
dime, he forgot the trillion dollars in new taxes that he added onto the backs of hard-working Americans. So we have had higher taxes, we have had higher premiums, we have had higher out-of- pocket costs from people—this huge tax burden. What has happened is that we need to do a reform. The House has passed re-form, and now in the Senate we are working on passing our own healthcare reform bill. We have been meeting three times a week up to over 5 hours a week for the last month and a half, going through piece by piece of all the different components of the healthcare law, trying to address the issues that are facing the American people, trying to lower the taxes that top the list of what we hear about at home in terms of trying to help people because they are paying more taxes, trying to work to deal with premiums. I am really encouraged by the debate we have been having. I think we have been taking good steps in trying to ad-dress the issues the American public is seeing in terms of higher premiums and fewer choices. I would like to work with the Demo-crats to solve these problems in a bi-partisan way, to talk about how people can actually get healthcare in this country. But what have the Democrats done in response? Well, it is interesting because they want to go to a single- payer healthcare system. Some may deny it, but a majority of the Demo-crats in the House have cosponsored legislation to go to a single-payer healthcare plan. It is modeled, in some ways, after what you are seeing in Cali-fornia. The California State Senate last week passed a bill, which seems to be the drift and the direction and maybe even the tip of the sphere of the Demo-cratic Party efforts. It said: We want single-payer healthcare in California. I served in the Wyoming State Sen-ate, and I know the Presiding Officer served in the State legislative body in her home State of Iowa. We do a fiscal note. We say: What is this going to cost? Is it a good idea? Can we afford it? What are the costs going to be? And the cost for what they proposed in Cali-fornia is $400 billion. Can they afford it? What is the total budget of the State of California? What is their gen-eral fund for the year? It is only $190 billion. So what they are proposing for healthcare alone is over twice what the entire general fund for the entire State of California is. Yet, it passed. It was a party-line vote in the State of Cali-fornia in the State senate, but that is now the position that they are working to do. So it is hard to get cooperation from somebody to work on dealing with a healthcare plan when their plan is to go with more government, more spend-ing, pledging money they don’t have. When I looked at it in California, I said: If they want to do this, they will have to, No. 1, cut spending on other things. When you think about where general funding goes, it is for teachers, law enforcement, public safety, and firefighters. But they would also have to raise taxes significantly to get the money for what they want to promise everybody in this single-payer healthcare plan. I am interested in working in a bipar-tisan way with people, but it is hard to get cooperation from people when their solution is more government, higher taxes, and less freedom. We need a so-lution, and that is what we are working on. I am very happy to say that it has been discussed at length in our con-ference. We had another good meeting about it yesterday, along with the Vice President, focusing on eliminating taxes, getting rid of the mandate that says that people must buy a govern-ment-approved product, giving people additional choices, and giving the States flexibility to make a number of these decisions. I am from a State where agriculture plays a significant role, as is the Pre-siding Officer. I will be at our Wyoming stock growers’ meeting on Friday when I am back home in the State. I was there a couple of years ago after ObamaCare passed, talking to people who had insurance that worked for them and worked for their families, but they lost it, not because they couldn’t afford to pay for what they had but be-cause what President Obama and the Democrats forced through in Congress said it wasn’t good enough for them. Under the mandate, as to what my friends and neighbors and folks around Wyoming have been saying was good enough for them and they could afford, President Obama said it wasn’t good enough for them. Who is the better judge of what is good for a family in Iowa or Wyoming—President Obama and the Democrats or the family there in Iowa or Wyoming who is making the decision about what works best for them and their families? I am sure I am going to hear more about it at the stock growers’ meeting on Friday, when I hear from families who say: What we had worked, but lost it be-cause it wasn’t allowed to be sold any-more. The President said it wasn’t good enough for me. One woman said to me: Tell the President that I can make the decisions for myself. I don’t need his help—referring to President Obama. So we will continue to work toward the goal of making sure that we have people who can get the insurance and care they need from a doctor they choose at lower costs. That is what we needed with healthcare reform. That is what we didn’t get with ObamaCare. We got higher costs and fewer choices. Across the board right now, it looks like in 7 out of 10 counties in this coun-try, people are down to one or two choices—hardly a market. In many places it is a monopoly now. After the news that came out yesterday from An-them in Ohio and some of the news that we see from Iowa and neighboring Nebraska, we are going to find that many places will find themselves with no options available. Even with the subsidies that the Democrats had promised to help deal with the high premiums they have caused, there may be nobody to sell the insurance even when the subsidies are available. So I come to the floor, as I do just about every week, to talk about the situation with the Obama healthcare law, the challenges the American peo-ple face, and our commitment to help provide relief and rescue the American people from what has happened to them under President Obama’s healthcare law. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important words in our Constitu-tion are the first three—‘‘We the Peo-ple’’—written in a beautiful script and written in a font size so that one can see it from across the room. They set out the mission statement for our Con-stitution, for our vision of govern-ment—not government of, by, and for the privileged and the powerful but government of, by, and for the people, as President Lincoln so eloquently summarized. It is our responsibility as elected of-ficials to look out for decisions that serve this mission of government of, by, and for the people, to fight in times of trouble for policies that provide a ladder of opportunity and a foundation for families to thrive. But at this very moment, a secret group of 13 Senators is devising a healthcare plan with the intention of bringing it to this floor with no public debate, no committee meeting, and no public notice. They want to just bring it to the floor, have a few hours of debate, and put it for-ward, even though it will affect mil-lions of Americans. It probably will hurt millions of Americans, but the se-cret 13 want to craft this policy. And why in secret? Because they are plot-ting a plan that will hurt so many peo-ple, they don’t want the public in-volved in the process. They don’t want to hear from the citizens from rural America or urban America who are so concerned about the TrumpCare bill— the bill that will immediately destroy healthcare for 14 million Americans; the bill that will immediately under-mine the solvency and success of our rural healthcare clinics and our rural hospitals; the bill that breaks every promise the President put forward on healthcare. It breaks the promise that every per-son will be covered, breaks the promise that people with preexisting connec-tions will get the same price as every-one else, breaks the promise that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:29 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.011 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3308 June 7, 2017 
policies will be even better, higher quality. Instead, it guts the essential benefits. It breaks the promise that the insurance will be at a lower cost. In fact, for someone roughly 64 years of age earning about $26,500, their healthcare bill would go from $140 a month to $1,200 a month—a sum that is clearly impossible to pay on an annual income of $26,500. That is why it is being done in secret—because it in-volves broken promise after broken promise, destroying healthcare in every town and hamlet across America. That is quite a contrast to the way ObamaCare was forged. ObamaCare had a yearlong debate. It proceeded to be in committee markup—that means with amendments being offered—in the HELP Committee for about 5 weeks, with television cameras rolling and 150 Republican amendments accepted dur-ing that process. Then the Finance Committee had its turn, and it had a very long markup, and it had dozens and dozens, if not 100 or more, Repub-lican amendments adopted. The debate was all over the country. It was in the newspapers. It was in every forum. It was right there, square center, nothing hidden. But this is quite different. The majority leader today has started the rule XIV process, specifically intending to bypass those Senate committees and bring the TrumpCare bill to the Senate floor, completely bypassing govern-ment of, by, and for the people. This is unacceptable. I think my col-leagues know it is unacceptable, but they are hoping to do it so quickly and so fast that they will have a minimum of criticism across the country. There should be a maximum amount of criti-cism on the floor of the Senate. Every Senator who believes that this democ-racy—this democratic Republic—is one in which we do the people’s work should see the light of day. The debate should see the light of day in the forg-ing of the bill, as well as the final de-bate here on the floor. We know another reason this bill— this replacement or addition or modi-fication of the House bill—is being crafted in secret. That is because the very premise of it is to give a massive tax break to the wealthiest Americans, another promise broken in which Trump said that this would not be done. But there it is, TrumpCare out of the House, $600 billion given away to the richest Americans while dev-astating healthcare for working Ameri-cans. Has no one noticed that we have an incredible gap in income in this coun-try, with massive numbers of people earning very little and a few at the top earning massive amounts? Has no one noticed that we have a huge wealth gap in this Nation, with those at the bot-tom having few, if any, savings and those at the top having billions upon billions? If we have noticed, then we should care that that is not a founda-tion for families to thrive. Indeed, it is something that is only made much worse in a bill that takes away the foundation of healthcare—essentially, the quality of life for families across America—and, in turn, takes the sav-ings and gives it to the wealthiest fam-ilies. There is a reason to hide this bill. There are a lot of reasons to hide this bill. But it is undemocratic to have this secret group developing this bill with an intention to bring it to the floor without a committee hearing, without public exposure. Folks back home are very worried, and I would like to share a few of their stories. Lynda of Talent, OR, who survived her battle with stomach cancer, thanks to the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion—Lynda’s friend wrote to share her story. Lynda was a self-em-ployed plumber, working hard to get her business off the ground, but she was diagnosed with stage IV stomach cancer. Lynda couldn’t afford insur-ance, and she and her husband couldn’t afford to pay for treatment out of pocket because they were already pay-ing off enormous debt from care her husband had received. So what did Lynda do? She ignored the symptoms. She tried to go about her life as best as she could. As her friend wrote, ‘‘She would have died rather than take on more debt that she was not sure she could pay.’’ But that changed with the Affordable Care Act the day Lynda found out she would re-ceive coverage under the Oregon Health Plan—Oregon’s Medicaid expan-sion. Now there is good news to share. Lynda received treatment. She has been cancer-free for almost a year, and her friend describes this as ‘‘nothing short of a miracle.’’ ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, delivered a mir-acle to an individual who was planning just to die rather than get treatment and then could get treatment, thanks to Medicaid expansion, and is now in remission. TrumpCare is being reworked in se-cret by 13 of my colleagues out of pub-lic sight. It wants to strip away that expansion of Medicaid, wants to rip away the chance for people like Lynda to receive lifesaving care. Yvonne from Elmira, OR, sent a note to us about the high-risk pools that Republicans want to institute under TrumpCare. She says: 
Before the ACA existed, I was in our state’s high risk pool because no company would in-sure me because I had Asthma and had an ovary removed because of cysts. The $1500 deductible and $550 per month was hard to pay and then it only covered 70%. When I was severely injured in an accident and required reconstructive surgery I ended up bankrupt. 
But then, 2 years ago, she qualified for the Oregon Health Plan. Now Yvonne has her medical needs covered at an affordable price and can’t be de-nied coverage or charged a higher pre-mium because of her preexisting condi-tions. Yvonne, like so many others, would suffer under the Republican plan to strip away the protection for pre-existing conditions. She has had an ac-cident, she has had an ovary removed, she has had asthma. It would be ex-traordinarily difficult for her to get in-surance without the protection of ev-eryone being in the same healthcare pool together. If she could get insur-ance—which is not at all clear—it would be at sky-high, unaffordable prices. Bernard from Portland wrote to us. He said that an important thing that often gets lost in this whole debate over the future of the Affordable Care Act is the support it gives for Ameri-cans to innovate. In 2011, Bernard in Portland chose to leave his job and pursue his passion of becoming a freelance artist. Here is what he said, in his words: With my departure, I left behind the secu-rity of medical coverage. For two years, I was not covered by medical insurance, and fortunately nothing happened, but that is a gamble nobody should have to take. And it’s a gamble that I could take being under 40 years old, and in relatively good health. A person should not have to stay in a job they may not even like, and could be better filled by someone else, just for fear of not having medical coverage. 
He is right. One of the powerful things that has occurred under ObamaCare is that individuals worked for firms and wanted to become entre-preneurs but were afraid to do so be-cause of the loss of healthcare cov-erage, but now, either through the ex-pansion of Medicaid or through the ex-changes, they can acquire insurance without being part of a large company. That has unleashed entrepreneurship across the country. People are pur-suing their dreams and contributing to the economy in all kinds of ways be-cause they can now access healthcare without being part of a company that provides healthcare. Eventually, Bernard was able to af-ford a basic coverage plan. But it didn’t provide much, and it cost a significant portion of his income, but it all changed with the ACA. An October 2016 survey of American small businesses and a January 2017 followup survey found that one-third of 5,400 small business owners interviewed had the confidence to start their own businesses because they had access to healthcare through the ACA. Accord-ing to the Department of Labor, be-tween 2013 when the ACA went into ef-fect and the end of 2015, the number of self-employed Americans increased by 3.5 percent. These are just different ways of not-ing what we hear about all the time— people launching their entrepreneurial efforts, launching their companies be-cause of the confidence they have that they can get healthcare. That is the powerful unleashing of creativity. It is an economic engine. It is a small busi-ness driver. Lisa from Phoenix also wrote to share her powerful story. Lisa’s daugh-ter suffers from cerebral palsy and epi-lepsy, so Lisa has stayed home and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.014 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3309 June 7, 2017 
cared for her for the last 15 years while her husband worked. Now, thanks to ACA’s Medicaid expansion, her family has been able to hire in-home help and it has been transformative. Lisa’s daughter has become more connected to the community, gained new skills and independence, is con-tributing to household chores, and has shown a great deal more vitality and engagement since the family was able to get some assistance. It has gotten to the point where Lisa can start think-ing about her own needs a bit more. In fact, for the first time in quite a while, she is considering taking on a job out-side her home to help provide more in-come. The ACA isn’t just saving lives in emergency health situations or by ad-dressing diseases. It is improving the quality of life for millions of American families like Lisa’s. I will share one more constituent story today. It is hard to pick just one more because there are so many stories coming in each and every day. As we continue to talk about the assault on the health and peace of mind of mil-lions of Americans, I will be coming back to the floor to share those stories coming in from other Oregonians. But this last story comes from Warren in Tigard, OR. Warren and his wife Joyce have been happily married for over 60 years, but in the last few years, Joyce has been suffering from Alzheimer’s. Joyce’s dis-ease has progressed very far. Among other things, she has lost her mobility, much of her cognition, and she is wheelchair bound. Her condition has progressed so far that Warren and the home caregivers who were helping him care for his wife just couldn’t meet the need requirements any longer, so they admitted Joyce to a nearby adult care facility, where she is now secure, sta-ble, and comfortable. But, as we know, the kind of care Joyce is receiving is expensive. Warren writes: 
This care costs $4,000 per month. Our long- term care insurance is currently covering most of this cost, but only about 4 months’ worth of insurance coverage remains. So we will have to obtain Medicaid coverage for her continued care. But proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act could jeopardize this coverage. I have not anticipated this disastrous change, but fear it would be a tragedy for both of us. 
Yes, it would be a tragedy for Warren and for Joyce to have TrumpCare pass and dismantle Medicaid and dismantle the exchanges. It would be a tragedy for so many others in similar situa-tions across the country. Many people don’t realize that Med-icaid helps pay for nursing home care for more than half of the nursing home residents—residents like Joyce. But here is TrumpCare, planning to cut $880 billion in direct Medicaid spending. It is basically: Well, too bad Warren and too bad Joyce. We want to save some money so we can give big tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans. I must say, there is not a lot of car-ing in that perspective. It embodies a principle, but is it really the principle we want in the United States of Amer-ica—the principle that the goal of the majority party is to take away from those who have little to give more to those who have most? Is that really the principle my Republican colleagues want to embrace on the floor of the Senate? Is that really the principle the secret 13 with their secret meetings out of public sight to develop a new version of TrumpCare want to embrace? I would suggest that is simply wrong. It is wrong from the point of view of pro-viding an opportunity for all Ameri-cans to thrive. It is wrong from a moral point of view to pull healthcare—and the peace of mind that comes with healthcare—out of the hands of struggling Americans and working Americans across our country. Finally, I want to address one more issue. We heard earlier today that An-them is pulling out of Ohio. Why are they pulling out? Because of President Trump. Why is that connected? Be-cause he refuses to confirm that his ad-ministration will make the cost-shar-ing reduction payments that have been part of the Affordable Care Act. Those payments reduce the premiums. Those payments proceed also to reduce the level of deductibles so you get more care sooner. So insurance companies don’t know whether to raise their in-surance policy a little or a tremendous amount, and that instability means they simply can’t price their policies. In addition, my Republican col-leagues have assaulted the risk quar-ters, or reinsurance programs, that make it possible for an insurance com-pany to go into a new market and know that if they get a dispropor-tionate share of sick patients, they will get compensated for that risk and that result. So that reinsurance is essential for more companies to be in a par-ticular market. Moreover, the administration pro-ceeded to not spend the money on ad-vertising in the last stage of signups and reduced the number of people who were in the markets. So that is another assault on the stability of health insur-ance in America. This is a deliberate, straight-out effort to undermine healthcare in America to the disadvan-tage of millions of Americans. It is being done by the President without any action even happening on TrumpCare here in the Senate. It is wrong. It is hurting a lot of people, and the President should stop. With that, I conclude my comments. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask permission to speak under leadership time for a brief moment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. With respect to the pending vote on the Iran sanctions bill, I want to be very clear. Democrats will vote to ad-vance this bill to the floor because most of us support the bill but also be-cause we expect an amendment process that will follow for a vote on a strong package of Russia sanctions. I have talked to the Republican leader about this. He is amenable to that. Our Republican colleagues should re-alize it will be very difficult to gather Democratic support for final passage of this bill until we deal with Russia sanctions. We feel strongly that we need a tough, effective package of Rus-sia sanctions to move alongside the Iran sanctions. We are currently nego-tiating to that end. I have faith that the majority leader and I, along with Chairman CORKER , Chairman C RAPO , Ranking Member C
ARDIN , and Ranking Member B
ROWN , will be able to agree on a way forward that allows for a final vote on Iran sanctions alongside a strong and effective package of Russia sanctions. With that, I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. Todd Young, Joni Ernst, Bill Cassidy, Ron Johnson, Tom Cotton, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, Pat Roberts, Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, Lu-ther Strange, James M. Inhofe, Mike Crapo, Shelley Moore Capito, John Cor-nyn, Bob Corker, John Barrasso. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 722, a bill to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 91, nays 8, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.015 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3310 June 7, 2017 
[Rollcall Vote No. 140 Leg.] YEAS—91 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—8 
Carper Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Merkley Paul Sanders Udall 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 91, the nays are 8. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, on rollcall vote No. 140, I voted yea. It was my intention to vote nay. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to change my vote since it will not affect the outcome of the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The foregoing tally has been changed to reflect the above order.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues to speak about the need to ensure that the policies that we make in this Chamber work for and support rural America. Senators S
TABENOW , HEITKAMP , and I are all from the Midwest—the heart-land. We represent the people who are truly in the middle of this country— the middle of the country economi-cally, politically—and who are often middle-income people who need rep-resentatives who are focused on what matters to them. Each year I visit all 87 counties in my State, and I hear a lot. I hear about dads who can’t be sure their sons or daughters will have the support they need to take over the family farm when the time comes, small business owners who can’t get a broadband connection, moms who can’t figure out how to pay for their kids’ prescriptions when the costs go up, and manufacturers who can’t find workers to fill jobs. Rural America has been left behind. The poverty rate in their areas for kids is higher than it is in urban areas. Businesses may not invest when they can’t get reliable internet access or they can’t get the right people to sup-port their operation. Housing is hard to come by. We should be focused on supporting our farmers and ensuring that people can raise a family in a small town and have the healthcare they need. We should be making sure that high-qual-ity education is attainable and that job training options are available and af-fordable. We should be able to provide every person in this country with a clear path to a good job. Unfortunately, from the administra-tion we have seen a disconnect between rhetoric and policy. We have seen a budget that hits the heartland with 21 percent cuts in the Department of Ag-riculture—cuts to grant programs that support rural homeownership, provide clean drinking water and wastewater systems, and promote access to critical services such as rural hospitals. It eliminates rural business programs that help create hundreds of thousands of jobs. If enacted, these cuts would have a damaging impact on rural com-munities throughout the country. Rural communities help our country get ahead. They are the backbone of our country. We need to work to find common ground on these issues, and we need a budget that helps and not hurts the heartland. I see my colleague from Michigan, Senator STABENOW , is here as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I want to first thank my friend and col-league, the senior Senator from Min-nesota, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR . She is a very important part of our Senate Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry Com-mittee. She provides tremendous lead-ership. We both come from great ‘‘M’’ States. So it is always great to have an opportunity to be part of sharing re-marks on such an important topic. I am also pleased to state that Senator H
EITKAMP will be joining us today, as well, from another very important rural State. Michigan small towns and rural com-munities embody much of our State’s way of life and drive our economy for-ward. I grew up in one of those small towns, in Clare, in Northern Michigan. I believe that towns like mine should be celebrated and strengthened. We want young people to go to college and feel that there is a future to come home to, either back to the farm or the small business or participating in the community or maybe working at the local hospital, but being part of con-tinuing this important way of life. People in our communities deserve every opportunity to be able to raise their families with well-paying jobs and a high quality of life, like everyone in every part of Michigan and all across the country wants to have, but many rural areas and many small towns face unique challenges in devel-oping and maintaining infrastructure. Broadband. We now need to make sure that the farm at the end of the road is connected with high-speed internet. At one point in our country’s history, it was the telephone. It was electric poles and being able to connect the farm at the end of the road to the rest of the community. Now it is high- speed broadband, and it is critically important that that happen. Providing high-quality health serv-ices and education. My mother was a nurse—the director of nursing—at the small hospital in Clare for many, many years. So I know how important not only healthcare was and making sure there were doctors in our town but also making sure there were jobs, because one of the top employers in our com-munity was the hospital. That remains true today. When the Trump administration re-leased its budget proposal at the end of the month, frankly, I was shocked to see the kinds of disinvestments and sharp cuts that would hurt small towns like Clare and rural communities all across Michigan and all across the country. No matter which part you look at, President Trump’s budget is bad for rural Michigan, and it is bad for rural America. First, the budget calls for a 21-per-cent cut to the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture, which is our second largest industry. One out of four jobs in Michi-gan is connected to agriculture and the food economy. In the President’s budg-et, it was decided that the third largest cut to any Federal agency would be in the Department of Agriculture. This will dramatically reduce and eliminate very key rural development services. The budget would zero out funding for water and sewer infrastructure projects, which is amazing to me. I can drive from one end of Michigan to the other and see communities in which rural development has made all the dif-ference in supporting the ability to have clean water and water and sewer systems, as well as other important in-frastructure. This program has im-proved nearly 6,000 rural water sys-tems, including many in Michigan. There is an extremely high demand for upgrading water and sewer systems across the country. Right now, the USDA has a backlog of nearly 1,000 ap-plications from small towns that need to improve their water systems. President Trump’s answer, as part of his infrastructure package, is to say that this will come from not sup-porting rural communities ourselves but leaving it up to Wall Street inves-tors or, maybe, foreign countries to in-vest in our water systems, like Saudi Arabia or China. The fact is that Wall Street investors are not investing in rural communities. I would argue that that is not a good strategy anyway. We know that, when you depend on that kind of a strategy—foreign country in-vestor or Wall Street investor efforts— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.001 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3311 June 7, 2017 
those investments are not being done in small towns like the one in which I grew up. Towns with populations of a few hundred people cannot afford the high interest rates—or the toll roads, by the way—that come with a lot of the projects in this kind of approach. The budget also undermines rural jobs and businesses in communities in which unemployment is already too high. The USDA’s small business loans are eliminated under the President’s budget. Again, I can go from commu-nity to community around Michigan and see wonderful small businesses op-erating with the support of rural devel-opment loans. These are programs that have saved almost 800,000 jobs and have helped finance more than 107,000 busi-nesses in the last 8 years alone. This proposal that the White House put out also jeopardizes what I talked about earlier, which is rural broadband, or high-speed internet, for communities in order to access edu-cation, rural healthcare, and telemedi-cine, as well as addressing issues like resources to curb the opioid epidemic. Last year, the FCC found that 39 per-cent of rural Americans—that is, roughly, 23 million people—lack access to high-speed internet service. This is astounding to me when we look at this as a challenge that we have in 2017. President Trump’s budget also tar-gets the farm bill directly for $231 bil-lion in cuts. We work together on a strategy for a 5-year economic develop-ment plan. We do it on a bipartisan basis. It will be time to bring that up again next year. That 5-year process gives certainty to our farmers and communities and those interested and committed to conservation and bio-energy and all of the other provisions in the farm bill. To see—outside of this 5-year period and our bipartisan proc-ess—the Trump administration come in and target these funds for a cut of $231 billion, again, is shocking to me. If that were to pass, it would be impos-sible for us to write the next farm bill next year. Cutting crop insurance by $29 billion would take away critical support for farmers right at a time of low com-modity prices. We moved from sub-sidies to risk management in crop in-surance in the last bill, saving tax-payer dollars. We made a commitment to farmers purchasing insurance, where they are writing a check for the insur-ance bill instead of getting a subsidy during good times, but you have the in-surance if there is a weather event, if commodity prices are low, if there is another challenge like we are seeing today for our farmers. Our farmers also need export oppor-tunities in order to sell their products, which are in high demand around the world. We have to be able to sell agri-cultural products. The budget elimi-nates important market-access pro-grams to help our farmers sell. Simply put, cuts to these programs mean lower economic growth, less development, less opportunity, and a lower quality of life in small towns in Michigan and all across rural America. Our small towns and rural commu-nities deserve better, and we are stand-ing here today as advocates and voices for them. We know, as farm prices are down nearly 50 percent from their highs just a few years ago and pro-ducers are struggling to make ends meet, that these are challenging times, and we need to understand that. We need to write a farm bill and focus on those areas to support our farmers and growers. We know there are those like our dairy farmers, in particular, who are in challenging times, and we need to make sure we are addressing their concerns as well. Rural America is the economic back-bone of the country. Somebody has to grow something, and somebody has to make something. Otherwise, you do not have an economy. That is what happens in rural Michigan and rural America. Yet we also know that too many communities are still struggling to recover from the great recession. From my perspective, I join with the 500 groups from every part of agri-culture, the food economy, nutrition, and conservation groups—everyone in-volved in the food economy—in saying that we cannot afford additional cuts to agriculture, rural communities, and other parts of the farm bill that sup-port our ongoing economy. It is critically important that we stand with those in every small town in Michigan and across our country in saying that we understand and are partners with you in making sure that, when you work hard, you have the quality of life for yourself and your family that you deserve, and we are going to do our part to make sure that support is there. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, while I join Senator S
TABENOW in her remarks, I want to thank her for her tremendous leadership on the Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry Com-mittee and for working across the aisle with Chairman R
OBERTS . The two of them, I have no doubt, will be able to come to an agreement and keep work-ing on getting an even stronger farm bill. It took some Herculean efforts to get the last farm bill done, and it would not have happened without her. I appreciate what she said about the importance of the farm bill and the USDA. I would also add another important pillar of strong rural economics, and that is job training. Starting with high school, I think we all have to come to grips with the fact that not every kid wants to get a 4- year degree. In fact, we have so many openings across this country—millions of job openings—whether it be on a plant floor, whether it be as a plumber or as a welder, that can be obtained with a 1-year or a 2-year degree. My own sister did not graduate from high school. She went on, years later, and got her GED, and then she went on to get a 2-year degree. After that, she got 2 more years of training and became an accountant. There is not just one path in America. Part of this is investing in STEM— science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—and doing it early so that kids get a jump start on the jobs of tomorrow. By the way, this is not just your Ph.D.s and Silicon Valley jobs. This also includes blue-collar jobs. I call it blue STEM. There is a shortage, as I said, of welders and auto mechanics, and those can be good-pay-ing jobs. We need to talk about them with dignity, and we have to realize that this is where the openings are. The other piece of this, in addition to training kids in high school, is to make sure we have apprenticeship programs available. This year, a report came out in my State that 68 percent of Min-nesota manufacturers found it was dif-ficult for them to find workers with the right skills and experience. That is up from 40 percent in 2010. I see that Senator HEITKAMP is here. As they are starting to add some more jobs in the oil patch in North Dakota, it is going to become even harder to find Minnesotans to fill some of our jobs because some of them like to go over to North Dakota. Senator C
OLLINS and I have intro-duced a bill called the American Ap-prenticeship Act, which would expand tuition assistance for pre-apprentice-ship and apprenticeship programs. The President has talked about workforce development as being a priority. Yet we have seen a cut of 15 percent in De-partment of Education grants for ca-reer and technical education, as well as a 36-percent cut to Labor Department funding for training and employment services. As I noted before, there is this dis-connect between the rhetoric we hear and what we are reading in the black and white of this budget. I know there are people on both sides of the aisle here, including the Senator from North Dakota, who want to work on bridging that difference and getting a good budget done that really helps rural America. I see Senator H
EITKAMP is here, and I thank her for coming. Senator H
EITKAMP serves on the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee. She was an integral part of the last farm bill and will be an integral part of this as well as in really understanding the economics within a rural State. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I thank my good friend the Senator from Minnesota. She just exists to the east of me. We share a common border, but we also share a common belief that Washington is not devoid of ideas. Somehow, it has just lost the capacity to bring those ideas to fruition. As my great friend the Senator from Min-nesota can attest, there are hundreds— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.022 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3312 June 7, 2017 
and probably thousands—of great ideas for small business, for workers, for im-proving the economic conditions of people in this country that are here, ready for debate, and ready for passage. What is not a formula for success for America is the budget. The President’s budget would devastate rural commu-nities. I am not given to hyperbole, and I am not given to exaggeration, but the absolute, bare fact is that this budget will decimate economic opportunity not only for American agriculture but for economic opportunity and security for rural communities. When we think about North Dakota, it is hard to imagine a State that most of the people in this country would imagine more equated with rural America. I tease A
MYmany times when I tell her: Oh, it is coming up from the Cities, because our big opportunity to travel and to see the sites of the big city really is Minneapolis and St. Paul. But a lot of Minnesota—a lot of west-ern Minnesota in particular, the area that I know about—is engaged in agri-culture, and we share a common bor-der, but we share a common purpose. I wanted to start off by saying that in North Dakota, we understand the value of rural communities. We under-stand the value of investing in agri-culture and infrastructure and how im-portant those things are to boosting our local economy. We see the direct impacts of it on our families, busi-nesses, and towns. Most of us—me included—come from towns of fewer than 100 people. In fact, I am proud to say that growing up, there were nine people in my family, and my family was one-tenth of the population of the small town I lived in. We are proud of that. We are proud of our rural roots, and we are proud that from those life experiences growing up, we learned a lot about compromise, we learned a lot about work ethic, and we learned a lot about the importance of community and working together. We also learned a lot about the im-portance of investment. Without crit-ical investment, our rural communities are at risk, and I think that could have dramatic and drastic ramifications for our State, our counties, our families, and our neighbors. Instead of lifting up rural communities, the Presidential budget pushes us down. Rural communities and the jobs there—including agriculture—are vital to many of the families I know but really families across the country. There are over 30,000 farmers and ranchers in North Dakota who lead the country in producing spring wheat, durum, sunflowers, canola, dry edible beans, flax, honey, and many more spe-cialty crops and grain crops. These farmers feed North Dakota, our coun-try, and the world. In 2015, agriculture contributed more than $9.1 billion to my State’s econ-omy. That may not seem like a lot when we are talking about California, but that is a huge amount when we are talking about North Dakota. About one-third of North Dakota’s jobs are directly tied to agriculture. There are implement dealers, veteri-narians, agriculture retailers, and many more who are closely associated with agribusiness. There are countless other jobs that support these rural communities, such as teachers, fire-fighters, police officers, and more. Since the election, there has been a great deal of talk in Washington about rural America. I think rural America reared up its head in this past election and said ‘‘We are not to be forgotten’’ and they believed they had secured an advocate in Washington in this current administration, only to be basically told otherwise by a Presidential budg-et. So what does the budget mean, and why should we pay attention to it? I think the first thing we need to know about a budget is that it is about prior-ities. It is really a values document. Unfortunately, the President’s budget shows that the administration doesn’t value North Dakota or really, in fact, rural America. In fact, it targets both. Today I want to talk a little bit more specifically about how devastating this budget would be for rural communities across my State and across the coun-try. This budget would slash USDA’s budget by over 21 percent, cutting $231 billion from funding from the farm bill over the next decade. It would specifi-cally cut $29 billion—$29 billion—from crop insurance over the next decade. This is crop insurance our farmers rely on, especially at a time of challenging weather and low commodity prices. Crop insurance helps prevent family farms from going under when disaster strikes. Without an affordable crop in-surance program, a drought or a flood could wipe out the wealth of an entire family and basically bankrupt a family farm. When ranchers and farmers do well, North Dakota does well, and so will all the rest of the country. To challenge these farmers with a crop insurance program that will be nonexistent is to take away the opportunity for food se-curity in this country—food security that is so closely linked and important to national security. By drastically reducing field staff, the President’s budget also prevents USDA from achieving its mission to support rural communities. The budget calls for reducing staffing levels at USDA by 5,200 employees. Nearly 2,500 of those employees are with the Farm Service Agency, Rural Development, and Natural Resources. What does that mean? The Farm Service Agency’s caseloads have increased in North Da-kota, and the current hiring ban has hampered efforts to administer the farm programs—those efforts which are critical to farmers as they make their business decisions. I can’t tell my colleagues the number of times farmers across my State have come up to me and said how grateful they are that the Farm Service Agency is available in their county and avail-able to them to provide advice and much needed documentation on their decisionmaking on how they are going to implement the farm program. In fact, I tease those farmers a little bit, because they always say: You know, that Farm Service gal—usually a woman who has been with the Agency over decades and knows that farm as well as that farmer, and when that farmer walks through the door to get that advice and to get that number, they know that not only do they have a friend sitting across the table from them—probably a neighbor—they also have an advocate sitting across the table. We don’t want to lose that con-nection to this vital service, the Farm Service Agency, by making this about picking up the phone and pressing but-tons and talking to someone who would barely even understand or even know North Dakota or the county the farmer is in. So at a time when farmers and ranchers are already experiencing low commodity prices, these cuts to the Farm Service Agency would limit the ability of that Agency to provide time-ly, accurate, and useful services to our family farmers and our ranchers. The budget would create huge chal-lenges for rural healthcare. On top of the $800-plus billion taken out of the Medicaid Program by the Republican healthcare bill, this budget would also cut $610 billion from Medicaid by re-ducing it to a block grant program. Medicaid is a lifesaving, cost-effec-tive program that enables more than 90,000 seniors, individuals and children with disabilities, and low-income fami-lies to get affordable, quality care. I want my colleagues to think about the enormous challenge of delivering healthcare in a sparsely populated area. One of the challenges my rural healthcare providers have not had in the last many years since the imple-mentation of the Affordable Care Act is uncompensated care. But when we go back to uncompensated care, on top of operating on razor-thin margins, we are now going to say that not only are you operating on razor-thin margins, but you are not going to have your bills paid, making it impossible for you to meet payroll and impossible for you to continue to provide these resources. So we have real challenges in rural healthcare as a result of this budget and the Republican proposal. The President’s budget also cuts nearly $400 million in Federal funds for substance abuse prevention and behav-ioral health workforce training pro-grams at the same time that every part of this country—particularly rural parts of our country—is facing opioid abuse. In North Dakota alone, fatali-ties from opioid abuse have grown 125 percent. I met just yesterday with the North Dakota Medical Association, which told me that every day this week in Fargo, ND, there has been a death as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.023 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3313 June 7, 2017 
result of overdoses. It is hard to imag-ine that is happening in our rural com-munities in places like North Dakota, but it is. I talked to a healthcare provider in Dickinson, ND, who told me that while his average percentage of Medicaid re-cipients in his hospital is about 15 to 20 percent, as it relates to opioids and be-havior and mental health, it is well over 60, bordering on 70 percent. So the population, without Medicaid dollars, would not be able to get important re-habilitation and treatment services. Last week, I also visited one of our rural airports that are dependent on the Essential Air Service. That is abso-lutely critical to maintaining air serv-ice in Jamestown, in Devil’s Lake, and now in Dickinson, which has gone back to Essential Air Service after years of not needing that support because of the growth in the Bakken oilfield. Last week, while talking to the folks in Dickinson, they told me there are 475 jobs which are dependent on the airport, which helped generate $76.6 million for the area in 2015. The Dick-inson Airport would receive about $4.2 million in assistance from the Essen-tial Air Service each year, but when we look at how that investment pays off in terms of dividends, it seems like a small price to pay. It would eliminate funding to protect water programs and infrastructure in rural areas which have improved water and wastewater systems for more than 40 North Dakota towns, Tribal reserva-tions, and water districts since 2010. This budget would also eliminate the Community Development Block Grant Program, which helped the State of North Dakota improve housing condi-tions for low- and moderate-income families with $4.9 million in invest-ments in 2016. It would eliminate the Economic De-velopment Administration, which has provided over $34 million in invest-ments since 2009 to local economic de-velopment organizations in North Da-kota, particularly those in rural towns. The list goes on and on and on. We haven’t talked about the reduction in services for export markets. We haven’t talked about research reduc-tions at USDA and what that would mean. We haven’t talked about elimi-nating trade assistance. All of these things have huge consequences for large pieces of the United States of America. What I would say to the administra-tion is that rural America expects bet-ter. Rural America thought they were going to get better than this. Rural America has enough challenges. We have volatile commodity prices, healthcare shortages, declining popu-lations, and I will tell my colleagues that today in North Dakota, there is a potential disaster from drought. The President’s budget would not only not help rural America thrive, it would only make matters worse. Rather than taking an ax to proven, successful programs that strengthen our rural communities, we need strong investments in rural communities, jobs, and families, that help support North Dakota’s future. With this budget, the administra-tion’s priorities are clear for everyone to see. It is now Congress’s job to set spending priorities and fund programs in rural America to a level so that we know rural America can not only sur-vive but can thrive. North Dakota needs and deserves a strong voice at the table. I will make sure that we tell the story of all of these programs, that we tell the story of how critically important these pro-grams are to maintaining our oppor-tunity to produce food in our country but also to raise our children in rural settings. It is beyond belief to me that we are in this situation given the level of support that rural America provided to this administration and to this President during the last election. We know we can do better, and we will do better. We know we can’t waste money. We know we have to deploy these valuable resources in ways that actually produce results. I can show my colleagues result after result after result and the importance of providing these services so that rural commu-nities can thrive. I will close with this: A little-known fact is that so many of our rural com-munities today are the most impover-ished places in America. When people think of poverty, they think of inner city poverty, they think of other pieces of America they have seen, but we know that the rates of poverty, the rates of challenges in terms of healthcare, education—those chal-lenges are much greater in rural Amer-ica. The last thing we need to do is sad-dle rural America with a 500-pound rock, put it on their backs, and still ex-pect them to thrive. This budget is a 500-pound rock on the backs of our farmers who work every day to put food on their table, but more impor-tantly, work every day to feed Amer-ica. With that, I yield the floor and turn it back to my friend from the State of Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I again thank Senator H
EITKAMP for her understanding not just of farm policy but also the importance of keeping towns strong, manufacturing strong, and transportation strong. I will note that the infrastructure portions of this budget are very con-cerning. The point has been made by others that right now, under the pro-posed budget, at a time when our dete-riorating infrastructure is costing our economy a lot of money—not just con-gestion, not just potholes, but in delay-ing getting goods to market—unfortu-nately, this budget proposal would cut funding for vital transportation pro-grams. It will eliminate funding for the TIGER Grant Program. Currently, the program provides $500 million per year to help fund local transportation prior-ities. It eliminates funding for Essen-tial Air Service, which helps support commercial air service to rural air-ports. It eliminates the Federal Transit Administration’s Capital Investment Grant Program, which funds light rail, heavy rail, commuter rail, street car, and bus rapid transit projects. We can’t wait any longer to make critical in-vestments in our infrastructure. Probably right up there with any of these infrastructure needs in rural America is broadband. Internet access is a great equalizing force for creating jobs and leveling the playing field. There is a big digital gap when it comes to rural America. I know the percentages; close to 40 percent of Americans in rural areas do not have access to high-speed broadband. It used to be that slow speed would be OK if someone were trying to email their kid in school maybe 10, 15 years ago, but this is not true anymore. Now, if you want to do your work, if you want to go to the hospital—whatever you want to do in rural America, you are going to have to have high-speed internet. I think about the doctor in Brainerd, MN, who for so long could look at x rays in the hospital but couldn’t look at them in his home. If he had some emergency and wanted to talk to some-one when he got home that evening, he had to go to the McDonald’s parking lot to be able to do that. There was a student at one of our res-ervations who got Wi-Fi in his house, looked out the window, and all of a sudden all these kids were doing their homework in his front yard. That is just not right. Rural Americans de-serve equal footing so they can launch new businesses, export their goods, or just Skype with their loved ones. This is about the farm bill, yes, but it is also about this budget and making sure this budget works for all Ameri-cans and leaves no one behind. Sadly, these cuts are specifically tar-geted at rural America. That is why we are going to fight to make sure, hope-fully on a bipartisan basis with col-leagues on the Republican side, we produce a budget that is fair to every-one. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. (The remarks of Mr. F
LAKE per-taining to the introduction of S. 1305 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from New York. (The remarks of Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND and Mr. C
ASSIDY pertaining to the intro-duction of S. 1313 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.025 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3314 June 7, 2017 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to bring two bas-kets of hemp products onto the floor of this body. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL HEMP HISTORY WEEK  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this is National Hemp History Week, a chance to recognize a product that has deep roots going way back in America but faces some of the most anti-farmer, anti-job, unjustifiable policies that are on the American legal books today. Be-cause of its relation to marijuana, hemp can’t legally be grown in Amer-ican fields. Now, hemp is harmless. Hemp grown for industrial use simply does not have marijuana psychoactive properties. You are going to get as high off hemp as you will off a bag of vegetables. But, still, farmers in Oregon and across the country can’t legally grow it. So if America is serious about banning harmless products like hemp, just be-cause they are related to drugs, then I have bad news for fans of poppy seed muffins. This is the third year I have come to the floor during this time—National Hemp History Week—to talk about the importance of industrial hemp, its huge economic potential for hard- working farmers, and the indefensible ban that keeps so many American farmers from growing it. As was the case before, I am joined by Malcolm McGeary from Southern Oregon, where a lot of farmers have an interest in this, to showcase a variety of hemp products in these baskets on the floor because, despite the ban on growing hemp, you can legally import it for use in products sold in stores across the country. What really changed my mind on this was when my wife was pregnant—we are older parents—with our third child, and we went into a Costco store. We went into a Costco store on a weekend at home in Oregon, and there were these big bags of hemp hearts, and it said: healthy, good for the blood pres-sure, fiber—everything that one would expect in Pennsylvania or Oregon. I know the Presiding Officer is one of the most physically fit members of the body. I see him in the gym all the time so he obviously cares a lot about nutri-tion. So Nancy and I were walking through Costco, and it said this giant bag of hemp hearts could be purchased there. You say to yourself: Let me see if I get this straight. The hemp comes from Canada, so the farmers must just be laughing all the way to the bank be-cause they are making money. I get what we do is we put it in bags, and it is sold in Costco. That led me to the really intellectual concept of saying that if you can sell it at a Costco in Or-egon, why can’t our farmers grow it? It is not much more complicated than that. When you are shopping for hemp products, it is not just potato sacks and rough fabric by the yard. There is clothing, lotions and food, hemp milk, nutritional supplements—all these products Mr. McGeary has—used to make soaps, cleaners, and even deck stain. I understand Mr. McGeary may even be wearing a hemp tie. None of these products can be called 100 percent American because every bit of the hemp in these baskets had to be grown someplace else, which is essentially what I described as the Wydens toured Costco at home. When it was imported, it wasn’t an American farmer earning money off that sale. Despite the consumer de-mand for hemp products and the inge-nuity of so many producers who find uses for it, American farmers are cut out of the hemp equation. The ban on hemp is not anti-drug policy. I think that is what has been confusing with respect to this issue. The ban on hemp is not going to ad-vance the cause of being against drugs. It is not anti-drug policy. It is anti- farmer policy, and it is anti-American jobs policy. As I indicated, if you can buy it in a local supermarket, the American farm-er ought to be able to grow it. Yet year after year, despite a lot of work from Members on both sides of the aisle in this body and in the House, hemp re-mains on the controlled substance list. Hemp is not a drug. It is a big oppor-tunity for our farmers. So it is long past time to end these statutory relics of history that cut American farmers out of a valuable market. Despite the fact that hemp continues to be stigmatized by Federal laws, there is some good news and progress. The 2014 farm bill began to chip away at the Federal ban. It OK’d hemp re-search projects led by universities and agriculture departments in States like Oregon and Kentucky that take a smarter approach to hemp. These projects are showing significant suc-cess. Farmers are ready to grow hemp, and States’ agriculture departments are ready to regulate. The first steps, in my view, don’t go far enough, and even some of these early projects remain tied up in red-tape due to the Federal ban. In my view, the only real solution is a legislative solution. So here we have a bipartisan coalition, the kind of coa-lition you see in the U.S. Senate when people really look into the facts and Members decide to make common cause. We have the good fortune of hav-ing the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL of Kentucky, as one of our principal sponsors; Senator P
AUL, his colleague; Senator M
ERKLEY ; and I re-introducing the Hemp Farming Act. We pursued this for a number of years. I introduced it every Congress since 2011. Last year, our bipartisan bill had more than a dozen Senate cosponsors. This year, the goal is to again find common ground to remove hemp from the schedule I controlled substance list, give the go-ahead to farmers across the country who are ready to grow industrial hemp, and, once again, make it a true American crop. I hope my colleagues will join in the effort to celebrate National Hemp His-tory Week. I hope they will use it to learn more about a very versatile crop, a safe crop, and one with really ex-traordinary potential to boost jobs in the economy, in our agricultural sec-tor, and our domestic employment base. This is commonsense legislation. Again, we have the good fortune to be led by the majority leader, the distin-guished Senator from Kentucky, Mr. MCCONNELL . We will be introducing this commonsense legislation very shortly. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise in support of Countering Iran’s Desta-bilizing Activities Act of 2017. For too long, a myopic focus on the Iran deal blinded the United States to Iran’s per-sistent campaign to destabilize the Middle East and undermine America’s national security interests. Iran has been given a free pass to detain U.S. sailors in clear violation of inter-national law, conduct ballistic missile tests in violation of the United Nations resolutions, support terrorist groups across the region, and prop up the mur-derous Assad regime in Syria. It is long past time for the United States and the international commu-nity to hold Iran accountable, not just for its commitments under the nuclear deal but for its destabilizing behavior across the Middle East. This legislation begins to do just that by imposing new sanctions on Iran’s ballistic missile program, applying terrorism sanctions to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, imposing sanctions on Iranians engaged in human rights abuses, and tightening enforcement on arms em-bargoes on the Iranian regime. I thank the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN , for ringing this bill to the floor. They recognize that the United States must not stand idly by when hostile regimes undermine and attack our interests and that of our allies. They recognize that regimes that aid and abet crimes against humanity must be held ac-countable. They recognize that weak-ness in the face of aggression is provoc-ative. These are the reasons we must pass this legislation, but these are also the very same reasons this legislation must be amended to strengthen and ex-pand sanctions against Vladimir Putin’s Russia. In just the last 3 years under Vladi-mir Putin, Russia has invaded Ukraine, annexed Crimea, threatened NATO al-lies, and intervened militarily in Syria, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.034 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3315 June 7, 2017 
leaving a trail of death, destruction, and broken promises in its wake. Last year, Russia attacked the foun-dations of American democracy with a cyber and information campaign to interfere in America’s 2016 election. It has been 8 months now since the U.S. intelligence community publicly con-cluded that the Russian Government had attempted to interfere in our last Presidential election. On October 7, 2016, the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence stated that the ‘‘U.S. intelligence com-munity is confident that the Russian government directed the recent com-promises of e-mails from U.S. persons and institutions, including from U.S. political organizations.’’ The state-ment concluded that ‘‘only Russia’s senior-most officials could have au-thorized these activities.’’ On January 6, 2017, the U.S. intel-ligence community went even further, concluding: 
Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the United States presidential election. Russia’s goals were to undermine public faith in the United States democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency. 
The intelligence community ‘‘did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election,’’ but they did warn that ‘‘Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered cam-paign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election processes.’’ Since January, months of congres-sional hearings, testimony, and inves-tigative work have reinforced these conclusions: that Russia deliberately interfered in our recent election with cyber attacks and a disinformation campaign designed to weaken America and undermine faith in our democracy and our values. Vladimir Putin’s brazen attack on our democracy is a flagrant demonstra-tion of his disdain and disrespect for our Nation. This should not just out-rage every American, it should compel us to action. But in the last 8 months, what price has Russia paid for attack-ing American democracy? Hardly any at all: modest sanctions against a few Russian individuals and entities, some Russian diplomats and spies sent home to Russia, two spy compounds have closed, at least for now—and all of this reversible and at the discretion of the President. What has Russia’s reaction been to America’s tepid response and reaction to its aggressive behavior? More of the same. More aggression, more meddling. Russia attempted to overthrow the democratically elected Government of Montenegro and murder its Prime Min-ister. Russia attempted to interfere in France’s election. We have already seen attempts to influence German public opinion ahead of the elections in September, and there is every expecta-tion that Russia will do the same thing in the Czech Republic, Italy, and else-where in future elections. Sooner or later, my friends, there will be another American election that captures Russian attention and inter-est. The victim may be a Republican or a Democrat. To Putin, it won’t matter because his targets are not Republicans or Democrats but Americans and all that we stand for as a people. He seeks to sow dissent amongst us and divide us from one another, to erode our re-solve to resist his dark and dangerous view of the world, and to undermine our confidence in ourselves and our be-lief in our own values. We must take our own side in this fight—not as Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Americans. It is time to respond to Russia’s attack on American democracy with strength and resolve, with common purpose, and with action. Together with Senator GRAHAM and a number of other Sen-ators, I am prepared to offer an amend-ment to this legislation that will begin to do just that. It incorporates some of the best ideas from different pieces of legislation already introduced in the Senate, ideas that have broad bipar-tisan support. The amendment we are talking about would impose mandatory sanctions on transactions with the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, including the FSB and the GRU, the Russian mili-tary intelligence agency that was pri-marily responsible for Russia’s attack on our election. The amendment would impose man-datory visa bans and asset freezes on any individual who undermines the cyber security of public or private in-frastructure and democratic institu-tions. It would impose mandatory sanc-tions on those who assist or support such activities. The amendment would codify exist-ing sanctions on Russia by placing into law five Executive orders signed by President Obama in response to both Russian interference in the 2016 elec-tion and its illegal actions in Ukraine, and it would take new steps to tighten those sanctions. For example, Russia’s ability to issue new sovereign debt es-sentially allows Russia to borrow money from global capital markets to offset pressure from existing U.S. and European sanctions. So this amend-ment would impose mandatory sanc-tions on U.S. and third-party invest-ment in sales of Russian sovereign debt as well as in the privatization of Rus-sian state-owned assets. The amendment would target the Russian energy sector, which is con-trolled by Vladimir Putin’s cronies, with sanctions on investments in Rus-sian petroleum and natural gas devel-opment as well as Russian energy pipe-lines. We also need to put additional pres-sure on the ability of Putin and his cronies to move money they have looted from the Russian state. So this amendment would mandate that the Secretary of the Treasury establish a high-level task force within the De-partment’s Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network that would focus on tracing, mapping, and prosecuting il-licit financial flows linked to Russia if such flows interact with the U.S. finan-cial system. The task force would also work with liaison officers in key U.S. Embassies, especially in Europe, to work with local authorities to uncover and prosecute the networks responsible for the illicit Russian financial flows. Finally, recognizing that Russia seeks to undermine not just American democracy but Western democracy al-together, this amendment would pro-vide support to the State Department, the Global Engagement Center, and USAID to help build the resilience of democratic institutions in Europe against Russian aggression exerted through corruption, propaganda, and other forms of political interference. We need a strong Russia sanctions amendment. We need it now. We need it on this piece of legislation. We need this amendment because we have no time to waste. The United States of America needs to send a strong mes-sage to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will not tolerate at-tacks on our democracy. There is no greater threat to our freedoms than at-tacks on our ability to choose our own leaders free from foreign interference. So we must act accordingly, and we must act now. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, this body has a dual obligation—to en-sure that there are sanctions against Iran for its destabilizing activity around the region and, indeed, the world but also sanctions against Russia for its interference with our election— one of the core democratic institutions of our Nation—as well as other acts that are hostile to the world order and to world peace. I support S. 722, the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, but I strongly believe it should have Rus-sian sanctions included as well. As the Senate proceeds to this ur-gently needed measure, Iran’s own Par-liament has suffered an ISIS-claimed terrorist attack in Tehran. I condemn that act of terror—one of many the world has suffered because of ISIS. We are at war with ISIS as we are with ter-rorists—extremism—around the world. It intentionally targets civilians. It uses violence to spread terror and de-stabilize the Middle East. ISIS has been a world terror organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.031 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3316 June 7, 2017 
The fact that Iran’s leaders them-selves direct and glorify terrorism against Israel and the United States does not diminish the horror of what has occurred. People of all faiths from an increasingly diverse number of na-tions have become victims of this ter-ror spread by ISIS and Iran. What oc-curred today is, sadly, more evidence that Iran’s unconditional support for Bashar al-Assad is directly counter to the interests of the Iranian people and our ongoing efforts to defeat ISIS. We must hold Iran accountable. We must hold it accountable for its many malign activities through increasing and enforcing strong, targeted sanc-tions. I thank my colleagues, including Senator M
CCAIN, who just spoke so forcefully on the floor, Senator M
ENEN -
DEZ, Senator C ORKER , Senator C ARDIN , as well as other colleagues who have worked on this cause. We must hold Iran accountable for the threat its acts of terrorism pose to our national secu-rity. We must hold it accountable to the threat its missile program holds to our allies, including Israel—our major strategic partner in that region. We must hold Iran accountable for the gross violations of human rights and war crimes that it and Russia together are perpetrating in Syria. In the last few months, Iran has test-ed and fired ballistic missiles, tested a new Russian-made air defense system against missiles, and harassed U.S. ships. It continues to arm and enable the Hamas terrorist organization, the despotic Assad regime, and the supply of weapons to Hezbollah. It has enabled Hezbollah to amass 150,000 rockets and missiles—all aimed at civilians in Israel. Last month, the State Department released a report on Iran’s human rights violations. It continues to show a troubling trend of abuse and notes that Iran has more than 800 political prisoners and that it executed at least 469 people just last year. We know that sanctions must be tar-geted and continually strengthened to deter Iran. This legislation will impose sanctions on Iran for its support of ter-rorism, human rights violations, and ballistic missile development. That in-cludes sanctioning any person who knowingly violates arms embargoes or materially contributes to Iran’s bal-listic missile program. It also includes terrorism-related sanctions on mem-bers of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and its affiliates—going beyond members of the Quds Force, who are already sanctioned. In no way does this sanctions pro-gram contradict or undermine the nu-clear agreement with Iran. That agree-ment provided us and our allies the time and space to now push Iran to end its malign activities without the immi-nent threat of a nuclear weapon. Congress must do everything it can to authorize new measures against Iran and ensure that this new administra-tion effectively enforces them. We must also seize this opportunity to hold Russia accountable as well for its egregious, aggressive behavior and on-going violations of international law. Russia’s cooperation with Iran, in-cluding providing Iran with an S–300 air missile defense system that it re-cently tested, strengthens Iran as it fuels and finances a network of ter-rorism. Under Putin’s direction, Russia both enabled and tried to cover up crimes in Syria. It invaded Ukraine. It illegally annexed Crimea. It attacked and interfered with our democracy. Enough is enough. That is why I urge this body to adopt Russian sanctions as part of S. 722. Sadly and dangerously, our President has proven time and again to be unwilling to hold Vladimir Putin accountable. Congress must en-sure that he does so. It must ensure that Russia receives a clear, unequivo-cal signal through this measure, Sen-ator C
ARDIN ’s Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act, and Senator G
RAHAM ’s Russia Sanctions Review Act, as an amendment to be adopted by this body to the Iran legislation, which I helped author. These measures are critical to sending a message that we will hold Russia accountable for its lawbreaking, its support of terrorism, its inter-ference in our elections, its annexation of Crimea, its invasion of Ukraine, and its violation of the INF Treaty. I can accept nothing short of including these Russia bills to move forward to a final vote. I will support S. 722, but I believe there is a track and a path for this body to do both, and we must do it. The imposition of mandatory sanc-tions codifying former President Obama’s Executive orders regarding Ukraine and malicious cyber activity, as well as targeting individuals and en-tities contributing to Russia’s oil and gas industries, should be part of this final passage. We cannot afford to wait any longer to take action. I am disappointed that the President has seemed disinterested or at least un-willing to join in these sanctions against Russia. Unfortunately, the tes-timony that former Director Jim Comey will deliver tomorrow provides evidence as to possible motive and in-tent in his discussions with Comey that reflect on his apparent willingness to tolerate this aggressive conduct by Russia without holding it accountable. This testimony from Director Comey is an explosive corroboration of the facts that have been reported—that the President asked for loyalty, threat-ening Jim Comey’s job, and tried to in-fluence the FBI’s ongoing criminal in-vestigation on multiple occasions. This conduct shows unequivocally the dis-dain the President has for the rule of law and clearly demonstrates that he believes he and his friends and family are above the law. I am saddened and I am chilled that this harrowing account will be given to the Senate Intelligence Committee rather than, in fact, in a fictional spy novel. Director Comey deserves credit for his willingness to come before the com-mittee, for his apparent candor and truthfulness, and for his resistance to those demands for a pledge of loyalty and an end to the Flynn investigation, even when it meant his firing. His testimony should serve as evi-dence in the investigation led by Rob-ert Mueller but also as evidence that Mr. Mueller must have unimpeded space, resources, and independence to conduct his investigation. I will take action as a member of the Judiciary Committee to seek oversight simply to ensure that those resources are inde-pendent and are safeguarded. With this documented proof, clearly the White House has sought to derail our law en-forcement officials in their enforcing of the law. We must ensure an end to such conduct, and we must send Russia a signal that, in fact, it will be held ac-countable; that the investigation into its meddling in our election will be pursued vigorously and aggressively; that anyone in this country who colluded with or aided and abetted that meddling will be held accountable; and that there will be no obstruction of jus-tice. This goal should unite us across the aisle on a bipartisan basis. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I voted no today on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to proceed to con-sideration of S. 722, the Iran sanctions bill. I did so not because I oppose the un-derlying bill and the need to further sanction Iran’s belligerent missile and terrorist activity; in fact, I support that legislation. I voted no to give a moment’s pause after the terrible ISIS attack in Tehran that just occurred. Earlier today, a pair of deadly at-tacks occurred over several hours in Tehran, including in the nation’s par-liament building, indiscriminately kill-ing at least 12 people and wounding dozens more. The heavily armed assail-ants targeted guards, cleaners, and ad-ministrative employees of the par-liament. ISIS later claimed responsi-bility for this barbaric attack. I certainly have my differences with the Iranian regime, its continued spon-sorship of Hezbollah and Hamas, its threats to Israel, its proxy wars in Yemen and Syria, and its human rights abuses, but we must remember that the Iranian regime isn’t the same as the Iranian people, many of whom ex-pressed sympathy with the American people after we suffered the horrific at-tack on September 11. In fact, the Iranian Government issued a surprisingly strong statement of condemnation of the terrorists re-sponsible after the September 11 at-tack. There was even some hope after those statements that our two nations might work together on other shared inter-ests, although unfortunately, other than the historic nuclear agreement, that has not come to pass. Nevertheless, I think it is important that we pause and reaffirm the state-ment made today by our State Depart-ment that condemns the attack in Iran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.033 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3317 June 7, 2017 
and expresses condolences for the fami-lies and victims. I also think it is critical that we fi-nally take some action here in the Con-gress to address Russia’s attack on our election, which occurred more than 7 months ago. We have overwhelming evidence of this historic attack—an attack that I liken to a cyber act of war. The majority party here in Congress has done nothing to respond to Russia’s aggression or to help protect America against any future such attack on our democracy. President Trump still refuses to ac-knowledge the Russian attack—seem-ingly more interested in befriending the Russians and complaining about former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Comey than convincingly tell-ing Russia to never interfere in our election again or face the con-sequences. This lack of resolve is truly an abdi-cation of our national security respon-sibilities in Congress. As one Polish security expert re-cently warned me, if the United States does not respond to the Russia attack on its own democracy, then Putin will feel emboldened and free to conduct further such attacks against other Western democracies. Sadly, that has already proven true— just look at Russia’s meddling in the recent French, German, and Dutch elections. As we act to address Iran’s troubling missile and destabilizing activity in the Middle East, including its contin-ued threat against Israel, we must also act against Russia, which conducted a cyber act of war against our Nation. We must ensure that existing sanc-tions placed on Russia for its desta-bilizing actions in Ukraine and Europe and its attack on our election are not lifted until such Russian actions are reversed or addressed. I voted no on cloture today—out of respect for the Iranian people who suf-fered the horrific attack today and be-cause I think it is long overdue for the Congress to finally respond to Russia’s attack on our Nation—and stand pre-pared to support the final Iran sanc-tions bill after addressing these mat-ters. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, Donald Trump has decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change. This is a decision that may prove to be one of the worst foreign policy blunders in our Nation’s history. There is no denying the mounting threat of climate change. We observe rising seas, warming global tempera-tures, and melting glaciers and ice sheets. Yet the President cast aside a historic global agreement forged through American leadership. Americans now ask what to do next. For individual citizens, my answer is simple: Take action. Join an environ-mental group. Support science and sci-entists. Organize in your community. Many Americans have been publicly pledging to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement through movements like the ‘‘I am still in’’ pledge. Every ac-tion, big and small, counts. American corporations must also act. Unfortunately, they have been AWOL in the politics of climate change. This has been so frustrating because so many of them have great climate prin-ciples. They just abandon them when they come to Washington. That is why, for my 169th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, I have a message for corporate America: First, know that you are hugely in-fluential in Congress. You command extraordinary attention in our polit-ical system. This gives you a unique power against the Breitbart fake-news spigot, the shameless fossil fuel indus-try, and the Koch brothers’ climate de-nial operation, which were all behind the President’s fateful decision. President Trump’s brain-dead with-drawal from the Paris accord may prove to be for the best if it creates heightened political interest in climate action from American business leaders. At the moment, corporate political in-terests in climate action, setting the fossil fuel industry aside entirely, still averages out below zero. As a Senator, I see corporate Amer-ica’s lobbying efforts in Congress first-hand. Here are some highlights: Silicon Valley lobbies through an or-ganization called TechNet. TechNet represents Goliaths, like Microsoft, Apple, Google, and Facebook, all of which have great climate policies. TechNet also represents clean energy companies, like Sunrun, Bloom En-ergy, and SolarCity. TechNet came again this year to lobby Congress on its six priorities. Here is a page from the actual lobbying materials that TechNet brought to our meeting. The group’s Federal policies are these: tax reform, high-skilled im-migration reform, education and work-force development, entrepreneurship and job creation, smart infrastructure, and digital trade. Climate change did not make it onto TechNet’s priorities list. Even clean energy failed to make it onto the list of the organization that includes Bloom Energy, SolarCity, and Sunrun. This is not a matter of these giants being cowed by the Trump administra-tion. TechNet came last year when Obama was President, and climate change was not on their agenda then, either. Indeed, the week TechNet came last year, I also had a visit from the timber and lumber industry. Despite what climate change is doing to Amer-ica’s forests, climate change was not on the lumber and timber industry agenda. That very same week, the property casualty insurance industry came to meet me. These insurance companies write the big checks when climate change sends Mother Nature haywire. Climate change was not mentioned by this industry, either. That was quite a week. Big business lobbying on climate change is actually worse than zero be-cause the big business trade associa-tions and lobbying groups are often run by the fossil fuel industry. Green en-ergy manufacturers, represented in Washington, DC, by the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers, will find their own association lined up against them on climate change. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is one of cli-mate action’s most implacable en-emies, despite the good climate poli-cies of so many companies on its board. These lobby groups are the most per-sistent voices of America’s business community here in Congress. They are the ones who are most active, and they are constant enemies on clean energy and climate action—despite the compa-nies they represent—because, in truth, they answer to the fossil fuel industry, not the business community, when it comes to climate change. Here is how this can play out. Coca- Cola and PepsiCo are the two biggest beverage companies in America. Both have excellent climate policies. Pepsi even supports Ceres, a fledgling busi-ness lobbying group for climate action, but their trade association, the Amer-ican Beverage Association, takes no lobbying interest in climate change. It knows how to lobby. We can see the lobbying expenditures run up in 2009 and 2010, when they were concerned about Congress’s taxing sweetened drinks or corn syrup. It just takes no interest in climate issues. Worse, Coke and Pepsi run money through the American Beverage Asso-ciation to the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce. Add their lobbying all up, and Coke and Pepsi do virtually nothing themselves. A few ounces of credit go to Pepsi for supporting Ceres. Their American Beverage Association trade group doesn’t lift a finger to help, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is a brute force adversary. The result is that the net lobbying presence of Coke and Pepsi in Congress on climate change is exactly opposed to the two companies’ stated policies on climate change. They say one thing; their lobbying effort does the opposite. On the other side of the fossil fuel di-vide, the heavy political hand of the fossil fuel industry is felt constantly around here, and that heavy hand is mercilessly opposed to any climate ac-tion and enforces its will with a parade of political weaponry akin to those old Soviet May Day parades of tanks, rock-ets, and artillery. Cross them, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.005 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3318 June 7, 2017 
come after you hard. Ask former Con-gressman Bob Inglis. He urged his fel-low Republicans to heed the climate science and was hammered for it. Also, no one should buy the phony as-sertions by Big Oil CEOs that they rec-ognize that climate change is real and support putting a price on carbon. They say that. ExxonMobil’s CEO said that to his shareholders again just last week. In the Senate, I am the Senate au-thor of a carbon price bill. I know who is lobbying where on carbon prices, and I can tell you their statement is just not true. Every single element of that Soviet May Day parade of fossil fuel political weaponry is dead set against any such thing. What do we conclude from that? Either Big Oil’s CEOs don’t know what their own lobbying appa-ratus is doing, or they are just not tell-ing the truth. You guess which. The strategy of the fossil fuel indus-try has been to control the Republican Party. You can jam things up by jam-ming up one party, and you can make it look like it is a partisan issue when it is just old-fashioned, self-interested lobbying. In order to accomplish that purpose, the worst of the political threats and blandishments of the fossil fuel industry are directed against Re-publicans. As long as legitimate corporate lead-ers in America sit idly by while fossil fuel terrorizes and corrupts the Repub-lican Party, there will not be much progress. ‘‘But, oh,’’ some will say, ‘‘there aren’t Republicans who will re-spond. This is too partisan an issue. It will be a wasted effort.’’ Not so. I came to the Senate in 2007, and for years there was bipartisan action on climate change—2007, 2008, 2009. It only stopped when the fossil fuel industry secured from five Republican- appointed Justices on the Supreme Court the disgraceful Citizens United decision of 2010. In 2007, lots of bipar-tisan activity; 2008, lots of bipartisan activity; 2009, lots of bipartisan activ-ity; 2010, Citizens United—dead stop. That Citizens United decision is what started the fossil fuel Soviet May Day parade of unprecedented political artil-lery. No special interest had that kind of political artillery before Citizens United opened it up, and much of the post-Citizens United effort has been using dark money to hide the fossil fuel industry’s hand. Since Citizens United, there has been no bipartisan climate action, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t still Repub-licans willing to work with us. I know this firsthand. There are Republicans willing to work with us. They just need to know somebody will give them safe passage through the political kill zone that Citizens United has let the fossil fuel industry create. Well, with the Trump administration now all the way over in the ‘‘fossil fuel, Breitbart, Koch brothers climate denial corner,’’ it now rests on the shoulders of the legitimate business community to come off the sidelines. They can’t count on this ad-ministration. They now have to come off the sidelines themselves and do so in strength commensurate with the se-riousness of the problem. If, as a country, we pitch ourselves and the world into the present worst- case climate change scenarios, billions of people will suffer, and suffering peo-ple want answers and justice. It will become hard to defend to them our American system of democratic gov-ernment against charges of corruption and our system of market capitalism against charges of indifference. Gov-ernment has been corrupted by fossil fuel interests, and too many companies are indifferent. You can’t make a case without the facts to back it up, and American companies, more than any-one else, benefit from a world order where liberal democracies prevail. So the stakes for the American business community are very real. The political mischief of the fossil fuel industry and its front groups will leave a lasting stain on the democracy we all treasure. It is time, in the wake of the President’s decision on Paris— isolating America with Syria as our companion in isolation—it is time that the decent and honorable business com-munity played a meaningful role in setting this right. To them, I say: Trump has betrayed you so now is the time to align your industry’s political engagement with your industry’s posi-tion on climate. That is not asking much. We are only asking that Amer-ican corporations align their political engagement on climate change with their actual position on climate change. If you take climate change se-riously, great. Take it seriously when you come to Congress. The United States of America, where 1 day after D- day—a day when Americans stormed ashore to free the continent of Europe, fought their way through to knock down Nazi tyranny, and then rebuilt Europe under the Marshall Plan and came home—that country ought not to be a pariah nation with Syria. We needn’t be a banana republic for fossil fuel. We can lead the world into a brighter, cleaner, safer energy future, but it will take an effort. So, corporate America, let’s make the effort. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARSHALL PLAN  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, it is nice to see the Presiding Officer in the Chair. Because he is a student of his-tory, I know it will come as no surprise to my colleague from Colorado that this week marks the 70th anniversary of the Marshall Plan. In 1947, Europe was in ruins. After years of war, factories from Man-chester to Munich had been bombed out. Railroads laid disfigured from ar-tillery. Farms stood defaced by the tracks of a thousand tanks. Across the continent, Europe’s once humming economies stood silent. Over 60 million people had died, including 6 million Jews who were killed in the Holocaust. Here in the United States, we mourned the loss of over 400,000 of our soldiers. We had spent, in today’s dol-lars, nearly $4 trillion to secure that victory in World War II. But to secure the peace, our leaders understood that even more was required of us. Tru-man’s Secretary of State, George Mar-shall, told the Nation that without a return to ‘‘normal economic health in the world,’’ there could be ‘‘no assured peace.’’ In other words, if famine and poverty remained unchecked across Europe, unanswered, fascism and com-munism would soon follow, threatening U.S. interests and global stability at the same time. So after years of sacrifice—sacrifice that this generation of Americans, thank goodness, has never had to en-dure—the easy course would have been to withdraw behind the Atlantic and the Pacific, turn our back on the world, and embrace isolation. Instead, we proposed the Marshall Plan, a bold investment to revive Eu-rope’s economies, modernize industry, and expand trade, not only for allies like France and Britain but also for our enemies, Germany and Italy. It was extraordinary that political leaders here once made those decisions. I struggle to think of a time in human history when the victor helped to re-vive the vanquished with no strings at-tached, no colonial objective. As the Marshall Plan made its way through Congress, leaders in Wash-ington made the case to the American people, even standing firm against some who wanted to require European countries to buy only American prod-ucts with the aid that we gave them. Still in the years to come, American farmers and manufacturers would fill millions of crates of wheat and wood, of sugar and steel to rebuild Europe from the ravages of war. President Truman understood that, in time, strong European economies would become strong trading partners, strong military allies, and a bulwark of freedom against Soviet expansion. His-tory proved him right, to say the least. After the Marshall Plan, Western Eu-rope surged back to life as Eastern Eu-rope stagnated behind the Iron Cur-tain. In the West, production rose and hunger fell. Foes became friends. Bonds across the Atlantic solidified. Invest-ments through the Marshall Plan helped lay the foundation for NATO, the common market, and the European Union. Few actions in our foreign policy have been as consequential for Amer-ica’s long-term interests, for our na-tional interests, and all at a cost of $150 billion in today’s dollars—25 times less than the total cost of World War II 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.038 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3319 June 7, 2017 
and about 25 times less than what we paid in the wars in Iraq and Afghani-stan. As President Truman invested in Eu-rope’s recovery, he also helped fashion a new world order from the rubble of war. American leadership forged global institutions to enshrine our interests and values around the world for gen-erations, giving rise to the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the United Nations, and the en-tire international system that we have today. Seventy years ago, President Truman had the vision to think longer term. He had the wisdom to see that what was good for others was often good for us as well. And he had the courage to ask our citizens to lead, to sacrifice, and to believe that even after the second war in a generation, it was still within their power to shape a lasting peace. Those actions, those qualities are why Truman’s Presidency marks one of the finest periods in American foreign policy in the history of our foreign pol-icy. The comparison with what we are seeing today just couldn’t be starker. Under the banner of putting America first, President Trump has undermined our interests at nearly every turn. At a time when China proposes to spend over a trillion dollars to expand its global influence with new railroads from Hungary to Kenya, new bridges and tunnels linking Southeast Asia to-gether, and new electrical plants to power Pakistan, President Trump pro-poses to slash our foreign assistance advancing U.S. interests around the world. At a time when NATO faces challenges to its east and south, Presi-dent Trump publicly rebukes the alli-ance and refuses to reinforce its bed-rock principle of collective security. As the recent terrorist attack un-folded in London, President Trump took to Twitter to promote his polit-ical agenda and sow fear in the wake of that attack. In the face of challenges like extremism and instability that de-mand 40-year strategies like the ones President Truman had in mind, Presi-dent Trump is conducting his foreign policy 140 characters at a time. Now, as the world unites to confront the perils of climate change, our Presi-dent has withdrawn from the landmark Paris Agreement, which we helped forge, in a shameful abdication of America’s global leadership. In doing so, the President ignored the voices of millions of Americans and thousands of businesses, urging him—against the ar-guments that he made—to stay in the agreement for climate reasons, for eco-nomic reasons, and for national secu-rity reasons as well. By withdrawing from it, the President has turned his back on millions of people across the globe, as well, mostly the poor, who are already on the edge of crisis, who may face drought, displacement, and famine from a warming planet. America has a strong interest in avoiding that future. Anybody who has seen what has happened since the Arab Spring understands what resulted from a doubling of the price of wheat in Egypt. A wise leader could see that. A President Truman would see that. Like the Marshall Plan, the Paris Agreement recognized that in the mod-ern world there is no ‘‘over there’’ any-more. Today, over there is here, and here is over there, and our President fundamentally doesn’t understand it. He claimed that withdrawing from the Paris Agreement would ‘‘put Amer-ica first.’’ In fact, this move threatens to put America last—last in innova-tion, last in clean energy, last in science, last in our moral responsi-bility to hand the next generation a safe and stable planet. That is why States and cities all across the country are making their own commitments to honor the Paris Agreement. Now it is just us, Nicaragua, and Syria on the other side. That is why towns, cities, and States all across the country are scrambling to fill the void of leadership left by the administration to show the rest of the world that we are serious too. In my home State of Colorado, we know that we can protect our economy and our climate, that we can grow our economy and protect our climate. We see those as linked together. You can’t do one without the other. We developed the first State limits on methane pol-lution. We passed the first voter-led re-newable standard in the entire Nation. We established our own limits on car-bon pollution. And in the process, we have created 13,000 renewable energy jobs, with wind jobs alone expected to triple by 2020. On average, those jobs pay a salary of $50,000. We are manufac-turing again in our State with the sup-ply chains that come along with it. What comes with those commonsense regulations? One of the strongest economies in America, the lowest un-employment rate in America, and we see this all across the country. New en-ergy jobs are growing 12 times faster than the overall economy. The Presi-dent doesn’t see any of that. In a matter of months, from foreign assistance, to global alliances, to ter-rorism and climate change, the admin-istration has imperiled America’s stat-ure with a shortsighted and willfully ignorant agenda that is profoundly out of step with the realities of the world and the interests of the people of the United States. In a recent op-ed, senior officials from the administration painted the world as no more than an ‘‘arena’’ where nations ‘‘compete for advan-tage.’’ They were trying to explain the President’s behavior while he was in Europe. That attitude marks a huge departure from generations of Amer-ican foreign policy. This is not about the Obama administration; this is about a set of traditional American values and approaches to the world that we have had almost since the Na-tion’s founding, and the space the President is creating out there in the world by abandoning those treasured American values gives space to those who seek every single day to under-mine the liberal world order that has allowed our country and allies across the globe to succeed. The President should understand that generations of leaders in the United States have put America first. They have always put America first— not in slogans or stump speeches but in the alliances and institutions we built, the values we champion, the alliances we forged that have given our world 70 years of peace and prosperity. That is a legacy upon which we must build—one that has put America first and has kept America first today and, if we act wise-ly, I think for decades to come. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Kansas. (The remarks of Mr. M
ORAN are printed in today’s R
ECORD during con-sideration of S. Res. 174.) Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE REFORM  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the destructive path that the majority is headed down with their attempts to repeal the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The Republican bill, and, frankly, the House Republican bill that the Senate is now considering in addition to other ideas is, in my judgment, not really a healthcare bill but a tax cut bill. It is a tax cut bill for the super-rich—not only the rich but, literally, the wealthiest few Americans—while in-creasing costs for middle-class fami-lies. It gives States the option to allow insurance companies to discriminate again like they did before the ACA was passed. It would also allow those same policies to devastate our hospitals, par-ticularly those in rural communities. I live in a State where 48 out of 67 coun-ties are, in fact, rural counties. The Republican bill would rip away healthcare, according to the Congres-sional Budget Office, from 23 million Americans. Here is what that means in Pennsylvania, based upon the Congres-sional Budget Office numbers: Up to 770,000 Pennsylvanians could lose health insurance by 2026 if the bill were to pass, 48,000 Pennsylvania seniors on Medicare could lose access to services covered by Medicaid, and 52,600 Penn-sylvanians with disabilities could lose Medicaid coverage. I live in a State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.040 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3320 June 7, 2017 
where, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, over 722,000 Pennsylvanians with disabilities rely on Medical Assistance for their medical care. Medical Assistance is the State version of Medicaid. We know that if you are a child, if you are a sen-ior, or if you have a disability, many Americans in those categories, of course, rely upon Medicaid. We also know, based upon the CBO numbers, that 180,000 Pennsylvanians could lose access to mental health and substance abuse care now provided by Medicaid. We have heard a lot of talk, and there has been a lot of work, actu-ally, in this body, as well as in the other body, in the last year on the opioid problem. We have Democrats and Republicans focusing on a major national problem, an urgent public health problem. We have made some progress—not enough but some good progress—on opioid legislation. All of that would be badly undermined if we made the changes to Medicaid that some want to make here because of the significant impact that cuts to Med-icaid would have on the challenge of reducing the opioid crisis. So even the possibility that this bill might become law is, in a sense, desta-bilizing to the healthcare marketplace, which has been better each year we move forward from the passage of the ACA in 2010. Just last week, the Pennsylvania In-surance Department announced aver-age proposed rate increases for health insurance premiums for 2018. Here is what the Pennsylvania Insurance De-partment told us. If we maintain cur-rent law, premiums will go up 8.8 per-cent in Pennsylvania. If the Repub-licans get rid of the cost-sharing sub-sidies, which many seem either to want to get rid of or to want to ignore, thereby creating uncertainty—if those cost-sharing subsidies are thrown out the window—premiums will go up 2.5 times as much, by over 20 percent. So far, it is 8.8 percent under current law or 20 percent just based upon the cost- sharing subsidies being taken away. Also, if the individual mandate is re-pealed, premiums will go up almost three times as much, by 23 percent. If we get rid of both the cost-sharing sub-sidies and the individual mandate, pre-miums in our State will go up by over 36 percent. So we have a basic choice to make, at least as it relates to Pennsylvania. Under current law, it is 8.8 percent, and we should try to bring that down. I think there are ways we could work to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to bring that down. But if we go in the direction that many want to go—especially on the Republican side—to undermine or to do nothing about cost-sharing and get to rid of the individual mandate, premiums go up 36 percent. So folks can make their choice to go up about 9 percent or to go up 36 percent. It is a real simple choice with basically two options. The bill that was passed in the House would destroy the lives of many vul-nerable Pennsylvanians. What should we do about it? Well, the first thing we should do with the bill is to throw it in the trash heap. That is where it be-longs, and I hope that is where Senate Republicans are headed and that they are going to start over on a new bill, because the bill that was passed in the House is very bad for the country. Among the 3 million Pennsylvanians with preexisting conditions are two re-markable young women whose mother first contacted me in 2009. Stacie Rit-ter, from Manheim, PA, is the mom of four children, including her twin daughters, Hannah and Madeline, who are depicted here in this picture when they were much younger. Hannah and Madeline were diagnosed with a rare and dangerous type of leukemia when they were just 4 years old. You can see their picture there at that time. Stacy and her husband Benjamin went bankrupt trying to pay their daughters’ medical bills. She wrote to me at the time, saying that without healthcare reform, ‘‘my girls will be unable to afford care, that is if they are eligible, for care that is critically necessary to maintain this chronic condition.’’ Fortunately, things have changed in the last 8 or so years. Fortunately, Hannah and Madeline are healthy young women now. They are freshman at Arcadia University and are doing well. They rely on the Affordable Care Act’s protections to ensure that they have access to affordable coverage, whether they are on their parents’ plan or purchasing a plan in the individual market. As you can see on my left, this is a picture of Hannah and Madeline today as college freshmen. Without the Affordable Care Act, Hannah and Madeline could be denied health insurance. As their mom said, they could be ‘‘punished and rejected because they had the misfortune of de-veloping cancer as a child.’’ The Republican bill passed in the House would put them at risk of being denied health insurance or being charged more because they are cancer survivors. I don’t know why anyone would sup-port a bill that would do that. Just a number of months ago I re-ceived a letter from Pam Simpson from Chester County, PA. Pam and her son Rowan have their story to tell. Rowan is 5 years old, and a number of years ago he was diagnosed with autism. I have talked about Rowan before on this floor and in other places and what Medicaid means for Rowan and his family. Medicaid provides important services for Rowan and others with dis-abilities, enabling Rowan to go to pre-school and allowing his mother to work. Here is what his mom said to me. I won’t read the whole letter, but I will just highlight the first page. The first page is Rowan’s life before he was diagnosed with autism—all of the challenges that he and his family had—and Rowan’s life after the diag-nosis of autism, but, then, ultimately, when he received Medicaid, or Medical Assistance, as we call it in Pennsyl-vania. Here is what his mom told me in the letter after he received word that he was going to be enrolled in Medical Assistance: 
Late January 2016, I applied for Medicaid. 
That is Medical Assistance. 
After Rowan was awarded Medical Assist-ance, we were able to obtain wrap-around services. These services included a Behav-ioral Specialist Consultant and a Thera-peutic Staff Support worker. 
She goes on later in that paragraph to say that these wrap-around services ‘‘have been a Godsend.’’ Then she goes on later and says: 
I am thrilled by Rowan’s daily progress. I cannot say enough good things about this program. 
Then she says: 
Without Medical Assistance, I am con-fident that I could not work full time to sup-port our family. Our family would be bank-rupt or my son would go without the thera-pies he sincerely needs. 
Here is the last line of her letter: 
We are desperately in need of Rowan’s Medical Assistance and would be devastated if we lost these benefits. 
She is referencing ‘‘Medical Assist-ance’’ for Medicaid, the same program at the State level. So we have two families now that are totally reliant on these programs, ei-ther the ACA more broadly or, in par-ticular, the Medicaid Program. Both families have referenced bankruptcy because of healthcare challenges in the life of that family—one who would be on the brink of bankruptcy, Rowan’s family, and the other, who actually went through bankruptcy because of those healthcare challenges. No family in the United States of America should have to worry about going bankrupt because of a healthcare problem. We are well on our way to solving these problems, and no one should pull the rug out from under those families. But, unfortunately, when it comes to this legislation, that is exactly what could happen to many of them. I will give a third example: Alex. Re-cently I met Alex, who is from South-eastern Pennsylvania. He is 9 years old, and he has Down syndrome. Here is what Alex, a 9-year-old, wrote: 
Although I have a medical diagnosis of Down Syndrome, I am an excellent student. I get 100 percent on my spelling tests and I get picked as the Math King quite often. . . . My parents, my teachers, and everyone around me thought from the beginning there was nothing that I could not do. . . . I am able to get a good education because of the supports that I get from Special Education. That’s why I am very concerned about the possible cuts in Medicaid funding in schools. . . . Medicaid funding in schools is a very, very important part of what makes it pos-sible for us to receive successful education in school and become contributing members of our society. 
That is a 9-year-old in Pennsylvania reminding us about this important pro-gram. Alex has tremendous potential that would be in jeopardy by the pro-posed cuts to Medicaid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.046 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3321 June 7, 2017 
Here is another example: Peg Fagan of Pennsylvania. The Republican bill includes an age tax that will allow in-surers to charge older Americans up to five times more than younger Ameri-cans. Peg is from Bucks County, in Southeastern Pennsylvania. She is a three-time cancer survivor who could not afford health insurance prior to the Affordable Care Act. She is approach-ing Medicare eligibility but still has a few years to go before she is old enough to enroll. Peg was able to find affordable health insurance thanks to the ACA, but under the Republican bill, she could once again be discriminated against for being an older adult, and another pos-sible object of discrimination would be that she is a cancer survivor. That was the old law. That is where we were before, where insurance com-panies were allowed under the law to discriminate in that fashion. They could discriminate against you because you were a woman. They could dis-criminate against you because you had a preexisting condition. They could dis-criminate against you because you were a cancer survivor or because of your age, or so many other cir-cumstances. I thought we were beyond that. I thought we had finally cured that problem, but some want to go back in time. So the CBO tells us that the Repub-lican bill would rip away healthcare from 23 million Americans. I just went through some Pennsylvania stories. We have a lot more, and my colleagues will be hearing them. But for Hannah and Madeline and Rowan and Alex and Peg, we should ask ourselves a couple of basic questions. Healthcare for those Pennsylvanians should not be made worse, and they should not be made worse off, in order to give the top one- tenth of 1 percent a $200,000 giveaway. That is what the first version of the House healthcare bill would do. It would give the top one-tenth of 1 per-cent an average tax cut of $197,000. I ex-aggerated; I said $200,000. Let’s be exact. It is $197,000 each. Why would we take away healthcare or even risk or create uncertainty about healthcare for Hannah, Madeline, Rowan, Alex, and Peg because some people around here want to give tax cuts to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars to very wealthy people? That is not what I call a healthcare bill. The Senate has an obligation, in my judgment—both parties—to stop this bill from being enacted into law. We cannot allow this legislation to pass or anything like it to become law. So I ask each Member of the Senate to con-sider these Pennsylvanians and plenty in your home States and the countless more like them who are anxiously hop-ing and praying this Congress will not vote to take away their healthcare. 
DRUG AND VETERANS TREATMENT COURTS  
Mr. President, I rise to express my support for the drug and other treat-ment courts, including veterans treat-ment courts, in Pennsylvania and the more than 3,000 across the Nation. Just last month during National Drug Court Month, drug courts across the country held graduation cere-monies to recognize individuals who completed this rigorous treatment pro-gram. These courts, which serve about 150,000 people a year, hold offenders with substance use and mental health disorders accountable for their actions through strict supervision while also connecting them to the treatment they need. More than 1.25 million people have successfully graduated from drug and treatment court programs and are now on a path to recovery. Research has demonstrated that drug and other treatment courts not only reduce crime but also reduce spending by slowing the cycle of recidivism. Drug and other treatment courts are also an important resource to law en-forcement and community stake-holders working to combat the opioid epidemic. Opioid addiction is a growing public health crisis in Pennsylvania and throughout the Nation, and it de-mands real action. As public officials, we have an obligation to ensure that the resources and policies are in place to fight this scourge so that more fami-lies won’t have to endure the heartache of losing a loved one to addiction. Veterans treatment courts are inno-vative and collaborative programs to address some of the unique challenges that face our veteran communities. There are approximately 22 million veterans in the United States, and Pennsylvania is home to nearly 1 mil-lion. The majority of veterans return to our communities as leaders and lead exemplary lives; however, not every veteran’s path is straightforward. That is why we need to make sure the right programs and support services are in place. According to the Department of Jus-tice, in 2011 and 2012, approximately 8 percent of the total incarcerated popu-lation in the United States were, in fact, veterans. These veterans found themselves serving time in correc-tional facilities because they had not received the treatment they needed. While this represents a very small per-centage of veterans, it is important that we support programs like veterans treatment courts for veterans who face significant obstacles returning to civil-ian life, including mental health con-cerns, post-traumatic stress disorder, and substance abuse issues. These treatment courts can have a lifelong impact on a veteran by helping them get out of the criminal justice system and get the necessary treatment they have earned. It is our obligation to work every day to ensure veterans are receiving the care and support they de-serve. There are many stories from across Pennsylvania and our country that ex-emplify why these veterans treatment courts are critical. Just to give one, shortly after Michael Colletti from Montgomery County received an hon-orable discharge from the U.S. Coast Guard, he found himself in the grips of a serious addiction to opioids. To sup-port his growing habit, Michael began stealing from his employer, resulting in his arrest and jail time. His crimes were caused by his opioid use disorder, and Michael found himself in the Mont-gomery County Veterans Treatment Court. Finally, getting the accountability he needed and connecting with the ben-efits he earned as a veteran, Michael began the process of leaving behind his life of addiction and crime to start a new path. Today, Michael Colletti is a partner in a successful small business and a mentor to others in his commu-nity struggling with their own sub-stance use. He says of the veterans treatment court: I wouldn’t be here without the support net-work from the court. I wouldn’t have my girlfriend, I wouldn’t have my beautiful place, I wouldn’t have my career, and most importantly, I wouldn’t have the sound clar-ity of mind to be myself again. Now I am committed to paying it forward. 
I and I know many others are proud to support a recent letter led by our colleagues, Senator K
LOBUCHAR and Senator W
ICKER , highlighting the im-portance of funding the Drug Court Discretionary Grant Program and vet-erans treatment courts. As we go through the appropriations process, I urge my colleagues to consider the proven track record of these courts in improving outcome for graduates, and I hope Congress will offer strong support for these important programs that have been helping the justice system better serve individuals, veterans, their families, friends, and communities. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for June 2017. The report compares current-law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts the Senate agreed to in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2017, S. Con. Res. 3. This information is nec-essary for the Senate Budget Com-mittee to determine whether budget points of order lie against pending leg-islation. The Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pre-pared this report pursuant to section 308(b) of the Congressional Budget Act, CBA. My last filing can be found in the R
ECORD on April 27, 2017. The informa-tion contained in this report captures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.047 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3322 June 7, 2017 
legislative activity since that filing through June 5, 2017. Republican Budget Committee staff prepared Tables 1–3 of this report. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation for budget authority and outlays under the most recently adopted budget resolu-tion. This information is used for en-forcing committee allocations pursu-ant to section 302 of the CBA. For this reporting period, 13 of the 16 author-izing committees are in compliance with their allocations. Legislative ac-tivity involving the appropriations process, continuing resolution and om-nibus, during the last reporting period includes provisions, such as changes to health benefits for miners and Med-icaid funding, charged to the Com-mittee on Finance that caused it to breach its allocation. The other two committees in breach, as previously re-ported, are the Committee on Veterans Affairs and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. In total, authorizing committees are esti-mated to increase outlays by $292 mil-lion more than they were allocated over the fiscal year 2017–2026 period. Of that $292 million in violations, $91 mil-lion stems from the Finance Commit-tee’s violations during this reporting period. Table 2 gives the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions exceeds or is below the statutory spending limits for fiscal year 2017. This information is used to determine points of order related to the spending caps found in sections 312 and 314 of the CBA. H.R. 244, the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2017, P.L. 115–31, pro-vided full-year appropriations for the current fiscal year. These appropria-tions, $551.1 billion for defense and $518.5 billion for nondefense, were con-sistent with the statutory limits im-posed by the Budget Control Act of 2011. Table 3 tracks compliance with the fiscal year 2017 limit for overall changes in mandatory programs, CHIMPS, in appropriations bills, estab-lished in the fiscal year 2016 budget res-olution. CHIMPS in the Consolidated Appropriations Act were consistent with this year’s limit of $19.1 billion. This information is used for deter-mining points of order under section 3103 of that resolution. In addition to the tables provided by Budget Committee Republican staff, I am submitting CBO tables, which I will use to enforce budget totals approved by the Congress. CBO provided a spending and revenue report for fiscal year 2017, which helps enforce aggregate spending levels in budget resolutions under CBA section 311. CBO’s estimates show that current- law levels of spending for fiscal year 2017 are below the amounts assumed in the budget resolution by $303 million in budget authority and $6.4 billion in outlays. CBO also estimates that reve-nues are $1 million above assumed lev-els for fiscal year 2017, but $21 million below assumed levels for the fiscal year 2017–2026 period. Social Security levels are consistent with the budget resolu-tion’s fiscal year 2017 figures. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate pay- as-you-go, PAYGO, rule. The Senate’s PAYGO scorecard currently shows in-creased deficits of $226 million over the fiscal year 2016–2021 and $227 million over fiscal year 2016–2026 periods. For both periods, outlays have increased by $201 million, while revenues decreased by $25 million over the 6-year period and $26 million over the 11-year period. Missing from these levels are the budg-etary effects of divisions M-O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 and the miners’ health provisions of H.J. Res. 99, the short-term continuing resolution, P.L. 115–30, which are re-quired to be excluded based on lan-guage in the acts. The consolidated ap-propriations bill, however, is recorded as reducing revenues by $24 million and $25 million over the fiscal year 2016– 2021 and fiscal year 2016–2026 periods, respectively. That revenue loss is found in the appropriations section of the bill, not covered by the exclusion, which includes provisions related to visa-program extensions and insurance coverage of mammography. The Sen-ate’s PAYGO rule is enforced by sec-tion 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. Finally, included in this submission is a table tracking the Senate’s budget enforcement activity on the floor. No budget points of order have been raised since my last filing. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2017 2017– 2021 2017– 2026 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............................... 1 1 1 Outlays .............................................. 1 1 1 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Finance Budget Authority ............................... ¥239 468 ¥204 Outlays .............................................. 38 763 91 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Judiciary Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] 2017 2017– 2021 2017– 2026 
Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 200 200 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Total Budget Authority ...................... ¥238 469 ¥203 Outlays ..................................... 39 964 292 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2017 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 551,068 518,531 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 20,877 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,200 51,355 Defense ................................................. 515,977 138 Energy and Water Development ............ 19,956 17,815 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 33 21,482 Homeland Security ................................ 1,876 40,532 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 32,280 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 161,025 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,440 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 7,726 74,650 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 36,586 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 300 57,351 
Current Level Total ............. 551,068 518,531 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2017 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2017 ................................. 19,100 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 741 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 8,452 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 826 Homeland Security ........................................................... 187 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 8,009 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 857 
Current Level Total ........................................ 19,100 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.043 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3323 June 7, 2017 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2017. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2017 budget and is current through June 5, 2017. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. Since our last letter dated April 27, 2017, the Congress has cleared and the President has signed the following legislation that has significant effects on budget authority, out-lays, and revenues in fiscal year 2017: A joint resolution making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes (Public Law 115–30); and Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31). Sincerely, K
EITH HALL. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF JUNE 5, 2017 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
ON-BUDGET Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,329.3 3,329.0 ¥0.3 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,268.2 3,261.8 ¥6.4 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,682.1 2,682.1 0.0 OFF-BUDGET Social Security Outlays
a............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 805.4 805.4 0.0 Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 826.0 826.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an- nually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CUR-RENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF JUNE 5, 2017 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enactedab Revenues ......................... n.a. n.a. 2,682,088 Permanents and other spending legislation ... 2,054,297 1,960,884 n.a. Appropriation legislation 132,558 614,655 n.a. Offsetting receipts ..........¥834,250 ¥834,301 n.a. 
Total, Previously En-acted .................. 1,352,605 1,741,238 2,682,088 Enacted Legislation: National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–10) .... 1 1 0 A joint resolution making further continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–30) ...................... 2 2 0 Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–31) ...................... 1,967,450 1,518,744 1 
Total, Enacted Leg-islation ............... 1,967,453 1,518,747 1 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution esti-mates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .. 8,928 1,795 0 Total Current Level
c....... 3,328,986 3,261,780 2,682,089 Total Senate Resolution
d 3,329,289 3,268,171 2,682,088 
Current Level Over Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. 1 Current Level Under Senate Resolu-tion ..................... 303 6,391 n.a. Memorandum: Revenues, 2017–2026: Senate Current Level ....... n.a. n.a. 32,351,639 Senate Resolution ........... n.a. n.a. 32,351,660 
Current Level Over Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. 21 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the budgetary effects of enacted legislation cleared by the Con-gress during the 114th session, prior to the adoption of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. 
bSections 193–195 of Division A of P.L. 114–254 provided funding, avail-able until expended, for innovation projects and state responses to opioid abuse. CEO estimates that, for fiscal year 2017: The $20 million in discretionary budget authority provided by section 193 would result in an additional $5 million in outlays for FDA innovation projects; The $352 million in discretionary budget authority provided by sec-tion 194 would result in an additional $91 million in outlays for NIH innova-tion projects; The $500 million in discretionary budget authority provided by sec-tion 195 would result in an additional $160 million in outlays for state re-sponse to opioid abuse. Consistent with sections 1001–1004 of P.L. 114–255, for the purposes of estimating the discretionary budget authority and outlays for these provi-sions under the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Act of 1974 and the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Act of 1985, those amounts are estimated to provide no budget authority or outlays. cFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate, does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
dPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con. Res. 3, pursuant to various provisions of the resolution. The total for the Initial Senate Resolution shown below excludes $81,872 million in budget authority and $40,032 million in outlays assumed in S. Con. Res. 3 for non regular discretionary spending, including spending that qualifies for adjustments to discretionary spending limits pursuant to section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. The total for the Revised Senate Resolution shown below includes amounts for non regular discretionary spending: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Initial Senate Resolution 3,226,128 3,224,630 2,682,088 Revisions: Pursuant to sec-tions 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 ................... 103,161 43,541 0 
Revised Senate Resolu-tion .............................. 3,329,289 3,268,171 2,682,088 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS, AS OF JUNE 5, 2017 
[In millions of dollars] 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Beginning Balancea......................................... 0 0 Enacted Legislation:
bcd Tested Ability to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–1) ................................................. * * Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule (P.L. 115– 5) ......................................................... * * National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–10) ........................ 1 1 Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues (P.L. 115–14) ............................................... * * Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Con-tinuing Obligation to Make and Main-tain an Accurate Record of Each Re-cordable Injury and Illness’’ (P.L. 115–21) ............................................... 1 1 Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employees (P.L. 115–24) ............................................... * * An act to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–26) ....... 200 200 TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS, AS OF JUNE 5, 2017—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–30)
e.................... * * Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–31)
f..................................... 24 25 U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act (P.L. 115–32) ................................ * * Modernizing Government Travel Act (P.L. 115–34) ............................................... * * Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by States for non-governmental employ-ees (P.L. 115–35) ................................ * * Follow the Rules Act (H.R. 657) .............. * * Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improve-ment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–36) ........ * * A bill to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum (S. 1083) ................................ * * 
Current Balance ................................................ 226 227 Memorandum: 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Changes to Revenues .............................. ¥25 ¥26 Changes to Outlays ................................. 201 201 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: P.L. = Public Law; *= between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to the statement printed in the Congressional Record on Janu-ary 17, 2017, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was reset to zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated effect of the public laws on the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
eCBO estimates that this joint resolution will increase the deficit by $2 million over the 2017–2021 period. Pursuant to section 202(c) of P.L. 115– 30, the budgetary effects of this joint resolution are excluded from the Sen-ate’s PAYGO scorecard. 
fDivision M of P.L. 115–31 contains the Health Benefits for Miners Act of 2017 and the Puerto Rico Section 1108(g) Amendment of 2017. Division N contains the HIRE Vets Act. CBO estimates that the provisions in Divisions M and N will increase the deficit by $757 million over the 2017–2021 pe-riod, and by $84 million over the 2017–2026 period. Pursuant to section 301(b) of Division M, the budgetary effects of Division M and succeeding di-visions are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.041 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3324 June 7, 2017 
In keeping with the committee ’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unaminous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–84, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $662 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–84 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment $482 million. Other $180 million. Total $662 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-six (26) each AN/TPQ–53(V) Radar Systems to include Solid State Phased Array Radar with KN–4083 Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) enhanced Land/Sea Inertial Navigation System (INS) and automatic leveling system. Eight hundred and forty (840), M931 Full Range Training Round, 120mm Projectiles with M781 fuzes (for live fire exercise). Two thousand, two hundred and forty (2,240), M107, 155MM Projectiles with M557 fuzes (for live fire exercise). Non-MDE includes: Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio Systems (SINCGARS) and accessories; Defense Advanced Global Positioning System (GPS) Receiver (DAGR) equipment and accessories; Miltope laptops and accessories; Medium Tactical Vehicles FMTV M1092 5-ton trucks/chassis with sup-port and accessories; software support; sup-port equipment; classroom simulators; gov-ernment furnished equipment; technical manuals and publications; essential spares and repair parts; consumables; live fire exer-cise and ammunition; tools and test equip-ment; training; transportation; U.S. Govern-ment technical support and logistic support; contractor technical support; repair and re-turn support; quality assurance teams; in- country Field Service Representative (FSR) and other associated equipment and services. (iv) Military Department: Army (ZAI). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 5, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia—AN/TPO–53(V) Radar Systems and Related Support The Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has requested a possible sale of twen-ty-six (26) AN/TPQ–53(V) Radar Systems to include Solid State Phased Array Radar with KN–4083 Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) enhanced Land/Sea Inertial Navigation System (INS) and automatic lev-eling system; Eight hundred and forty (840), M931, 120mm Projectiles with M781 fuzes (for live fire exercise); Two thousand, two hun-dred and forty (2,240), M107, 155MM Projec-tiles with M557 fuzes (for live fire exercise); Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio Systems (SINCGARS) and accessories; De-fense Advanced Global Positioning System (GPS) Receiver (DAGR) equipment and ac-cessories; Miltope laptops and accessories; Medium Tactical Vehicles FMTV M1092 5-ton trucks/chassis with support and accessories; software support; support equipment; class-room simulators; government furnished equipment; technical manuals and publica-tions; essential spares and repair parts; consumables; live fire exercise and ammuni-tion; tools and test equipment; training; transportation; U.S. Government technical support and logistic support; contractor technical support; repair and return support; quality assurance teams; in-country Field Service Representative (FSR) and other as-sociated equipment and services. The total estimated program cost is $662 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security objec-tives of the United States by helping to im-prove the security of an important partner which has been and continues to be a leading contributor of political stability and eco-nomic growth in the Middle East. Saudi Arabia intends to use these radars to support its border security requirements and modernize its armed forces with a more cur-rent capability to locate and counter the source of incoming ballistic artillery, rock-ets, and mortars. This will contribute to Saudi Arabia’s goal to update its military capability while further enhancing greater interoperability among Saudi Arabia, the United States and other allies. Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorbing this equip-ment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The Lockheed Martin Corporation, Liver-pool, New York, is the principal contractor for the AN/TPQ–53(V) Radars. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require U.S. Government or contractor rep-resentatives to travel to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for a period of four (4) months for in-processing/fielding, system checkout and new equipment training, as well as pro-viding the support of two in-country FSRs for two years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of the proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–84 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AN/TPQ–53(V) radar system is a highly mobile radar that automatically de-tects, classifies, tracks, and locates the point of origin of projectiles fired from mortar, ar-tillery and rocket systems with sufficient ac-curacy for first round fire for effect. It miti-gates close combat radar coverage gaps and replaces the AN/TPQ–36 and AN/TPQ–37 Firefinder Radars; fully supporting Brigade Combat Teams (BCT), Division Artilleries (DIVARTYs), and Field Artillery (FA) Bri-gades. Designed to be transported by ship, trucks, train, or aircraft, it is capable of de-ploying as part of the counter-rocket, artil-lery, and mortar system of systems to pro-vide a sense and warn capability for fixed and semi-fixed sites. The AN/TPQ–53(V) pro-vides a net ready system with increased range and accuracy throughout a 90 degree search sector (stare mode) as well as 360-de-gree coverage (rotating). a. The Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) hardware design of the AN/ TPQ–53(V) is UNCLASSIFIED. Foreign source systems of similar design and capa-bility are available in advanced industrial nations such as Sweden and Israel. b. The AN/TPQ–53(V) software gives it an enhanced capability in terms of target detec-tion and classification in an Electronic Countermeasure (ECM) environment. Re-lease of detailed knowledge of the software code or test data could aid an adversary try-ing to identify ways of countering the detec-tion capabilities of the AN/TPQ–53(V) or im-prove the performance of their own radar systems. Although the detection, classifica-tion technology, and concept used in the AN/ TPQ–53(V) has been utilized for more than a decade, the ability to incorporate such tech-nology on a solid state air cooled radar would be a major technological improve-ment. The software is UNCLASSIFIED. The system is classified SECRET when employed in a theater of operations. c. The Single Channel Ground and Air-borne Radio System (SINCGARS) is a tac-tical radio providing secure jam-resistant voice and data communications of command, control, targeting, and technical informa-tion for the AN/TPQ–53(V) radar system. The spread-spectrum frequency hopping Elec-tronic Counter-Counter Measures (ECCM) technology resident in the radio is sensitive but UNCLASSIFIED. While sensitive, the frequency-hopping algorithms used to gen-erate the ECCM waveform are unique to the country of ownership and cannot be manipu-lated by potential adversaries for use or in-terference with other countries possessing SINCGARS technology. Should a potential adversary come into possession of one of these radios, they would have the potential to intercept operational command, control, and targeting information. This potential problem is mitigated by the fact that the customer can secure information passed over the radio network using a commercial grade security capability equivalent to an AES 256- bit encryption system whose keys are con-trolled by the customer country. d. The Defense Advanced Global Posi-tioning System (GPS) Receiver (DAGR) is a handheld GPS location device with map background displaying the user’s location. Unlike commercial grade GPS receivers ca-pable of receiving Standard Positioning Sig-nals (SPS) from GPS satellites, the DAGR is capable of receiving Precise Positioning Sig-nals (PPS). PPS satellite signals provide sig-nificantly more accurate location data than do SPS signals. This capability within DAGR is possible due to the Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM). The SAASM is an encrypted device permitting both receipt of PPS signals and the benefit of preventing potential adversaries from spoofing the system to display incorrect lo-cation information. The SAASM capability within the DAGR is sensitive but UNCLAS-SIFIED. The SAASM capabilities are sen-sitive due to the system’s ability to access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.036 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3325 June 7, 2017 
restricted PPS GPS satellite signals and to prevent spoofing. While sensitive, the ability of potential adversaries to exploit the sys-tem are limited. The SAASM chip goes through a special process of loading encryption signals and unique access codes keyed to the customer country. These proc-esses are strictly controlled by the US Air Force. If the DAGR is compromised, the US Air Force can cut off the device access to PPS signals and the anti-spoofing capability. e. The same SAASM capabilities resident in the DAGR are also resident in the AN/ TPQ–53(V) KN–4083 Inertial Navigation Sys-tem (INS). The KN–4083 is a SAASM en-hanced INS capability with a 3-axis Mono-lithic Ring Laser Gyro allowing extremely accurate location as well as 3-axis acceler-ometer to provide angular information re-garding the radar position (i.e. pitch, roll, and azimuth data). While inertial navigation and accelerometer capabilities are well- known, the SAASM capability within the system makes it sensitive but UNCLASSI-FIED. As with the DAGR, the US Air Force can cut off access to PPS signals and anti- spoofing capabilities, minimizing impacts should a potential adversary obtain the sys-tem. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific radar hardware and software elements, the information could be used to identify ways of countering the detection capabilities of the AN/TPQ–53(V) Radar System or improve the performance of their radar systems. Testing and identification of methods to defeat the AN/TPQ–53(V) ECCM capabilities would lead to improvements in the overall effectiveness of an adversary’s system and improve their survivability. 3. A determination has been made that Saudi Arabia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives outlined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, yesterday the Senate adopted the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection Act. This legislation facilitates the process of terminating nonperforming VA employees by eliminating certain due process protections that are cur-rently part of the system. The Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs says he needs this authority to reform the sys-tem. The Senate, by voice vote, hon-ored the request. However, in Alaska, we have a different problem which is not addressed in the legislation, and that problem is filling vacant positions within the VA. The major challenge facing VA leaders in Alaska is recruit-ment and retention. The Wasilla community based out-patient clinic, CBOC, serves veterans in the fastest growing community in the State. The last permanent physician at this CBOC resigned in May 2014, citing ‘‘excessive workload.’’ A number of temporary physicians have rotated through since, and some have consid-ered VA employment, but ultimately said no. The fact remains that, for the past 3 years, the VA has not been able to recruit a single physician to perma-nently staff this CBOC, a facility that, given demand, requires a permanent staff of two—or possibly three—physi-cians. Wasilla is hardly the most re-mote place in the State. Actually, it is one of the least remote. Moreover, it is one of the most desirable places in Alaska to live. For example, Mat-Su Regional Hospital, the community hos-pital down the road, has no problem re-taining medical professionals. Staffed with 160 physicians in 28 specialties, in-cluding primary care, it was recently highlighted by Becker’s Hospital Re-view as one of the 150 best places to work in healthcare for 2017. By com-parison, the VA has been unable to re-cruit a single physician to permanently tend to the needs of our veterans in the Mat-Su Valley. That suggests to me that the VA has a second problem. The VA is simply not regarded as an employer of choice among potential recruits. Removing due process protections for VA employ-ees may well exacerbate that problem. Over the past 14 years, I have spent time with a great many VA employees, and the fear that a supervisor may now have greater latitude to target an indi-vidual on a trumped up charge because they are seen to be rocking the boat or because they just don’t like them is a real one. We have very good manage-ment in the Alaska VA healthcare sys-tem now, but the faces of managers change with some frequency and with those charges can come wide swings in management philosophies. At a recent hearing of the MILCON- VA subcommittee, my friend from Florida, Senator RUBIO, asked Dr. Shulkin, ‘‘In your time at the Veterans Administration, have you ever seen or do you have any evidence of any in-stance in which supervisors targeted individuals for dismissal because they just don’t like them and were going to make something up in order to get rid of them?’’ While the official transcript is not yet available, we do have the CQ transcript. That transcript indicates that Dr. Shulkin did not directly an-swer the question. He responded that the VA has seen cases of documented whistleblower retaliation. But not every employee who faces in-equity in the workplace becomes a whistleblower. Some just go out and find a new job which offers better working conditions and in some cases better money than the VA pays. To his credit, Dr. Shulkin went on to say, ‘‘But, I want people to understand, I am not seeking this and I do not sup-port your legislation so that we can willy-nilly fire employees, or allow su-pervisors to abuse our employees. This allows due process. I believe it’s very important that our employees have due process, the right to pre-decisional ap-peals, and the right to be represented by the union or their attorneys.’’ I hope that he is right about how this will work out on the ground, but the VA is a highly decentralized system with a great many seemingly autono-mous decisionmakers. In asking for this new authority, Dr. Shulkin must accept the responsibility for ensuring that it is not abused and must also ac-cept accountability in the event that it is, but the larger question is whether all of the energy we have put into leg-islating VA accountability does any-thing to make the VA a more attrac-tive employer to in-demand healthcare professionals. I would like to see the VA devote as much energy and cre-ativity to addressing this challenge as it has to the issue before us yesterday. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
GRANITE MOUNTAIN/SPECULATOR MINE FIRE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to remember metal mining’s greatest disaster, the Granite Moun-tain/Speculator Mine Fire that took place 100 years ago in Butte, MT, that claimed the lives of 168 men. On the night of June 8, 1917, approxi-mately 410 men were in the mine, working to meet the demand for copper that was created by our Armed Forces on the frontlines during World War I. An electric cable had been lowered into the mine earlier in the day and had gotten away from the workers, falling into a tangled coil. Later that evening, as crews examined the damaged cable, a lamp accidentally ignited the cable and sparked a fire that would fill the mine with smoke and poisonous gas. Unable to lower cages due to fire damage, in an act of pure bravery, over 100 rescue workers immediately jumped into harm’s way to try to res-cue their trapped brothers. Miracu-lously, none of the rescue workers were killed, but sadly, after the conclusion of rescue efforts, a total of 168 miners were lost. The community of Butte grieved together, as did the entire Montana family. Today I want to honor those who per-ished that tragic day and honor those whose families who would never be the same after it. Would you please join me in a brief moment of silence to remem-ber those miners and their families? This proclamation is meant to recog-nize the strength of those Montanans who sacrificed their lives in support our Nation’s military work in World War I, as well as those who jumped to help a fallen brother without question. The tragedy that befell our mining community highlights the strength found in the hearts of not only Mon-tanans, but all Americans, and the mo-ments that make heroes out of ordi-nary men and bring communities to-gether. So that future generations will not forget the men who perished that day, a memorial was built in honor of those who died in the Granite Mountain/ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.036 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3326 June 7, 2017 
Speculator Mine Fire. If you are ever in our beautiful State, I hope you will take time to visit. One hundred years after this tragedy, we are also reminded of how far we have come in hard rock mining. Jobs that were once seen as high risk are now very desirable, not just due to high wages, but more importantly be-cause of advances in safety. In fact, ac-cording to the Department of Labor, fiscal year 2016 was the safest year in mining history. The continued progress toward safer mining has been a shared effort across State and Federal agen-cies, as well as the mining community itself. New technology, better prac-tices, special initiatives, and improved training have led to a culture in min-ing communities and industry that prioritizes safety. The Granite Moun-tain/Speculator Mine Fire reminds us so that we must continue to push for even safer mining. Lastly, I want to take a moment to thank those hard rock miners who are spread across our beautiful country and who continue to serve the Amer-ican people. Thank you for all that you do. We must continue to prioritize safe-ty that we never again have a tragedy like that of the Granite Mountain/ Speculator Mine Fire.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HELEN AND BOBBY FELDMAN ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Helen and Bobby Feldman for their strong leadership in the Jewish community. Bobby and Helen have been involved in a number of causes that celebrate their Jewish heritage as well as make a difference by putting the needs and well-being of others before themselves. Bobby and Helen have worked with many organizations, including Stand With Us, an organization dedicated to educating individuals all over the world about Israel and ways to combat anti-Semitism, and HonestReporting, a media watchdog organization dedicated to providing facts, figures, and statis-tics to journalists across the world to ensure Israel’s story is told fairly by the media. Bobby Feldman’s interest in Jewish culture and causes stemmed from his early interest in environmental issues. He worked with the Jewish National Fund in Las Vegas where he now serves as the president of the southern Ne-vada chapter. Their organization is working to revitalize areas in Israel by planting trees, creating parks, and working to build a better country for years to come. Helen Feldman has a list of accom-plishments herself. She helped organize the Women’s Alliance of the Jewish National Fund. This organization en-courages future generations of Las Vegas women to celebrate our soli-darity with Israel. She also volun-teered her time at local nursing homes; there she shows off her amazing sing-ing talents and brightens the day of so many Nevada seniors. On Sunday, April 30, the Jewish Na-tional Fund is hosting their annual Love of Israel brunch where both Helen and Bobby will be recognized for their involvement in the community. These two individuals should be proud of all that they have done together. Earlier this week, Israel celebrated their Holocaust Remembrance Day, honoring and remembering the 6 mil-lion Jewish people who were the vic-tims of Nazi hatred. It serves us all as a reminder for the need to turn away prejudice and racism and embrace oth-ers. That is why I am both humbled and honored to acknowledge Helen and Bobby for their work here in the great State of Nevada. I also want to con-gratulate them on 29 years of marriage, and I look forward to seeing more from them as they continue to make us all very proud.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY FOX ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Betty Fox and not only wish her a happy birthday, but also reflect on her years of service. Betty Fox served her country in the Armed Forces and remains an active leader in the community. On April 22, Betty Fox turned 98 years old, and to this day, she makes us proud to call her a fellow Nevadan and American. Betty Fox joined the Marine Corps in April 1943 shortly after the beginning of World War II. She was stationed at the Marine Corps Air Station, MCAS, located in Cherry Point, NC. She was then sent to the MCAS in El Toro, CA, there she received the Honorable Serv-ice Lapel Button marking her out-standing service to her country. Betty Fox was promoted to private first class on August 20, 1943, then to corporal on January 24, 1944. She was discharged on February 5, 1944, but her promotions and designations reflect on her service and our country will never be able to fully repay her for the sacrifices she made in the defense of freedom. In 1956, she moved to Las Vegas, NV, and has been a Nevadan ever since. De-spite no longer being Active military personnel, Betty Fox remains involved in the local community. She epito-mizes an age-old saying: ‘‘You are only as old as you feel.’’ Betty Fox volunteered at the Las Vegas convention center for the past 18 years. She is an active, lifetime mem-ber of the Marine Corps League, Local Detachment 186, and has marched in several Veteran’s Day parades in order to honor those who, like her, sacrificed to defend America and its values. Betty is also a lifetime member of Women Marine Association, WMA, and was an active member until the local chapter disbanded. After years of serv-ing her country and community, she volunteered her time at the local sen-ior living center, brightening the day of many of Nevada’s senior citizens. I am both humbled and honored to acknowledge Betty Fox for her service to our country and community. Her sacrifices and continued commitment to helping those who served makes me proud to call her a fellow Nevadan. As Nevada’s senior Senator, I want to honor her success, her life of giving back, and wish her the happiest 98th birthday. Rest assured, we all look for-ward to her continued efforts that are sure to inspire us all.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THE WOMEN’S MINING COALITION ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Women’s Mining Coalition, a Nevada-born group that has devoted 25 years of service advo-cating for a strong U.S. mining indus-try. I am proud to honor the signifi-cant contributions the Women’s Min-ing Coalition has made to the mining industry in the State of Nevada and throughout our Nation. I am extremely proud of their successes and am grate-ful for how it has benefited the Silver State. In 1993, three Nevada geologists— Kathy Benedetto, Ruth Carraher, and Debbie Struhsacker—started the Wom-en’s Mining Coalition in response to the congressional debate to enact major changes to the U.S. mining law that would threaten the future of Ne-vada’s mining industry and hard rock mining throughout the country. At that time, they never dreamed that their concept would involve more than taking a couple of trips to Washington, to talk to lawmakers about mineral ex-ploration, the importance of mining, and that mining is a good career for women, but this Battle-Born Nevada concept has become a nationwide, quarter-century commitment to talk to Members of Congress about how modern mining provides the building blocks of our society while caring for the environment and providing family- wage jobs to miners and the many com-panies throughout the country that provide equipment, goods, and services to the mineral exploration and mining sectors. Each year, WMC’s Nevada members travel to the group’s annual Wash-ington, DC fly-in. These Nevada women represent the diverse domestic mining industry and discuss legislative issues and proposed rules affecting mining. During these meetings, WMC members put a face to mining that lawmakers don’t expect: women involved in all facets of mining, from equipment oper-ators and manufacturers, engineers, ex-ecutives, miners, metallurgists, geolo-gists, and environmental scientists. Last September at a banquet in Las Vegas, the group received the pres-tigious Prazen Living Legends of Min-ing Award from the National Mining Hall of Fame for their many years of service and commitment to the mining industry. Not resting on their laurels, the Women’s Mining Coalition is in Washington, DC, this week to continue their work to let Congress know that a strong mining industry is essential to the future of Nevada and our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.030 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3327 June 7, 2017 
Our national defense, our infrastruc-ture, our electricity, our technology, our agriculture, our transportation, and communication capabilities all rely on the products of mining. The Women’s Mining Coalition will con-tinue to make this message heard with energy, talent, and enthusiasm. As the senior Senator from the Silver State, I ask my colleagues and all Ne-vadans to join me in congratulating the Women’s Mining Coalition on its 25 years of thoughtful advocacy on behalf of mining in Nevada and across the country. This group has advanced Ne-vada’s mining industry, and I am hon-ored to recognize this important con-tribution. I wish the Women’s Mining Coalition well in its future endeavors in creating greater opportunities for mining in our great State.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:32 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1628. An act to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. H.R. 2192. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to eliminate the non-ap-plication of certain State waiver provisions to Members of Congress and congressional staff. 
At 10:27 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 390. An act to provide emergency re-lief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2004(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member of the House of Representa-tives to the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Founda-tion: Mr. D
EUTCH of Florida. The message further announced that pursuant to section 603 of the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Minority Leader appoints the fol-lowing individual to the Western Hemi-sphere Drug Policy Commission: Mr. Pete Gallego of Alpine, Texas. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 390. An act to provide for emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 2192. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to eliminate the non-ap-plication of certain State waiver provisions to Members of Congress and congressional staff; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 1628. An act to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 286. A bill to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colo-rado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 92). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *William Francis Hagerty IV, of Ten-nessee, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Japan. Nominee: William F. Hagerty. Post: Ambassador to Japan. Nominated: 03/27/2017. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, date, amount, and donee: 1. Self: William F. Hagerty 9/1/16, 2,700.00, Trump Victory; 9/1/16, 2,700.00, Trump of President; 6/29/16, 5,400.00, John McCain; 5/25/ 16, 5,000.00, RNC/Convention; 5/22/16, 1,000.00, David Kustoff; 2/29/16, 2,700.00, Marco Rubio; 1/8/16, 33,400.00, RNC; 1/8/16, 1,600.00, RNC; 9/1/ 15, 5,000.00, TennPAC; 6/30/15, 2,700.00, Jeb Bush; 6/5/15, 3,000.00, TNGOP; 5/27/15, 2,500.00, Healthcare Freedom Fund; 4/21/15, 33,400.00, RNC; 11/3/14, 2,600.00, Lamar Alexander; 10/21/ 14, 1,000.00, David Perdue; 4/17/14, 1,000.00, John Ratcliffe; 2/17/14, 2,000.00, Keith Crisco; 2/3/14, 3,000.00, TNGOP; 12/30/13, 1,000.00, Jim Tracy; 12/18/13, 1,000.00, John Ratcliffe; 12/10/ 13, 1,000.00, Marsha Blackburn; 9/3/13, 2,600.00, Diane Black; 8/14/13, 2,600.00, Lamar Alex-ander; 2/11/13, 3,000.00, TNGOP; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, Republican Party of Idaho; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, Republican State Comm of Mass; 7/ 31/12, 4,175.00, Oklahoma Leadership Council; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, VT Rep Fed. Elections Cmte; 6/22/12, 2,000.00, TNGOP; 6/21/12, 2,500.00, TennPAC; 6/21/12, 2,500.00, Alexander for Sen-ate; 5/17/12, 50,000.00, Romney Victory; 5/17/12, 30,800.00, RNC; 5/17/12, 2,500.00, Mitt Romney; 5/9/12, 350.00, TNGOP. 2. Spouse: Christine L Hagerty: 9/1/16, 2,700.00, Trump Victory; 9/1/16, 2,700.00, Trump for President; 6/28/16, 5,400.00, John McCainPrimary/Gen; 2/29/16, 2,700.00, Marco Rubio; 1/8/16, 1,600.00, RNC; 1/8/16, 33,400.00, RNC; 6/30/15, 2,700.00, Jeb Bush; 11/3/14, 2,600.00, Lamar Alexander; 8/14/13, 2,600.00, Lamar Alexander; 9/3/13, 2,400.00, Diane Black; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, Republican Party of Mass; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, Oklahoma Leadership Council; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, Vermont Repub Fed-eral Elections Cmte; 7/31/12, 4,175.00, Repub-lican Party of Idaho; 6/13/12, 2,500.00, Mitt Romney; 6/13/12, 30,800.00, RNC; 6/13/12, 50,000.00, Romney Victory. 3. Children and Spouses: William F. Hagerty—none; Stephen L. Hagerty—none; Tara E. Hagerty—none; Christine B. Hagerty—none. 4. Parents: William Hagerty, III—Deceased; Ruth Hagerty, $1000.00, 3/1/07 Mitt Romney; William Locke-Paddon—Deceased; Terry Locke-Paddon—none. 5. Grandparents: William F. Hagerty, Jr.— Deceased; Lillian Dwiggins Hagerty—De-ceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Michael Hagerty—none; Robin Hagerty—none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Elizabeth Hagerty— none. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: S. 1298. A bill to modify the criteria used by the Corps of Engineers to dredge small ports; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 1299. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reduce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by ex-tending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such bene-ficiaries with pre-diabetes or with risk fac-tors for developing type 2 diabetes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. PAUL: S. 1300. A bill to prohibit the indefinite de-tention of persons by the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 1301. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the dis-tribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. R
OBERTS , and Mr. N ELSON ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.033 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3328 June 7, 2017 
S. 1302. A bill to provide for the conversion of temporary judgeships to permanent judge-ships, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 1303. A bill to prohibit discrimination in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child involved; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 1304. A bill to amend part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to exclude customary prompt pay discounts from manu-facturers to wholesalers from the average sales price for drugs and biologicals under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 1305. A bill to provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with adequate flexibility in its employment authorities; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. LEAHY: S. 1306. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish refundable tax credits for expenses relating to ensuring safety and accessibility in historic struc-tures; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. L EAHY , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 1307. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand eligibility to re-ceive refundable tax credits for coverage under a qualified health plan; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 1308. A bill to increase authorized fund-ing for the Soo Locks; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 1309. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to permit American Indian tribal councils to enter into agreements with the Commissioner of Social Security to ob-tain social security coverage for services performed by tribal council members; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): S. 1310. A bill to amend the Home Mort-gage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure re-quirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. B URR, and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 1311. A bill to provide assistance in abol-ishing human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. R UBIO): S. 1312. A bill to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 1313. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. WARNER ): S. 1314. A bill to amend the Natural Gas Act to bolster fairness and transparency in consideration of interstate natural gas pipe-lines, to provide for greater public input op-portunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 185. A resolution recognizing and expressing support for the goals and ideals of National Water Safety Month; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. Res. 186. A resolution recognizing the Aviation Cadet Museum in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, as the national aviation cadet mu-seum of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. Res. 187. A resolution congratulating and honoring Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory on 50 years of groundbreaking discoveries; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 170, a bill to provide for non-preemption of measures by State and local governments to divest from enti-ties that engage in commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divest-ment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 319 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 319, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to estab-lish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits. S. 341 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 341, a bill to provide for congressional oversight of actions to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the applica-tion of sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for dis-ability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 447 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 447, a bill to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare com-petitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and acces-sories. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s bal-listic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and viola-tions of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 749 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 749, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require the disclosure of the annual percentage rates applicable to Federal student loans. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 806 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 806, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act to ensure College for All. 
S. 829 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.009 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3329 June 7, 2017 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 829, a bill to reauthorize the Assistance to Firefighters Grants pro-gram, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Re-sponse grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 926, a bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to es-tablish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 928, a bill to prohibit, as an unfair or deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conver-sion therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1018 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1018, a bill to provide humani-tarian assistance for the Venezuelan people, to defend democratic govern-ance and combat widespread public corruption in Venezuela, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chi-nese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. At the request of Ms. D
UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, supra. 
S. 1055 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1055, a bill to restrict the exportation of certain defense articles to the Philippine National Police, to work with the Philippines to support civil society and a public health ap-proach to substance abuse, to report on Chinese and other sources of narcotics to the Republic of the Philippines, and for other purposes. 
S. 1068 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1068, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide tax incentives for increased in-vestment in clean energy. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1099, a bill to provide for the iden-tification and prevention of improper payments and the identification of strategic sourcing opportunities by re-viewing and analyzing the use of Fed-eral agency charge cards. S. 1129 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1129, a bill to authorize appropria-tions for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes. 
S. 1146 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1146, a bill to enhance the ability of the Office of the National Ombudsman to assist small businesses in meeting regulatory requirements and develop outreach initiatives to pro-mote awareness of the services the Of-fice of the National Ombudsman pro-vides, and for other purposes. 
S. 1154 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1154, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to provide for the housing treatment of members of the Armed Forces and their spouses and de-pendents undergoing a permanent change of station in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 42 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 42, a joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed ex-port to the Government of the King-dom of Saudi Arabia of certain defense articles. 
S.J. RES. 44 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 44, a joint resolu-tion condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, ex-pressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence. 
S. RES. 136 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 136, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 102nd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
S. RES. 174 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 174, a resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International and cele-brating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humanitarian service. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 1305. A bill to provide U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection with ade-quate flexibility in its employment au-thorities; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the Customs and Border Protection Hiring and Reten-tion Act, or CBP HiRe Act. In recent years, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, has had a lot of trouble recruiting, hiring, and re-taining personnel to adequately staff the border and our ports of entry. Today, CBP is nearly 1,000 officers below the mandated staffing levels. The Border Patrol, whose duty it is to secure 6,000 miles of borderlands, suf-fers from a shortage of more than 1,800 agents. These shortages persist, despite ample backing and funding from Con-gress and the threat they pose to both national security and trade-reliant communities and economies, particu-larly in my State of Arizona. This has been frustrating for border commu-nities across the country, but it is es-pecially problematic for Arizona, a State that depends on both border se-curity and a lot of cross-border trade. For example, the Nogales port of entry in Southern Arizona is one of the busiest ports in the United States. It processes approximately $2.5 billion worth of produce each year. Arizona alone does about $15 billion in trade with Mexico alone, every year. Mexi-can shoppers spend about $8 million in stores in Arizona every day. However, the port currently is suf-fering from a 23-percent shortage of CBP officers. Our ports cannot effec-tively and efficiently facilitate the flow of commerce across the border without adequate staffing. One of the biggest challenges in both retaining and hiring new officers and agents for frontline positions has been the remoteness of CBP installations. CBP officers and border agents are often stationed in geographically re-mote and isolated locations. This like-ly contributes to the fact that, of those leaving the agency, nearly 30 percent of Border Patrol agents and over 10 per-cent of CBP officers are lost to other agencies. Massive staffing shortages aside, CBP is barely able to hire fast enough to fill the jobs left by departing agents and officers. So we have great needs that are not being filled, but we also have attrition we simply can’t replace. In fact, CBP hires only 1 out of every 64 applicants for officer positions, and 1 out of every 113 applicants for Border Patrol agent positions. This means that less than 2 percent of applicants manage to get through CBP’s hiring process. The situation at CBP today is simply unsustainable. Congress can’t sit idly by as slow hir-ing rates and accelerating attrition threaten the security of our borders and the underpinnings of our economy. To that end, I am pleased to introduce my CBP HiRe Act with Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.011 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3330 June 7, 2017 
HEITKAMP from North Dakota. This legislation would streamline the hiring process and allow the CBP to finally bring more agents and officers into frontline positions. Importantly, this bill gives CBP new tools to recruit and retain personnel in remote and hard-to-fill locations. This includes special salary rates and re-cruitment, relocation, and retention incentives. In addition, the bill will eliminate bureaucratic redtape by giving CBP the authority to use direct-hire authority and to expedite the hiring of qualified applicants. Right now, the situation is that they have to deal with other Fed-eral agencies and get virtually every incentive and program they want to approve and need to approve to hire more officers. They have to run it up the flagpole so many times with Fed-eral agencies that it simply takes too long. Lastly, the bill prevents CBP from disclosing an applicant’s polygraph re-sults with another Federal agency or non-Federal employer. Challenges re-lating to the administering of the poly-graph have resulted in approximately 65 percent of the individuals failing the test. Think about that. People who are in another law enforcement position, even those who have taken a polygraph be-fore just a year or two prior—many of them fear that a false positive on a polygraph exam might impact their ability to move to another Federal agency if that is disclosed. If you have a polygraph, which can’t be used in courts of law because it is not perfect or nowhere near perfect, then Federal agencies shouldn’t be able to forward that to other Federal agencies. It acts as a big disincentive for people to apply for these positions because a false positive on a polygraph exam might imperil their chances to work for another Federal agency or to work in law enforcement later in their ca-reer. This also creates a disincentive, as I mentioned, for individuals to want to be hired by CBP. In Arizona, safety and prosperity are inextricably linked to CBP’s ability to secure the border and facilitate trade. The CBP HiRe Act will give CBP the tools and flexibility necessary to ac-complish these missions. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan solution, and I look forward to seeing it move through the Senate without delay. 
By Mr. LEAHY: S. 1306. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish re-fundable tax credits for expenses relat-ing to ensuring safety and accessibility in historic structures; to the Com-mittee on Finance. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, founded more than two centuries ago, Vermont boasts a trove of historically preserved buildings, structures, and towns. These are part of our heritage, and our State’s character. Making a priority of managing and preserving our cultural heritage makes Vermont a National leader in this field. Of course, many of these historic structures do not meet modern fire pre-vention codes and lack basic features such as sprinklers, which can dras-tically reduce the potential for irrep-arable damage from a fire. Today I am reintroducing the Historic Downtown Preservation and Access Act, a bill that would create a refundable tax credit for the installation of fire sup-pression systems and elevators in older, multi-use buildings in historic downtowns. Every year, fires destroy numerous historic buildings that often serve as the center of towns and vil-lages across the nation. In 2011, the Brooks House in Brattleboro, Vermont, burned down after almost 150 years in use as a hotel and later, as a multi-use building for residential housing and commercial space. After six years of rebuilding and restoring, those who were displaced by this fire are finally getting back on their feet. The Historic Downtown Preservation and Access Act will establish a 50 per-cent refundable tax credit of up to $50,000 that incentivizes the installa-tion of sprinkler systems in order to help prevent and minimize damage caused by fire, including potential loss of life, extensive property damage, and, in some instances, federal funding that is reinvested during the restoration process. This bill also includes a provi-sion to encourage the installation of elevators in our historic buildings, making them accessible to all. This would ensure that upper floors for com-mercial or residential use are acces-sible to everyone, including tenants and their guests. Finally, this bill is updated to establish a tax credit for the costs incurred when removing haz-ardous substances from historic build-ings, like lead paint, asbestos, and radon. We should encourage the mainte-nance of the history and character of historic buildings and downtowns, while also ensuring that they remain safe and accessible to all. This bill is a responsible step forward in those ef-forts. As we look ahead to comprehen-sive tax reform, I hope that Congress will consider commonsense legislation like this that will help preserve our towns’ unique histories and legacy fea-tures for decades to come, while pro-moting the safety of all Americans. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. L
EAHY , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 1307. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand eligi-bility to receive refundable tax credits for coverage under a qualified health plan; to the Committee on Finance. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Affordable Health Insurance for the Middle Class Act, a common sense fix to improve af-fordability of health insurance on the individual market. I am pleased that Senators HASSAN , W ARREN , H ARRIS , B
ALDWIN , and L EAHY have joined this bill as original cosponsors, and I appre-ciate their support. Since its implementation, the Afford-able Care Act has helped to expand health care and control out-of-pocket costs for millions of Americans. Over 20 million people who were previously un-insured now have coverage, there are no yearly or lifetime limits on cov-erage, and no one can be denied cov-erage or charged more based on their gender or because of a pre-existing health condition. The Affordable Care Act also expanded the individual mar-ketplace, through which 18 million peo-ple currently get their coverage. Indi-viduals who make between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty level, and who do not have affordable em-ployer coverage available to them, can receive a tax credit subsidy to help pay for insurance on the individual market. This credit limits the cost of insurance at 9.69 percent of an individual’s in-come. However, someone who makes just one dollar above the income threshold immediately loses all federal assist-ance. This ‘cliff’ unfairly impacts mid-dle-income Americans who are by no means wealthy, but who make just barely too much to qualify for the tax credit. I am particularly concerned about my constituents between the ages of 50 to 64, who are facing higher premiums as they age and who need ac-cess to health services but are not yet eligible for Medicare. To address this issue, the Affordable Health Insurance for the Middle Class Act would eliminate the current cliff, and instead gradually phase out federal assistance based on income. Nobody would pay more than 9.69 percent of their income for insurance, and once someone’s premium fell below this threshold, they would no longer receive federal assistance. For example, in my hometown of San Francisco, a 60-year-old making $50,000 currently pays $946 per month for the second-lowest cost Silver plan and does not receive federal assistance. Under this bill, their premium would be capped at $404, or 9.69 percent of their income, and the tax credit subsidy would cover the rest. This bill would create a fairer and more predictable system, ensuring that consumers on the individual market know just how much their insurance will cost and will have affordable options available. The Affordable Care Act has reduced costs and expanded benefits for many Ameri-cans, and it is critical that we build on this progress to further improve the law—not destroy it. The bill is supported by a number of organizations, including the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, AANS, Child Welfare League of Amer-ica, Congress of Neurological Surgeons, CNS, Families USA, Lung Cancer Alli-ance, and National Farmers Union. This legislation is a simple fix that provides relief for middle-income 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.028 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3331 June 7, 2017 
Americans and strengthens afford-ability protections for coverage through the individual market. I urge all of my colleagues to cosponsor the Affordable Health Insurance for the Middle Class Act. Thank you Mr. Presi-dent and I yield the floor. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 1308. A bill to increase authorized funding for the Soo Locks; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to speak about legislation I am intro-ducing with my colleague from Michi-gan Senator S
TABENOW to authorize funding for a new Soo Lock. Since 1855, locks at the St. Mary’s River have allowed ships to pass be-tween Lake Superior and Lake Huron. In modern times, this waterway has al-lowed large freighters to move coal, iron ore, and agricultural products throughout the Great Lakes. The Soo Locks are the most important link in a critical supply chain that connects iron ore mines in Minnesota and Michi-gan’s Upper Peninsula with steel mills and manufacturing facilities all across the country. During World War II, Congress au-thorized funding for a new lock because it was clear the country’s ability to move iron ore to steel plants in Michi-gan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania was abso-lutely critical for the war effort. It took less than 2 years to complete that project after Congress authorized the funding in 1942. President Roosevelt signed an Execu-tive order establishing the military district of Sault Saint Marie, and the Army stationed 10,000 troops there to defend the Soo Locks by land, air, and sea—so great was the fear that a Ger-man attack would instantly cripple Al-lied efforts to produce steel and weap-ons. Today, there is only one Soo Lock— the Poe Lock—that is large enough to accommodate modern freighters, espe-cially the 1,000-foot-long vessels that move millions of tons of iron ore each and every year. Over 80 percent of the commodities that flow through the Soo Locks must pass through the Poe Lock, and each one of those 1,000-foot freighters carries the equivalent of 3,000 truckloads of commodities. It is not possible to move that amount of iron ore in these 1,000-foot freighters by rail or by road, and on top of that, the steel mills are only equipped to handle the iron ore supply by water. A study conducted by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in 2015 con-firmed that it is the Achilles’ heel of our economy. Key findings from the Department say: ‘‘A disruption of the Poe Lock likely will cause an almost complete shutdown of Great Lake steel production.’’ The report goes on to say: ‘‘A shut-down of Great Lakes steel production likely will cause almost all North American appliances, automobiles, construction equipment, farm equip-ment, mining equipment, and railcar production to cease within weeks.’’ Within weeks. The Homeland Secu-rity report estimates that 11 million Americans would lose their jobs if this were to happen. Consider the fact that the jobs of millions of American workers depend on the ability of large ships to pass, as depicted, from here to here on the St. Mary’s Falls Canal. Currently, there is only one lock that can accommodate this task. If this lock shuts down, steel plants in Ohio and Indiana and Ken-tucky shut down. Auto plants in Texas, Tennessee, California, and Michigan shut down. The American economy shuts down. The losses would be felt throughout the United States, wher-ever steel is used in the manufacturing process. We are taking an unacceptable risk if we do not act swiftly to ensure that there is a backup in the case of a lock failure. That is why I am joining Sen-ator S
TABENOW and members of the Michigan congressional delegation from both parties to introduce a bill that would authorize the funding for constructing another larger Poe-sized lock. The current authorization for the project is far below projected cost esti-mates. Our bill, which was introduced today, if enacted, will allow the Army Corps to move directly into the design and construction phase. We do not have a moment to lose. Just last week, I traveled to the Soo Locks for a tour with members of the Michigan congressional delegation, and we saw firsthand how the dedicated men and women of the Army Corps are working to keep the locks functioning. They go to work each and every day with a full understanding of how the safety and security of the Nation rests with their ability to maintain this crit-ical infrastructure. It is a credit to the skill of the Army Corps of Engineers that freighters have been able to pass through the St. Mary’s on their jour-neys around the Great Lakes almost without interruption. But they are working with equipment that has been maintained well beyond its life cycle and in some cases beyond two life cy-cles. When I was there last week, I saw 100-year-old water pumps still in use. We cannot continue to rely on the in-frastructure investments made by our grandparents and great-grandparents. It is time to invest in our country and the well-being of our economy for fu-ture generations and pass the Soo Locks Modernization Act. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B URR, and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 1311. A bill to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1311 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Abolish Human Trafficking Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Preserving Domestic Trafficking Vic-tims’ Fund. Sec. 3. Mandatory restitution for victims of commercial sexual exploi-tation. Sec. 4. Victim-witness assistance in sexual exploitation cases. Sec. 5. Victim protection training for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. Sec. 6. Implementing a victim-centered ap-proach to human trafficking. Sec. 7. Direct services for child victims of human trafficking. Sec. 8. Holistic training for Federal law en-forcement officers and prosecu-tors. Sec. 9. Best practices in delivering justice for victims of trafficking. Sec. 10. Training for health professionals. Sec. 11. Improving the national strategy to combat human trafficking. Sec. 12. Specialized human trafficking train-ing and technical assistance for service providers. Sec. 13. Enhanced penalties for human traf-ficking, child exploitation, and repeat offenders. Sec. 14. Targeting organized human traf-ficking perpetrators. Sec. 15. Investigating complex human traf-ficking networks. Sec. 16. Combating sex tourism. Sec. 17. Human Trafficking Justice Coordi-nators. Sec. 18. Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Human Traf-ficking. Sec. 19. Additional reporting on crime. Sec. 20. Making the Presidential Survivor Council permanent. Sec. 21. Strengthening the National Human Trafficking Hotline. Sec. 22. Ending government partnerships with the commercial sex indus-try. Sec. 23. Study of human trafficking victim privilege. Sec. 24. Understanding the effects of severe forms of trafficking in persons. Sec. 25. Combating trafficking in persons. Sec. 26. Grant accountability. 
SEC. 2. PRESERVING DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ FUND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Domestic Trafficking Vic-tims’ Fund established under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code— (1) is intended to supplement, and not sup-plant, any other funding for domestic traf-ficking victims; and (2) has achieved the objective described in paragraph (1) since the establishment of the Fund. (b) E
NSURING FULLFUNDING .—Section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.016 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3332 June 7, 2017 
(2) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing the mandatory imposition of civil rem-edies for satisfaction of an unpaid fine as au-thorized under section 3613, where appro-priate’’ after ‘‘criminal cases’’; and (3) in subsection (h)(3), by inserting ‘‘and child victims of a severe form of trafficking (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102))’’ after ‘‘child pornog-raphy victims’’. 
SEC. 3. MANDATORY RESTITUTION FOR VICTIMS OF COMMERCIAL SEXUAL EXPLOI-TATION. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2429. Mandatory restitution ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3663 or 3663A, and in addition to any other civil or criminal penalty authorized by law, the court shall order restitution for any of-fense under this chapter. ‘‘(b) S
COPE AND NATURE OF ORDER .— ‘‘(1) D
IRECTIONS .—An order of restitution under this section shall direct the defendant to pay the victim (through the appropriate court mechanism) the full amount of the vic-tim’s losses, as determined by the court under paragraph (3). ‘‘(2) E
NFORCEMENT .—An order of restitution under this section shall be issued and en-forced in accordance with section 3664 in the same manner as an order under section 3663A. ‘‘(3) F
ULL AMOUNT OF THE VICTIM ’S LOSSES  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘full amount of the victim’s losses’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2259(b)(3); and ‘‘(B) includes the gross income or value to the defendant of the victim’s services, if the services constitute commercial sex acts as defined under section 1591. ‘‘(4) F
ORFEITURE OF PROPERTY .—The for- feiture of property under this subsection shall be governed by the provisions of sec-tion 413 (other than subsection (d) of such section 413) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 853). ‘‘(c) V
ICTIM DEFINED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘victim’ means the individual harmed as a result of the commission of a crime under this chapter. ‘‘(2) A
SSUMPTION OF CRIME VICTIM ’S 
RIGHTS .—In the case of a victim who is under 18 years of age, incompetent, incapacitated, or deceased, the legal guardian of the victim, a representative of the victim’s estate, or any other person appointed as suitable by the court may assume the crime victim’s rights under this section ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION .—A defendant charged with an offense under this chapter may not be named as a representative or guardian of a victim of the offense.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 117 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2428 the fol-lowing: ‘‘2429. Mandatory restitution.’’. 
SEC. 4. VICTIM-WITNESS ASSISTANCE IN SEXUAL EXPLOITATION CASES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF DOJ A PPROPRIA -
TIONS .—Section 524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, chapter 110 of title 18’’ after ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE 31.—Section 9705(a)(2)(B)(v) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, chapter 109A of title 18 (relating to sexual abuse), chapter 110 of title 18 (relating to child sex-ual exploitation), or chapter 117 of title 18 (relating to transportation for illegal sexual activity and related crimes)’’ after ‘‘(relat-ing to human trafficking)’’. SEC. 5. VICTIM PROTECTION TRAINING FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IX of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 641 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 906. VICTIM PROTECTION TRAINING FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) D IRECTIVE TO DHS L AWENFORCEMENT  O
FFICIALS AND TASKFORCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue a directive to— ‘‘(A) all Federal law enforcement officers and relevant personnel employed by the De-partment who may be involved in the inves-tigation of human trafficking offenses; and ‘‘(B) members of all task forces led by the Department that participate in the inves-tigation of human trafficking offenses. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INSTRUCTIONS .—The direc-tive required to be issued under paragraph (1) shall include instructions on— ‘‘(A) the investigation of individuals who patronize or solicit human trafficking vic-tims as being engaged in severe trafficking in persons and how such individuals should be investigated for their roles in severe traf-ficking in persons; and ‘‘(B) how victims of sex or labor trafficking often engage in criminal acts as a direct re-sult of severe trafficking in persons and such individuals are victims of a crime and af-firmative measures should be taken to avoid arresting, charging, or prosecuting such indi-viduals for any offense that is the direct re-sult of their victimization. ‘‘(b) V
ICTIM SCREENING PROTOCOL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue a screening pro-tocol for use during all anti-trafficking law enforcement operations in which the Depart-ment is involved. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The protocol required to be issued under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) require the individual screening of all adults and children who are suspected of en-gaging in commercial sex acts, child labor that is a violation of law, or work in viola-tion of labor standards to determine whether each individual screened is a victim of human trafficking; ‘‘(B) require affirmative measures to avoid arresting, charging, or prosecuting human trafficking victims for any offense that is the direct result of their victimization; ‘‘(C) be developed in consultation with rel-evant interagency partners and nongovern-mental organizations that specialize in the prevention of human trafficking or in the identification and support of victims of human trafficking and survivors of human trafficking; and ‘‘(D) include— ‘‘(i) procedures and practices to ensure that the screening process minimizes trauma or revictimization of the person being screened; and ‘‘(ii) guidelines on assisting victims of human trafficking in identifying and receiv-ing restorative services. ‘‘(c) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—The training described in sections 902 and 904 shall include training necessary to implement— ‘‘(1) the directive required under sub-section (a); and ‘‘(2) the protocol required under subsection (b).’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227) is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 905 the following: ‘‘Sec. 906. Victim protection training for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity.’’. SEC. 6. IMPLEMENTING A VICTIM-CENTERED AP-PROACH TO HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)(ii); by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In selecting recipients of grants under this paragraph that are only available for law enforcement operations or task forces, the Attorney General may give priority to any applicant that files an attes-tation with the Attorney General stating that— ‘‘(i) the grant funds— ‘‘(I) will be used to assist in the prevention of severe forms of trafficking in persons in accordance with Federal law; ‘‘(II) will be used to strengthen efforts to investigate and prosecute those who know-ingly benefit financially from participation in a venture that has engaged in any act of human trafficking; ‘‘(III) will be used to take affirmative measures to avoid arresting, charging, or prosecuting victims of human trafficking for any offense that is the direct result of their victimization; and ‘‘(IV) will not be used to require a victim of human trafficking to collaborate with law enforcement officers as a condition of access to any shelter or restorative services; and ‘‘(ii) the applicant will provide dedicated resources for anti-human trafficking law en-forcement for a period that is longer than the duration of the grant received under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 7. DIRECT SERVICES FOR CHILD VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)) is amended— (1) in the heading by inserting ‘‘C
HILD VIC-
TIMS OF A SEVERE FORM OF TRAFFICKING IN  P
ERSONS AND ’’ before ‘‘V ICTIMS OF CHILD POR-
NOGRAPHY ’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘victims of a severe form of trafficking (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A)) who were under the age of 18 at the time of the offense and’’ before ‘‘victims of child pornography’’. 
SEC. 8. HOLISTIC TRAINING FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS AND PROSECUTORS. 
All training required under the Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 14044g) and section 105(c)(4) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4)) shall— (1) emphasize that an individual who know-ingly solicits or patronizes a commercial sex act from a person who was a minor (con-sistent with section 1591(c) of title 18, United States Code) or was subject to force, fraud, or coercion is guilty of an offense under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, and is a party to a human trafficking of-fense; (2) develop specific curriculum for— (A) under appropriate circumstances, ar-resting and prosecuting buyers of commer-cial sex, child labor that is a violation of law, or forced labor as a form of primary pre-vention; and (B) investigating and prosecuting individ-uals who knowingly benefit financially from participation in a venture that has engaged in any act of human trafficking; and (3) specify that any comprehensive ap-proach to eliminating human trafficking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.017 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3333 June 7, 2017 
shall include a demand reduction compo-nent. 
SEC. 9. BEST PRACTICES IN DELIVERING JUS-TICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall issue guidance to all offices and compo-nents of the Department of Justice— (1) emphasizing that an individual who knowingly solicits or patronizes a commer-cial sex act from a person who was a minor (consistent with section 1591(c) of title 18, United States Code) or was subject to force, fraud, or coercion is guilty of an offense under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, and is a party to a severe form of traf-ficking in persons, as that term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)); (2) recommending and implementing best practices for the collection of special assess-ments under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 228), including a directive that civil liens are an authorized collection method and remedy under section 3613 of title 18, United States Code; and (3) clarifying that commercial sexual ex-ploitation is a form of gender-based violence. 
SEC. 10. TRAINING FOR HEALTH PROFES-SIONALS. 
Section 107 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) T
RAINING FOR HEALTH PROFES -
SIONALS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘pilot program’ means the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program estab-lished under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(2) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-tinue a pilot program, which shall be known as the ‘Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program’ or the ‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Train-ing pilot program’. ‘‘(B) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—Under the pilot program, the Secretary may award grants to appropriate entities to train health care pro-viders— ‘‘(i) to identify potential human traf-ficking victims; ‘‘(ii) to work with law enforcement agen-cies to report human trafficking and facili-tate communication with human trafficking victims, in accordance with all applicable Federal, State, local, and tribal laws, includ-ing legal confidentiality requirements for patients and health care providers; ‘‘(iii) to refer such victims to appropriate social or victims service agencies or organi-zations; ‘‘(iv) to provide such victims with appro-priate patient-centered, evidence-based care; and ‘‘(v) to foster the practice of interprofes-sional collaboration, including practices used by organizations other than health care organizations. ‘‘(C) F
UNCTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The functions of the pilot program shall include, as appropriate, the functions of the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training program that was operating on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this sub-section and any of the authorized initiatives described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
UTHORIZED INITIATIVES .—The author-ized initiatives of the pilot program shall in-clude— ‘‘(I) engaging stakeholders, including vic-tims of human trafficking and Federal, State, local, or tribal partners; ‘‘(II) making grants available to support training in health care sites that represent diversity in— ‘‘(aa) geography; ‘‘(bb) the demographics of the population served; ‘‘(cc) the predominate types of human traf-ficking cases; and ‘‘(dd) health care provider profiles; and ‘‘(III) providing technical assistance to as-sist grantees in— ‘‘(aa) achieving the objectives described in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(bb) reporting on any best practices they identify. ‘‘(D) TERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate not later than October 1, 2022. ‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION AND REPORTING RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
ATA COLLECTION .—During any of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022 in which the Secretary carries out any of the authorized initiatives described in paragraph (2)(C), the Secretary shall collect data and report on— ‘‘(i) the total number of entities that re-ceived a grant under this subsection— ‘‘(I) during the previous fiscal year; ‘‘(II) between the previous fiscal year and the date of the enactment of this subsection; and ‘‘(III) between the date of the enactment of this subsection and the date of the establish-ment of the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training program that was operating on the day before the date of the enactment of this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) the total number of health care pro-viders and other related providers that par-ticipated in training supported by the pilot program— ‘‘(I) during the previous fiscal year; ‘‘(II) between the previous fiscal year and the date of the enactment of this subsection; and ‘‘(III) between the date of the enactment of this subsection and the date of the establish-ment of the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training program that was operating on the day before the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 90 days after the first day of each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to Congress a report on the data collected under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) S
HARING BEST PRACTICES .—The Sec- retary shall make available, on the website of the Department of Health and Human Services, a description of the evidence-based practices and procedures used by entities that receive a grant under the pilot program for carrying out the activities described in paragraph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 11. IMPROVING THE NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 606(b) of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 14044h(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A national strategy to prevent human trafficking and reduce demand for human trafficking victims.’’. 
SEC. 12. SPECIALIZED HUMAN TRAFFICKING TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE FOR SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111 of the Vio-lence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044f) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ LAW EN- FORCEMENT TRAINING PROGRAMS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘SPECIALIZED HUMAN TRAFFICKING TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ’’; (2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘means a State or a local government.’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(A) a State or unit of local government; ‘‘(B) a federally recognized Indian tribal government, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior; ‘‘(C) a victim service provider; ‘‘(D) a nonprofit or for-profit organization (including a tribal nonprofit or for-profit or-ganization); ‘‘(E) a national organization; or ‘‘(F) an institution of higher education (in-cluding tribal institutions of higher edu-cation).’’; (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) GRANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney General may award grants to eligible enti-ties to— ‘‘(1) provide training to identify and pro-tect victims of trafficking; ‘‘(2) improve quality and quantity of serv-ices offered to trafficking survivors; and ‘‘(3) improve victim service providers’ part-nerships with Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies and other relevant entities.’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) provide technical assistance on the range of services available to victim service providers who serve trafficking victims; ‘‘(5) develop and distribute materials, in-cluding materials identifying best practices in accordance with Federal law and policies, to support victim service providers working with human trafficking victims; ‘‘(6) identify and disseminate other pub-lically available materials in accordance with Federal law to help build capacity of service providers; ‘‘(7) provide training at relevant con-ferences, through webinars, or through other mechanisms in accordance with Federal law; or ‘‘(8) assist service providers in developing additional resources such as partnerships with Federal, State, tribal, and local law en-forcement agencies and other relevant enti-ties in order to access a range of available services in accordance with Federal law.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of the Violence Against Women and Depart-ment of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162; 119 Stat. 2960) is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 111 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 111. Grants for specialized human traf-ficking training and technical assistance for service pro-viders.’’. 
SEC. 13. ENHANCED PENALTIES FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKING, CHILD EXPLOI-TATION, AND REPEAT OFFENDERS. 
Part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in chapter 77— (A) in section 1583(a), in the flush text fol-lowing paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘not more than 20 years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 30 years’’; (B) in section 1587, by striking ‘‘four years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’; and (C) in section 1591(d), by striking ‘‘20 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’; and (2) in section 2426— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘twice’’ and inserting ‘‘3 times’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1)(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.017 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3334 June 7, 2017 
SEC. 14. TARGETING ORGANIZED HUMAN TRAF-FICKING PERPETRATORS. 
Section 521(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) a Federal offense involving human trafficking, sexual abuse, sexual exploi-tation, or transportation for prostitution or any illegal sexual activity; and’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1), (2), or (3)’’. 
SEC. 15. INVESTIGATING COMPLEX HUMAN TRAF-FICKING NETWORKS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘section 1582 (vessels for slave trade), section 1583 (enticement into slavery),’’ after ‘‘section 1581 (peonage),’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘section 1585 (seizure, de-tention, transportation or sale of slaves), section 1586 (service on vessels in slave trade), section 1587 (possession of slaves aboard vessel), section 1588 (transportation of slaves from United States),’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 1584 (involuntary servitude),’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘kidnapping human’’ and inserting ‘‘kidnapping, human’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘production, ,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘production, prostitution,’’. 
SEC. 16. COMBATING SEX TOURISM. 
Section 2423 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘for the purpose’’ and inserting ‘‘with a motivating purpose’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘for the purpose of engaging’’ and inserting ‘‘with a motivating purpose of engaging’’. 
SEC. 17. HUMAN TRAFFICKING JUSTICE COORDI-NATORS. 
(a) H UMAN TRAFFICKING JUSTICE COORDINA -
TORS .—The Attorney General shall designate in each Federal judicial district not less than 1 Assistant United States Attorney to serve as the Human Trafficking Coordinator for the district who, in addition to any other re-sponsibilities, works with a human traf-ficking victim-witness specialist and shall be responsible for— (1) serving as the legal counsel for the Fed-eral judicial district on matters relating to human trafficking; (2) prosecuting, or assisting in the prosecu-tion of, human trafficking cases; (3) conducting public outreach and aware-ness activities relating to human traf-ficking; (4) ensuring the collection of data required to be collected under clause (viii) of section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)), as added by section 18 of this Act; (5) coordinating with other Federal agen-cies, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, victim service providers, and other relevant non-governmental organizations to build partnerships on activities relating to human trafficking; and (6) ensuring the collection of restitution for victims as required to be ordered under section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, and section 2429 of such title, as added by section 3 of this Act. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE COORDI -
NATOR .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney Gen-eral shall designate an official who shall co-ordinate human trafficking efforts within the Department of Justice who, in addition to any other responsibilities, shall be respon-sible for— (1) coordinating, promoting, and sup-porting the work of the Department of Jus-tice relating to human trafficking, including investigation, prosecution, training, out-reach, victim support, grant-making, and policy activities; (2) in consultation with survivors of human trafficking, compiling, conducting, and dis-seminating, including making publicly avail-able when appropriate, replication guides and training materials for law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judges, emergency re-sponders, individuals working in victim serv-ices, adult and child protective services, so-cial services, and public safety, medical per-sonnel, mental health personnel, financial services personnel, and any other individuals whose work may bring them in contact with human trafficking regarding how to— (A) conduct investigations in human traf-ficking cases; (B) address evidentiary issues and other legal issues; and (C) appropriately assess, respond to, and interact with victims and witnesses in human trafficking cases, including in admin-istrative, civil, and criminal judicial pro-ceedings; and (3) carrying out such other duties as the Attorney General determines necessary in connection with enhancing the under-standing, prevention, and detection of, and response to, human trafficking. SEC. 18. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE TO MON-ITOR AND COMBAT HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— (1) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(viii) the number of convictions obtained under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, aggregated separately by the form of offense committed with respect to the vic-tim, including recruiting, enticing, har-boring, transporting, providing, obtaining, advertising, maintaining, patronizing, or so-liciting a human trafficking victim; and’’. 
SEC. 19. ADDITIONAL REPORTING ON CRIME. 
Section 237(b) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (28 U.S.C. 534 note) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) incidents of assisting or promoting prostitution, child labor that is a violation of law, or forced labor of an individual under the age of 18 as described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(5) incidents of purchasing or soliciting commercial sex acts, child labor that is a violation of law, or forced labor with an indi-vidual under the age of 18 as described in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 20. MAKING THE PRESIDENTIAL SURVIVOR COUNCIL PERMANENT. 
Section 115 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 243) is amended by striking sub-section (h). 
SEC. 21. STRENGTHENING THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE. 
(a) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 105(d)(3) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(3)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and providing an annual report on the case referrals received from the national human trafficking hotline by Fed-eral departments and agencies’’ after ‘‘inter-national trafficking’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and reporting require-ments’’ after ‘‘Any data collection proce-dures’’. (b) HOTLINE INFORMATION .—Section 107(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)(ii)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The number of the na-tional human trafficking hotline described in this clause shall be posted in a visible place in all Federal buildings.’’. 
SEC. 22. ENDING GOVERNMENT PARTNERSHIPS WITH THE COMMERCIAL SEX INDUS-TRY. 
No Federal funds or resources may be used for the operation of, participation in, or partnership with any program that involves the provision of funding or resources to an organization that— (1) has the primary purpose of providing adult entertainment; and (2) derives profits from the commercial sex trade. 
SEC. 23. STUDY OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING VICTIM PRIVILEGE. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Judicial Conference of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study on the necessity and desirability of amending the Federal Rules of Evidence to establish a Federal evi-dentiary privilege for confidential commu-nications between a victim of human traf-ficking, regardless of whether the victim of human trafficking is a party to a legal ac-tion, and a caseworker assisting the victim of human trafficking; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 24. UNDERSTANDING THE EFFECTS OF SE-VERE FORMS OF TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 258) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 607. UNDERSTANDING THE PHYSICAL AND PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECTS OF SE-VERE FORMS OF TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Institute of Justice and the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention shall jointly conduct a study on the short-term and long-term phys-ical and psychological effects of serious harm (as that term is defined in section 1589(c)(2) and section 1591(e)(4) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-457; 122 Stat. 5044)) in order to deter-mine the most effective types of services for individuals who are identified as victims of these crimes, including victims in cases that were not investigated or prosecuted by any law enforcement agency, and how new or current treatment and programming options should be tailored to address the unique needs and barriers associated with these vic-tims. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Abolish Human Trafficking Act of 2017, the National Insti-tute of Justice and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall make available to the public the results, including any asso-ciated recommendations, of the study con-ducted under subsection (a).’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227) is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 606 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.017 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3335 June 7, 2017 
‘‘Sec. 607. Understanding the physical and psychological effects of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 25. COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
(a) T RAFFICKING VICTIMS PREVENTION ACT 
OF2000 P ROGRAMS .—Section 113 of the Traf-ficking Victims Prevention Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’; and (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT AND REAUTHORIZATION  
OFGRANTS TO COMBAT CHILD SEXTRAF-
FICKING .— (1) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED PROVISION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 202 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a) is amended to read as such section read on March 6, 2017. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1241(b) of the Violence Against Women Reau-thorization Act of 2013 (42 U.S.C. 14004a note) is repealed. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as though enacted on March 6, 2017. (3) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 202(i) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2005, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) F
UNDING .—For each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General is authorized to allocate up to $8,000,000 of the amounts appropriated pursuant to section 113(d)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Preven-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110(d)(1)) to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 26. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means an agency authorized to award grants under this Act; (2) the term ‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant authorized to be awarded under this Act; and (3) the term ‘‘covered official’’ means the head of a covered agency. (b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: (1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— (A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the In-spector General of a covered agency that the audited grantee has utilized funds under a covered grant for an unauthorized expendi-ture or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. (B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, and in each fiscal year there-after, the Inspector General of a covered agency shall conduct audits of recipients of covered grants to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. (C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of funds under a covered grant that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive funds under a covered grant during the first 2 fiscal years begin-ning after the end of the 12-month period de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants, a covered official shall give priority to eligi-ble applicants that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for the cov-ered grant. (E) REIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed funds under a covered grant during the 2- fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving covered grants under subparagraph (C), a covered official shall— (i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and (ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the recipient of the covered grant that was erroneously awarded grant funds. (2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-graph and each covered grant program, the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an or-ganization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (B) P
ROHIBITION .—A covered grant may not be awarded to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reason-ableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the applicable covered official, in the application for the covered grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, a covered official shall make the information disclosed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. (3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to a covered agency to carry out a cov-ered grant program may be used by a covered official, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a coop-erative agreement under a covered grant pro-gram, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available by the covered agency, unless the covered official provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. (B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, hono-raria for speakers, and entertainment. (C) R
EPORT .— (i) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual re-port to the appropriate committees of Con-gress on all conference expenditures ap-proved under this paragraph. (ii) D
EPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN  
SERVICES .—The Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress an annual report on all conference expenditures ap-proved under this paragraph. (iii) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— The Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an annual report on all con-ference expenditures approved under this paragraph. (4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, each covered offi-cial shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress an annual certification— (A) indicating whether— (i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-spector General of the applicable covered agency under paragraph (1) have been com-pleted and reviewed by the appropriate offi-cial; (ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and (iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and (B) that includes a list of any recipients of a covered grant excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. (c) PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before a covered official awards a covered grant, the covered official shall compare potential awards under the covered grant program with other covered grants awarded to determine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same pur-pose. (2) R
EPORT .—If a covered official awards duplicate covered grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the covered offi-cial shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report that includes— (A) a list of all duplicate covered grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any duplicate covered grants awarded; and (B) the reason the covered official awarded the duplicate covered grants. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1312. A bill to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, this week, I am introducing a bill known as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2017. I want to thank Senators F
EIN-
STEIN , C ORNYN , K LOBUCHAR , C ORKER  and R
UBIO for joining as original co-sponsors. I also want to thank the many organizations that support this bill and worked so closely with us on its development; they include Rights4Girls, Polaris, the ATEST Coa-lition, Shared Hope International, the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children, the National Associa-tion of VOCA Assistance Administra-tors, and the National District Attor-neys Association. As its title implies, our legislation is aimed at combating the terrible scourge of human trafficking in the United States. To call trafficking vic-tims’ suffering a grave violation of our most basic human rights would be an understatement. Trafficking is a life- shattering crime that too-often goes unnoticed, despite the profound injury it inflicts on its victims and our soci-ety. Traffickers typically operate in the shadows, making it hard to iden-tify them as well as their victims. That invisibility makes it harder still to res-cue the victims and bring the perpetra-tors to justice. But there are some things we do know about human trafficking, and we know them with some certainty. We know, for example, that trafficking is happening in rural areas, in cities, and in the suburbs. It is not confined to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.017 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3336 June 7, 2017 
one area, because it has become so profitable. It has become a problem of national significance. To be sure, we have made some strides in combating this terrible crime since the passage of the original Trafficking Victims Protection Act, or TVPA, over 15 years ago. The TVPA, last reauthorized in 2013, authorizes some very important programs to help victims. The bill I’m introducing this week updates and extends a number of these programs, which are under the jurisdiction of the Departments of Jus-tice and Labor. Senator C
ORNYN this week is introducing a complementary bill that would reauthorize other TVPA programs, including those at the Departments of Health and Homeland Security. This is not the first time we have col-laborated on this subject. Two years ago, Senator C
ORNYN sponsored, and I cosponsored, another important meas-ure, known as the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. As chair of the Ju-diciary Committee, I made that 2015 law’s passage a top priority for our Committee and fought for its enact-ment. It established a new fund to help cover survivors’ services and also equipped law enforcement with new tools to fight traffickers. The services authorized under this 2015 statute are crucial to helping survivors rebuild their lives with dignity. The bill that I am introducing this week is a critical next step in ensuring that human trafficking is prevented, its perpetrators prosecuted, and its vic-tims protected. This bill, drafted with bipartisan support, would require more training for investigative personnel at the Departments of Justice and Home-land Security. It also extends a grant program by which school personnel can receive training to recognize and re-spond to signs of trafficking in our edu-cational system. This bill also offers increased assist-ance to prosecutors and law enforce-ment agencies in their fight against human trafficking. For instance, it au-thorizes the Secret Service to offer in-vestigative and forensic assistance to other crime fighting agencies. And it updates key provisions of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, which au-thorizes the important work of the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children. The Center operates a cyber tipline by which internet service pro-viders can report child sexual abuse. Additionally, the bill I am intro-ducing signals Congress’ continued sup-port for services available to traf-ficking victims who cooperate with federal law enforcement in trafficking investigations. Specifically, the bill authorizes an Office of Victim Assist-ance within the Department of Home-land Security. This office, which is staffed with specially trained victim assistance personnel, plays a crucial role in securing victims’ cooperation with trafficking investigations. Finally, this bill would promote the collection of more data on trafficking, and it would promote increased coordi-nation among the federal agencies en-gaged in combating this crime. Mean-ingful partnerships at the federal level can help expand awareness, leverage expertise, and facilitate creative solu-tions. In closing, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Thank you, Mr. President. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to join Senator GRASSLEY  in introducing the Trafficking Victims’ Protection Act of 2017. Last week, I met with a remarkable group of anti-trafficking stakeholders in Fresno, California, who reinforced what I have long held to be true: stamping out the horrific crime of human trafficking must be among our top priorities as lawmakers. At our meeting, Central Valley law enforce-ment, service providers and, most im-portantly, survivors of human traf-ficking educated me about the nature and prevalence of sex and labor traf-ficking in the Central Valley. I learned that counties like Fresno and Tulare serve as key stops along major Cali-fornia trafficking circuits, with vic-tims as young as 10-years-old being shipped to Los Angeles, Las Vegas and beyond. I also learned that in 2016 alone, Fresno Police arrested more than 140 sex buyers and traffickers. This tells me that the demand for traf-ficking is far too high. Central Valley law enforcement and service providers are working together to reduce this de-mand, crack down on traffickers, and better serve victims, through a unique, highly-coordinated and victim-cen-tered approach that I believe ought to be emulated nationwide. Over the past seven years they have teamed up to identify and critically to provide comprehensive services to nearly 500 trafficking victims. When Central Valley law enforcement took down a trafficking ring last year, the ring leader and two of his associates were arrested and prosecuted, and ap-proximately 50 victims were rescued, including 23 children. These victims were all provided with wraparound services, and the ring leader was sen-tenced to 40 years in prison. This is the kind of coordinated, victim centered work we need to support and replicate nationwide. The Trafficking Victims’ Protection Act of 2017 aims to do that. I have now met with law enforce-ment, service providers and survivors representing Southern, Central and Northern California. All have made one thing abundantly clear: lawmakers at all levels of government must commit whatever time and resources are need-ed to thwart this horrendous crime. Over the past two decades, Congress has taken action to combat human trafficking. We passed the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and, 8 years later, passed the William Wilber-force Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act. And two years ago, Congress passed the Justice for Victims of Human Trafficking Act—a landmark piece of legislation. The law focuses on reducing demand, rescuing victims, educating law enforcement and judges, and making sure that traf-ficking enterprises are put out of busi-ness. But it is clear that our work is far from done. The human trafficking industry continues to be one of the big-gest criminal enterprises in the world and it is constantly evolving. The use of the internet to sell children for sex has escalated dramatically over the past several years. In my home State, District Attorney Nancy O’Malley and her pioneering anti-trafficking team identified 47,719 internet users looking to purchase sex in Alameda County alone during a sin-gle month. Many of the victims posted on these sites are underage. In one sur-vivor study, a staggering 75% of minor sex trafficking victims reported being bought or sold online. And last year, the Washington Post reported dev-astating accounts about human traf-ficking is also committed by Islamic State fighters, who sell young girls over platforms such as Facebook. The bill that Senator G
RASSLEY and I have introduced includes a provision that would give to law enforcement an additional tool to prevent human traf-fickers from accessing the internet and other tech platforms to sell minors for commercial sex. Under current current law, it is a criminal offense to adver-tise commercial sex acts with a minor. This legislation would add civil injunc-tion authority to the criminal provi-sion, providing the Department of Jus-tice with a more readily accessible tool to deny human traffickers access to tech platforms to commit trafficking crimes. The bill also supports and strengthens efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to human trafficking crimes. It allows school resource officers at schools to train school personnel to recognize and respond to signs of child sex trafficking. This is important be-cause kids are often recruited at schools. In one heartbreaking case in Oakland, California, a 12-year-old stu-dent with top grades suddenly changed her normal behavior. She stopped com-pleting her assignments, became with-drawn, and began wearing provocative clothing. Eventually, she stopped going to school altogether. Her parents con-tacted the school looking for her, but no one was able to locate her. She was discovered 24 hours later on an online sex advertisement based out of Los An-geles. This 12-year-old girl had been groomed by a trafficker—but no one was able to recognize the signs of ex-ploitation. Teachers and school per-sonnel interact with these kids every day. They are critical in recognizing which kids are at risk or are about to become exploited. We need to be sure that they are familiar with the pat-terns and practices of human traf-fickers, and know how to identify and respond to suspected victims. In addition to working with Chair-man G
RASSLEY on the reauthorization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.021 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3337 June 7, 2017 
bill, I am also pleased to cosponsor Senator C
ORNYN and Senator K LO-
BUCHAR ’s Abolish Human Trafficking Act of 2017. One of the most important provisions of this bill is the mandatory designation of at least one Human Trafficking Justice Coordinator in each United States Attorney’s Office. This is critical to ensure that our judi-cial system treats human trafficking offenses with the seriousness they de-serve. Among other responsibilities, this Coordinator will be responsible for assisting in the prosecution of human trafficking cases. This includes the prosecution of those who solicit minors for commercial sex, a change in the law that was enacted in the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act. In 2015, former United States Attor-ney Eileen Decker conducted one of the first federal prosecutions of a buyer under this new statute. The buyer, a 59- year-old man from Torrance, admitted to lying to federal prosecutors about his conduct with a 16-year-old girl he met online and hired for commercial sex acts. He was sentenced to 57 months in prison. Former United States Attorney Decker remarked that this case should serve as a warning to adults who engage in this type of criminal conduct. It is critical that such prosecutions continue. Stemming the abuse and ex-ploitation of trafficking requires con-fronting not only the predatory sup-pliers, but also those who solicit young girls for commercial sex. The designa-tion of a Human Trafficking Justice Coordinator would ensure that those who violate human trafficking of-fenses, both buyers and sellers, are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The Human Justice Trafficking Coordinator would also be responsible for ensuring the collection of restitu-tion for victims. Restitution for trafficking victims is mandatory under federal law. More-over, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act requires the Justice De-partment to train prosecutors to seek restitution for trafficking victims, re-gardless of whether the victim requests restitution. Yet, we continue to see our judicial system failing to do right by victims. In a 2015 law review article, the Human Trafficking Pro Bono Legal Center reported on the appallingly low rates of restitution orders in human trafficking prosecutions. In a study of federal human trafficking cases brought over a four period, federal courts failed to order restitution in nearly two-thirds of cases involving sex trafficking offenses. And shockingly, they found that the victims least like-ly to obtain restitution orders were children trafficked in the sex industry. Less than one in three defendants who commit sex trafficking offenses against children were ordered to pay restitu-tion to their victims. This is unaccept-able. Furthermore, even if restitution is ordered against a trafficker, restitu-tion itself is not being effectively col-lected. In response the requests from the Judiciary Committee, the Attorney General included restitution order and collection data in the Department of Justice’s report on trafficking for fis-cal year 2015. Of the $4,268,358 ordered in restitution in 2015, only $987 was col-lected. While we may not expect to see full restitution collected in the year it is ordered, it is shocking that the total restitution collected is less than 1% of what was ordered. That is why we have tried to include additional restitution provisions in the bill to better support victims. For ex-ample, there is an additional provision in the bill to update the Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015, a bill that I authored with Senator P
ORTMAN . That bill mandated extensive training on restitution for prosecutors and judges. It is our hope that with these updates—and with the recent enact-ment of the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act of 2016 to make sure that prosecutors are held accountable in seeking restitution—victims will be better supported going forward. I am hopeful that we will be able to pass these bipartisan bills this Congress. I urge my colleagues in this body to sup-port the passage of this important, comprehensive legislation to protect trafficking victims. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mrs. C AP-
ITO): S. 1313. A bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I thank the senior Senator from Lou-isiana for working with me on the flood insurance bill that we are introducing today. This issue is so important to both of our States because both of our States have experienced enormous lev-els of flooding every year due to ex-treme weather. In New York, after Superstorm Sandy hit our State, millions of homes and businesses were damaged by flood-ing that occurred. My colleague from Louisiana could go on and on and will tell you about flood damage his own constituents have had to endure, so it should be clear to everyone here that it is not a partisan issue. Flooding can happen anywhere, in any State, from the Northeast to the gulf coast and everywhere else. Pro-tecting our communities from the dev-astation that comes from flooding should be one of our highest priorities in this Chamber. Unfortunately, the National Flood Insurance Program has not been doing its job very well. Too many families who have had their properties damaged in a flood or even destroyed in a flood have paid their flood insurance pre-miums year after year only to find out there was some loophole that pre-vented them from getting the coverage they need. We cannot turn our backs and allow this to keep happening. The bipartisan bill I have written with the Senator from Louisiana would ensure that flood insurance is more af-fordable for homeowners. It would make sure the Flood Insurance Pro-gram is no longer riddled with loop-holes that leave our homeowners stranded and fighting with insurance companies on their own, all while try-ing to recover and rebuild from the flood damage. It would finally give homeowners the peace of mind that flood insurance rates will actually be affordable so that low- and moderate- income homeowners are not priced out of their homes because of extreme rate increases. Our bill would also fund more projects to protect homes and commu-nities from flood risk in the first place. Our bill would more than double the amount of funding a homeowner can receive for raising the elevation of their home, which is a proven way to protect against floods in certain areas, and it would provide more funding for FEMA’s flood mitigation program. Those funds are used by States and local communities to plan and carry out projects that help manage flood risk to homes and other structures. After Superstorm Sandy hit New York, too many families in my State experienced what amounted to a dis-aster after that disaster. They encoun-tered engineering fraud. They had to deal with excessive delays and wide-spread underpayment of claims. This was shameful and totally unacceptable, especially for a program specifically designed to help people in their great-est time of need. So I am particularly pleased that this bill would fix some of the fundamental flaws in the National Flood Insurance Program’s claims and appeals process that harmed so many of my constituents. Our bill would prohibit engineering reports from being altered by anyone other than the person who inspected the home. That was one of the main causes of fraud for many homeowners in my State. It would require FEMA to have more direct oversight over the litigation costs and engineering costs that are billed to the government. It would repeal the onerous earth move-ment exemption, which too often has been used to deny flood claims to fami-lies who desperately need the payments after a flood. Our bill also would ensure that engi-neers and insurance companies are not shielded from legal liability when they do commit fraud, which, unfortunately, was much more common than anyone would even think. The Flood Insurance Program expires on September 30 of this year, and it is absolutely vital that we reauthorize it with strong reforms that protect home-owners. We need to do everything we can to ensure that the Flood Insurance Program is affordable, sustainable, transparent, and accountable. This is our chance to do that now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.022 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3338 June 7, 2017 
This is a good bipartisan bill, and I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join us in making these important reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program. I yield the floor now to my colleague from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from New York for yield-ing, as well as for the tremendous work she and our staffs have done together on the Flood Insurance Affordability and Sustainability Act of 2017. There is a capriciousness of flooding which makes the National Flood Insur-ance Program so important. You can have a mountaintop village next to a dry gulch. If there is a sudden flash flood, folks who have lived there 100 years suddenly find their 100-year-old homes destroyed. The NFIP helps re-build the lives of those who are so af-fected. The Flood Insurance Program is crit-ical, not just to that mountaintop vil-lage but, by extension, our entire coun-try. The economic impact of flooding extends far beyond real estate trans-actions to the fundamental vitality of communities and the workforce that operates our ports, develops and refines our domestic energy, and produces our seafood and agriculture for global con-sumption. It just makes sense. Most towns started on the coast and on riverways because that is how goods were transported, and the history of these waterside communities is what makes them, one, economically vital, but, two, also makes them susceptible to flooding. I will note that the Pre-siding Officer’s State of Pennsylvania, I believe, has among the most incidents of flooding in our country—principally because there are so many riverine sys-tems. There is a valley with a river. If the water rises quickly, that riverside community is flooded. Look at my State of Louisiana. It relies on an ac-cessible and affordable flood insurance program, but that benefits the country. Louisiana is the No. 1 producer of off-shore oil and gas, producing over 15 percent of our Nation’s domestic en-ergy supply. That is 15 percent of our Nation’s domestic energy supply. It is home to the second largest refining ca-pacity in petrochemical industry. The Gulf of Mexico is home to 11 of the top 20 U.S. ports by cargo volume, and we have one of the largest seafood indus-tries in the world. After Hurricane Katrina, when our port facilities were affected and the farmers in the Upper Missouri suddenly could not get their crop to international markets, it shows the importance of our ports for our en-tire economy. The National Flood Insurance Pro-gram allows folks in my State to par-ticipate in a working coast that gets that energy inland and gets those prod-ucts in the international market, and this is what provides the value-added contribution to our domestic economy. Since the creation of the National Flood Insurance Program, people in Louisiana paid over $5 billion in flood insurance premiums, but, unfortu-nately, we have suffered some of the greatest losses after Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Gustov, Isaac, and the flooding of the great Louisiana floods of last March and August. While the NFIP has a deficit of $24 billion—according to FEMA’s premium and payout data—the NFIP would have had a surplus if we remove the 2005 loss year, including the losses incurred after Superstorm Sandy. I will also note that New Orleans flooded because federally built floodwalls designed to protect those businesses and families were constructed in a faulty way. This has been recognized, and their failure is what led to the expense. I am not here to say that NFIP doesn’t need re-forms—it needs reforms—but to under-score the fact that the program has worked for many years despite its failings. We need to reauthorize the NFIP and use the opportunity to im-prove the program, make it more af-fordable, transferring more risk to the private sector at a lower cost, increase investment mitigation, modernizing flood mapping to produce greater accu-racy, and improve the transparency and accountability of all the partici-pants that operate and administer the program. There are a number of constituencies interested in long-term reauthorization of NFIP. Senator G
ILLIBRAND and I know that the issue of flooding crosses party and geographical lines. We want-ed to set the right bipartisan tone as Congress begins to debate the issue by introducing our bill, the Flood Insur-ance Affordability and Sustainability Act. We hope the legislation will con-tribute to the ongoing discussion and work the committees of jurisdiction are conducting as we move toward re-authorization of the NFIP and with the needed reforms that enhance afford-ability and sustainability of the pro-gram. Senator G
ILLIBRAND and her staff are passionate advocates for an affordable and sustainable flood insurance pro-gram. I am glad to work with her on this issue. We have listened to many stakeholders: bankers, realtors, home-builders, flood plain managers, insur-ers, reinsurers, mapping experts, local government officials, financial experts and, most importantly, homeowners who work on our working coast and who have so much invested in making sure they can live and raise their fami-lies in a way which has protection from the capriciousness of flooding. I thank my colleague from New York, as well as Senator C
APITO , for her contribution to this legislation and process. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. WARNER): S. 1314. A bill to amend the Natural Gas Act to bolster fairness and trans-parency in consideration of interstate natural gas pipelines, to provide for greater public input opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. Today I am introducing a bipartisan bill to make the process of siting natural gas pipelines fairer and more transparent. For some time now, I have been lis-tening to Virginians with passionate views on the proposed Atlantic Coast and Mountain Valley Pipelines. For various reasons, many oppose one or both of these projects, while others support these projects. The Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission, FERC, is tasked with analyzing all the issues— purpose and need for a project, impacts on 2 ’people living on the route, poten-tial risks to the environment or prop-erty—and deciding what course best serves the public interest. From listening to all sides, I have concluded that while reasonable people may reach different conclusions, FERC’s public input process is flawed and could be better. Accordingly, this legislation proposes several steps to ad-dress several shortcomings, all of which were originally brought to my attention by Virginia constituents. For instance, this bill requires pro-grammatic analysis of pipelines pro-posed around the same time and in the same geographic vicinity so that the full impacts of multiple projects can be analyzed. It requires a greater number of public comment meetings so that citizens are not required to commute long distances to meetings at which they must speed through just a few minutes of remarks on these complex topics. And it clarifies the cir-cumstances under which eminent do-main should and should not be used. I am pleased to be joined by my col-league Senator MARK WARNER on this bill, and our Virginia Republican col-league Representative M
ORGAN GRIF-
FITH is preparing a similar bill in the House of Representatives. While our views may differ on many aspects of energy policy, we can all agree that the public deserves reasonable opportunity to weigh in on energy infrastructure projects and that this process can be fairer and more transparent without mandating a particular outcome. I encourage the Senate to consider this legislation, not to pave the way for pipelines nor to throw up insur-mountable roadblocks to them—but to give the public greater certainty that the federal government’s infrastruc-ture decisions are fair and transparent. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 185—RECOG-NIZING AND EXPRESSING SUP-PORT FOR THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL WATER SAFETY MONTH Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. N EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.029 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3339 June 7, 2017 
S. R ES. 185 Whereas, according to the 2016 report of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, there were estimated averages of— (1) 5,600 pool- or spa-related nonfatal drowning injuries treated at a hospital emer-gency department during each of the 2013 through 2015 calendar years; and (2) 367 pool- or spa-related nonfatal or fatal drowning injuries involving children younger than 15 years old during each of the 2011 through 2013 calendar years, with 77 percent of those injuries involving children younger than 5 years old; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, drowning is— (1) the leading cause of unintentional death in the United States among children 1 through 4 years old; and (2) the second-leading cause of uninten-tional death in the United States among children 5 through 14 years old; Whereas drowning ranks fifth among the leading causes of unintentional injury or death in the United States, and every day, approximately 10 individuals die from unin-tentional drowning, 2 of whom are children 14 years old or younger; Whereas the goal of National Water Safety Month is to prevent or reduce the number of unintentional drowning-related injuries and deaths in pools and open water venues; Whereas the recreational water industry, as represented by the organizations involved in the National Water Safety Month Coali-tion, has contributed to that goal by— (1) developing, through codes and stand-ards, safe public swimming facilities and res-idential pools and spas; and (2) providing aquatic programs and public awareness relating to unintentional acci-dents in pools and open water venues; Whereas unintentional drowning deaths that occur each year, especially of children under 5 years old, can be prevented by teach-ing children to swim, by using barriers and other devices that aid in preventing access to areas where drowning could occur, and es-pecially by providing constant adult super-vision without distraction; Whereas each public pool and spa in the United States should be in compliance with the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 8001 et seq.), which was signed into law on December 19, 2007, and re-quires all public pools to install safe drain covers that help prevent entrapment; Whereas each residential pool and spa in the United States should be built and main-tained in accordance with the guidelines de-scribed in that Act or the International Swimming Pool and Spa Code, which a State or locality may adopt through building codes and standards; Whereas 
2⁄3of drowning deaths occur dur-ing May through August; and Whereas, for the tenth consecutive year, May has been recognized as National Water Safety Month: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Water Safety Month; (2) supports promoting awareness of water safety by increasing public education and awareness; (3) acknowledges the grief of families who have faced the loss of a loved one, and com-mends the families who, in their grief, choose to promote and educate the public on water safety; (4) encourages States, localities, and terri-tories of the United States to— (A) support the goals and ideals of Na-tional Water Safety Month by issuing a proc-lamation to designate May 2017 as ‘‘National Water Safety Month’’; (B) support the adoption of codes and standards that provide safety requirements that may decrease the incidence of drowning; and (C) engage in and encourage public aware-ness campaigns, including campaigns that educate individuals on— (i) how to swim; (ii) layers of protection; and (iii) adult supervision; (5) recognizes the vital role that swimming and aquatic-related activities play in main-taining physical and mental health and en-hancing quality of life; (6) encourages efforts to educate the public about water safety to prevent drownings and recreational water-related injuries; and (7) understands the vital importance of communicating water safety rules and pro-grams to families and individuals of all ages, including owners of private pools, users of public swimming facilities, and visitors to waterparks. f SENATE RESOLUTION 186—RECOG-NIZING THE AVIATION CADET MUSEUM IN EUREKA SPRINGS, ARKANSAS, AS THE NATIONAL AVIATION CADET MUSEUM OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources: 
S. R ES. 186 Whereas the Aviation Cadet Museum was founded in 1994 by former aviation cadet and Air Force First Lieutenant Errol Severe; Whereas, from 1917 until 1965, the flying cadet and succeeding aviation cadet pro-grams served as the primary production source for nearly 500,000 joint service pilots, navigators, and bombardiers; Whereas the bravery, courage, dedication, and heroism of aviators and supporting ground crews from the Army Air Corps and the Army Air Forces were critical factors in defeating the enemies of the United States during World War I and World War II; Whereas the Aviation Cadet Museum in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, is the only mu-seum in the United States that exists exclu-sively to preserve and promote an under-standing of the role of aviation cadets in the 20th century; and Whereas the Aviation Cadet Museum is dedicated to— (1) celebrating the spirit of the United States; and (2) recognizing the teamwork, collabora-tion, patriotism, and courage of the men who trained for and fought in, as well as those in-dividuals on the home front who mobilized and supported, the national aviation effort: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the Aviation Cadet Museum in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, as the national aviation cadet mu-seum of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 187—CON-GRATULATING AND HONORING FERMI NATIONAL ACCELERATOR LABORATORY ON 50 YEARS OF GROUNDBREAKING DISCOVERIES Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 187 Whereas, in 2017, Fermi National Accel-erator Laboratory (referred to in this pre-amble as ‘‘Fermilab’’) celebrates the 50th an-niversary of the date on which the first em-ployees of Fermilab started work in Illinois, June 15, 1967; Whereas Fermilab drives scientific dis-covery by building and operating world-lead-ing particle accelerator and detector facili-ties, performing pioneering research with na-tional and global partners, and developing new technologies for science that support the industrial competitiveness of the United States; Whereas Fermilab provides research facili-ties for 4,500 scientists from 50 countries; Whereas research at Fermilab led to the discovery of the 3 building blocks of the uni-verse, the bottom quark in 1977, the top quark in 1995, and the tau neutrino in 2000; Whereas superconducting magnets devel-oped at Fermilab led to the advancement of magnetic resonance imaging medical diagnostics; Whereas Fermilab contributed critical components, computing capabilities, and sci-entific expertise to the 2012 discovery of the Higgs boson in Geneva, Switzerland; Whereas Fermilab continues to lead sci-entific discoveries, including planning con-struction for the Long-Baseline Neutrino Fa-cility to power the Deep Underground Neu-trino Experiment; and Whereas Fermilab demonstrates its strong commitment to developing a diverse work-force for the future in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics through educational programs that bring more than 15,000 K-12 students to visit Fermilab each year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates and honors the Fermi Na-tional Accelerator Laboratory on the semicentennial of the Laboratory; and (2) wishes the Laboratory success in con-tinuing to help the people of the United States understand the mysteries of matter, energy, space, and time. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 220. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 221. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 222. Mr. TILLIS (for Mr. M
ORAN ) pro- posed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 174, recognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International and celebrating the Lions Clubs International for a long his-tory of humanitarian service. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 220. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-self and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.020 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3340 June 7, 2017 
SEC. 13. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE UNWAVERING COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Following World War II, the United States rejected isolationism, established its role as a world leader, and developed an international alliance system that protected the United States while supporting democ-racy, freedom, and economic prosperity with European nations. (2) 70 years ago, the United States an-nounced the Marshall Plan for Europe, a strategic investment in Europe, as well as articulated the Truman Doctrine, which sought to contain a growing Soviet threat in Southern Europe. (3) In 1949, the United States, Canada, Bel-gium, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Lux-emburg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, and the United Kingdom signed the North Atlantic Treaty that formed the basis of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (in this section referred to as ‘‘NATO’’). (4) NATO was created to protect countries from a growing Soviet threat, promote inter-national peace and stability, and defend free-dom. (5) To date, 29 countries have joined NATO. (6) For more than 67 years, NATO has served as a central pillar of United States national security and a deterrent against ad-versaries and external threats. (7) NATO continues to improve its collec-tive defense measures, enhance its military capabilities to address a full spectrum of complex threats, and partner with non- NATO countries to promote international stability. (8) Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty is an integral part of NATO and states that ‘‘[t]he Parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all . . .’’. (9) NATO invoked Article 5 for the first time less than 24 hours after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks against the United States. (10) In Afghanistan, NATO allies and part-ners have served alongside United States forces since 2001, reaching a peak of more than 42,000 ally and partner forces, 6,300 NATO forces continue to serve today along-side the 6,900 United States forces there, and more than 1,100 NATO ally and partner forces have paid the ultimate price in service to the collective defense of NATO. (11) NATO took the lead in helping combat the terrorist threat in Afghanistan through the International Security Assistance Force and Operation Resolute Support, contrib-uting to the safety of the United States and the international community. (12) All 29 NATO allies and many NATO partners are contributing to the Global Coa-lition to Counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (13) Approximately 18,000 military per-sonnel are currently engaged in NATO mis-sions around the world, conducting oper-ations in Afghanistan, Kosovo, the Medi-terranean, and off the Horn of Africa. (14) NATO conducts a range of maritime security operations in the Mediterranean and is essential to establishing stability along the borders of Europe and to respond-ing to the ongoing refugee and migrant cri-sis. (15) For nearly 10 years, NATO has pro-vided airlift support for the mission of the African Union in Somalia, as well as assisted with training the African Standby Force at the request of the African Union. (16) For more than 17 years, NATO has led peace-support operations in Kosovo to main-tain safety and security in a volatile region. (17) NATO has three standing forces on ac-tive duty at all times to defend the Alliance, air policing capability, maritime forces, and an integrated air defense system. (18) Whereas NATO allies and the inter-national community continue to look to NATO to deter the increasingly revanchist activities of Russia. (19) Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Dunford, testified before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on July 19, 2015, that Russia presents the ‘‘greatest existential threat’’ to the United States. (20) The malign actions of Russia—its 2008 incursion into Georgia, its illegal annexation of Crimea, its continued military action in Ukraine, its targeting of civilians in Syria, its ongoing information war in Europe, its continued violations of the Intermediate Nu-clear Forces Agreement, and its cyberattacks aimed at influencing United States elections—have violated inter-national laws and norms. (21) Russia continues to use disinformation campaigns and promote state propaganda to discredit democracy and undermine NATO members. (22) Since the illegal annexation of Crimea and direct support to the conflict in Eastern Ukraine by Russia in 2014, NATO members have undertaken the biggest reinforcement of the collective defense of NATO since the end of the Cold War, enhancing allied readi-ness and deterrence measures in response to Russian aggression. (23) The efforts of NATO to confront and deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe have included a three-fold increase in the size of the NATO Response Force (NRF) to 40,000 troops; the creation of a Spearhead Force of 5,000 troops capable of deploying within a few days to respond to any threat against an ally, particularly on the eastern flank of NATO; the forward deployment of up to 4,000 troops to Poland, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; an increase in the air polic-ing and maritime missions of NATO in East-ern Europe; and a significant increase in NATO training and military exercises in Eastern Europe. (24) Following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in 2014, the United States established Operation Atlantic Resolve and the Euro-pean Reassurance Initiative to reassure NATO allies that the United States would uphold its global security commitments and work in coordination with European part-ners to deter Russian aggression. (25) Since 2014, Operation Atlantic Resolve and the European Reassurance Initiative have demonstrated the continued commit-ment of the United States to its NATO allies and partners by engaging in deterrence and security measures against potential Russian aggression in the region. (26) Whereas the United States is further strengthening its force presence in Europe through the continuous deployment of an ar-mored brigade combat team to Poland on a rotating basis. (27) On January 6, 2017, as a part of Oper-ation Atlantic Resolve, 3,500 United States troops from the 4th Infantry Division in Fort Carson, Colorado, along with more than 2,500 military vehicles, were deployed to Eastern Europe to deter regional aggression. (28) Continued United States leadership in NATO is critical to ensuring that NATO re-mains the greatest military alliance in his-tory. (29) All NATO members have recommitted themselves to sharing the security burden of NATO at the 2014 NATO Wales Summit by pledging to meet the defense spending target for NATO members of 2 percent of gross do-mestic product within 10 years. (30) The United States, Greece, Poland, Es-tonia, and the United Kingdom all have ex-ceeded that defense spending target. (31) Since the Wales Summit, Latvia, Lith-uania, and many other allies have increased defense spending in an effort to meet that defense spending target. (32) NATO remains committed to its open door policy on enlargement, working with countries in the Euro-Atlantic region that aspire to join NATO to help meet the re-quirements for membership. (33) General James Jones, United States Marine Corps (retired), former National Se-curity Advisor, testified before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate in July 2016 that ‘‘[o]ur 27 NATO allies offer America forward basing, which allows us to better fight enemies like ISIS and deter ad-versaries like the new Russia and to meet shared challenges. Twenty-eight countries acting as one is a powerful alliance’’. (34) Secretary of Defense James Mattis tes-tified before the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate, during his hearing as nominee for Secretary of Defense, that ‘‘[w]e must also embrace our international alli-ances and security partnerships. History is clear: Nations with strong allies thrive and those without them wither’’. (35) There is a long tradition of strong bi-partisan agreement that participation in NATO strengthens the security of the United States. (36) NATO is the first peacetime military alliance the United States entered into out-side the Western Hemisphere and today re-mains the largest peacetime military alli-ance in the world. (37) A fractured NATO alliance would harm the interests of the United States and em-bolden adversaries of the United States. (38) A strong and united Europe is impor-tant to United States strategic interests. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate— (1) to pledge that the United States will continue to maintain strong leadership and strengthen its commitments to NATO; (2) to strongly encourage NATO members to fulfill their pledge to invest at least 2 per-cent of gross domestic product on defense spending, invest at least 20 percent of such spending on major equipment (including re-search and development), and shoulder ap-propriate responsibility within NATO; (3) to welcome Montenegro as the newest member of NATO; (4) to recognize the historic contribution and sacrifice NATO member countries have made while combating terrorism in Afghani-stan through the International Security As-sistance Force and Operation Resolute Sup-port; and (5) to honor the men and women who served under NATO and gave their lives to promote peace, security, and international cooperation since 1949. 
SA 221. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 13. UKRANIAN ENERGY SECURITY. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.026 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3341 June 7, 2017 
(1) to support the Government of Ukraine in restoring its sovereign and territorial in-tegrity; (2) to condemn and oppose all of the desta-bilizing efforts by the Government of the Russian Federation in Ukraine in violation of its obligations and international commit-ments; (3) to never recognize the illegal annex-ation of Crimea by the Government of the Russian Federation or the separation of any portion of Ukrainian territory through the use of military force; (4) to deter the Government of the Russian Federation from further destabilizing and in-vading Ukraine and other independent coun-tries in Central and Eastern Europe and the Caucuses; (5) to assist in promoting reform in regu-latory oversight and operations in Ukraine’s energy sector, including the establishment and empowerment of an independent regu-latory organization; (6) to encourage and support fair competi-tion, market liberalization, and reliability in Ukraine’s energy sector; (7) to help Ukraine and United States allies and partners in Europe reduce their depend-ence on Russian energy resources, especially natural gas, which the Government of the Russian Federation uses as a weapon to co-erce, intimidate, and influence other coun-tries; (8) to work with European Union member states and European Union institutions to promote energy security through developing diversified and liberalized energy markets that provide diversified sources, suppliers, and routes; (9) to continue to oppose the NordStream 2 pipeline given its detrimental impacts on the European Union’s energy security, gas mar-ket development in Central and Eastern Eu-rope, and energy reforms in Ukraine; and (10) that the United States Government should prioritize the export of United States energy resources in order to create American jobs, help United States allies and partners, and strengthen United States foreign policy. (b) P
LAN TO PROMOTE ENERGY SECURITY IN  U
KRAINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment and the Secretary of Energy, shall work with the Government of Ukraine to develop a plan to increase energy security in Ukraine, increase the amount of energy produced in Ukraine, and reduce Ukraine’s reliance on energy imports from the Russian Federation. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall include strategies for market liberalization, effective regulation and oversight, supply diversification, energy reliability, and energy efficiency, such as through supporting— (A) the promotion of advanced technology and modern operating practices in Ukraine’s oil and gas sector; (B) modern geophysical and meteorological work followed by international tenders to help attract qualified investment into explo-ration and development of areas with un-tapped resources in Ukraine; (C) a broadening of Ukraine’s electric power transmission interconnection with Eu-rope; (D) the strengthening of Ukraine’s capa-bility to maintain electric power grid sta-bility and reliability; (E) independent regulatory oversight and operations of Ukraine’s gas market and elec-tricity sector; (F) the implementation of primary gas law including pricing, tariff structure, and legal regulatory implementation; (G) privatization of government owned en-ergy companies through credible legal frameworks and a transparent process com-pliant with international best practices; (H) procurement and transport of emer-gency fuel supplies, including reverse pipe-line flows from Europe; (I) provision of technical assistance for cri-sis planning, crisis response, and public out-reach; (J) repair of infrastructure to enable the transport of fuel supplies; (K) repair of power generating or power transmission equipment or facilities; and (L) improved building energy efficiency and other measures designed to reduce en-ergy demand in Ukraine. (3) REPORTS .— (A) I
MPLEMENTATION OF UKRAINE FREEDOM  
SUPPORT ACT OF 2014 PROVISIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report detailing the status of imple-menting the provisions required under sec-tion 7(c) of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–272), including detailing the plans required under that sec-tion, the level of funding that has been allo-cated to and expended for the strategies set forth under that section, and progress that has been made in implementing the strate-gies developed pursuant to that section. (B) R
EPORTS ON IMPLEMENTATION OF NEW  
REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report detailing the plan developed under paragraph (1), the level of funding that has been allocated to and ex-pended for the strategies set forth in para-graph (2), and progress that has been made in implementing the strategies. (C) B
RIEFINGS .—The Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 30 days after the submission of each report under subparagraph (A). In addi-tion, the Department of State shall make relevant officials available upon request to brief the appropriate committees of Congress on all available information that relates di-rectly or indirectly to Ukraine or energy se-curity in Eastern Europe. (D) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Department of State a total of $30,000,000 for fiscal years 2018 through 2019 to carry out the strategies set forth in subsection (b)(2) and other activities under this section re-lated to the promotion of energy security in Ukraine. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the responsibilities required and authorities provided under section 7 of the Ukraine Free-dom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–272). 
SA 222. Mr. TILLIS (for Mr. M ORAN ) proposed an amendment to the resolu-tion S. Res. 174, recognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs Inter-national and celebrating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humanitarian service; as follows: 
On page 6, strike the fourth whereas clause. On page 6, in the seventh whereas clause, strike ‘‘the United Kingdom and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation’’ and insert ‘‘partner organizations’’. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, at 10:15 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing to con-sider pending nominations. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 at a time to be determined, to hold a business meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Brock Long. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in SR–418, to con-duct a hearing titled, ‘‘Examining the Veterans Choice Program and the Fu-ture of Care in the Community.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 from 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold an open hearing entitled ‘‘FISA Amend-ments Act.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 from 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Sen-ate Hart Office Building to hold a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
The Committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 7, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.027 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3342 June 7, 2017 
2017, at 2:30 p.m., in open session, to re-ceive testimony on Department of De-fense nuclear acquisition programs and the nuclear doctrine. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE -
SOURCES ’ SUBCOMMITTEE ON NATIONAL PARKS  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on National Parks is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Wednes-day, June 7, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing in Washington, DC. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF LIONS CLUBS INTER-NATIONAL Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 174. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 174) recognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs Inter-national and celebrating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humani-tarian service. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, 100 years ago today, Lions Clubs International was created in Chicago, IL, and today the Senate is considering adoption of this resolution, S. Res. 174, commemo-rating this tremendous occasion. One hundred years later, Lions Clubs Inter-national is the world’s largest service club, with more than 1.4 million mem-bers who participate in more than 46,000 clubs across the globe. In my State of Kansas alone, we have more than 270 Lions Clubs, and I have been a member of Lions Clubs since I graduated from college, went to work, and got involved in the community. I have seen firsthand how Lions Clubs make a significant difference in the communities they are in, as well as their reach around the globe in ad-dressing problems in their commu-nities and humanitarian needs around the world. Lions are committed to car-ing for those less fortunate, from young to old, and they do so in a way that shows care and compassion. It is all about the right motivation. They care about people, and they make a dif-ference. It is this selfless service and commitment to a greater good that is needed in our country today. In the face of serious challenges, I be-lieve those who volunteer their time and their resources in community civic clubs, not-for-profits, schools and fund-raisers, in churches and charities are the ones who have the greatest impact on people’s lives. This kind of involve-ment at the local level has the poten-tial to make meaningful and tangible differences in the lives of people around us, perhaps more so than even the best intentioned Federal programs that come from the Nation’s Capital. I am of the view that we change the world one soul, one person at a time, and it happens in Lions Clubs and their efforts in their communities and glob-ally every day. Over their 100 years of existence, the Lions Clubs have supported the blind, encouraged the young, provided relief to those struck by tragedy, and fought to eradicate disease. They have con-tributed hundreds of millions of dollars to humanitarian work internationally and are committed to serving 100 mil-lion people around the globe. As we reflect upon all the good that has come from the last 100 years among Lions Clubs members, may our com-mitment to our neighbors, our commu-nities, and our fellow men and women be strengthened and renewed. Today, Lions Clubs begin another century of service to others as they seek out ways to better our world. I offer my congratulations to Bob Corlew of Milton, TN, who is the inter-national president, and I welcome Lions members from around the globe as they gather in Chicago later this month for their international conven-tion. From 100 years ago in Chicago to this month, 100 years in which they celebrate their birth, the Lions Clubs motto is ‘‘We serve.’’ Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; the Moran amendment to the preamble be considered and agreed to; the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 174) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 222) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To remove references to specific entities) On page 6, strike the fourth whereas clause. On page 6, in the seventh whereas clause, strike ‘‘the United Kingdom and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation’’ and insert ‘‘partner organizations’’. 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its pre-amble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 174 Whereas, on June 7, 1917, Chicago business leader Melvin Jones founded Lions Clubs International in Chicago, Illinois, based on the principle that ‘‘[y]ou can’t get very far until you start doing something for some-body else’’; Whereas the motto of Lions Clubs Inter-national, ‘‘We Serve’’— (1) was selected in 1954 after having been submitted by Lion D.A. Stevenson of Font Hill, Ontario, in an international contest; and (2) applies to the charitable and humani-tarian priorities of Lions Clubs Inter-national, including— (A) eyesight preservation and blindness prevention; (B) services for individuals with disabil-ities; (C) hearing and speech conservation; (D) diabetes awareness; (E) youth outreach; (F) services for older individuals; (G) activities that promote international goodwill; (H) disaster relief; and (I) environmental protection; Whereas, with over 46,000 clubs and 1,400,000 members in over 200 countries and geographical areas around the globe, Lions Clubs International is the largest service or-ganization in the world; Whereas the purposes of Lions Clubs Inter-national include— (1) to create and foster a spirit of under-standing among people around the world; (2) to promote the principles of good gov-ernment and good citizenship; (3) to take an active interest in the civic, cultural, social, and moral welfare of the community; (4) to provide a forum for the open discus-sion of all matters of public interest, except that members of Lions Clubs International may not debate partisan politics and sec-tarian religion; (5) to encourage service-minded individuals to serve their communities without personal financial reward; and (6) to encourage efficiency and promote high ethical standards in commerce, indus-try, public works, and professional and pri-vate endeavors; Whereas, on March 12, 1920, a Lions Club was chartered in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, and Lions Clubs became an international or-ganization; Whereas, in 1925, at the Lions Club in Cedar Point, Ohio, Helen Keller charged members of Lions Clubs International with becoming ‘‘knights of the blind in the cru-sade against darkness’’; Whereas, in 1926, polar explorer and mem-ber of the District of Columbia Lions Club, Admiral Richard E. Byrd, Jr., flew over the North Pole carrying the flag of Lions Clubs International; Whereas, in 1930, after witnessing an indi-vidual with a vision impairment having dif-ficulty crossing a street, Lion George Bonham painted a cane white with a red band for use by visually impaired individ-uals; Whereas, in 1931— (1) the first Lions Club was established south of the United States in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico; and (2) the first Lions Clubs International con-vention was held in Toronto, Ontario; Whereas, in 1935, during the Lions Clubs International convention in Mexico City, Amelia Earhart, who was an honorary mem-ber of the New York City Lions Club, com-pleted a record-breaking nonstop flight from Los Angeles, California, to Mexico; Whereas, in 1939, the members of the De-troit Uptown Lions Club converted an old farmhouse in the State of Michigan into a school to train dog guides for visually im-paired individuals, helping to popularize dog guides worldwide; Whereas, on June 6, 1939, the first Little League baseball game was played at Park Point in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, after Lion Carl Edwin Stotz appealed to Lions Clubs International, the Young Men’s Chris-tian Association, and other community part-ners for support to provide an organized baseball program for children; Whereas, in 1944, the first eye bank in the world was established in New York City, and as of March 2017, most eye banks are spon-sored by Lions Clubs International; Whereas, in 1945, Lions Clubs International assisted in drafting the Charter of the United Nations, which began a lasting relationship between Lions Clubs International and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.029 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3343 June 7, 2017 
United Nations that includes Lions Clubs International aid and volunteers for— (1) the United Nations International Chil-dren’s Emergency Fund; (2) the World Health Organization; (3) the United Nations Educational, Sci-entific and Cultural Organization; and (4) other humanitarian projects; Whereas, in 1957, the Leo Clubs youth pro-gram of Lions Clubs International was estab-lished to provide young people with the op-portunity for personal development through volunteer work; Whereas, as of March 2017, there are ap-proximately 157,000 Leos and 600 Leo Clubs in over 200 countries and geographical areas worldwide; Whereas, in 1968, the Lions Clubs Inter-national Foundation (referred to in this pre-amble as ‘‘LCIF’’) was established to assist Lions Clubs International with global and large-scale local humanitarian projects; Whereas LCIF has given more than $826,000,000 in grants to support the humani-tarian work of Lions Clubs International; Whereas, in 1972, LCIF awarded its first grant, in the amount of $5,000, to assist flood victims in South Dakota; Whereas, in 1977, Lion Jimmy Carter be-came the 39th President of the United States; Whereas, in 1985, LCIF awarded its first Major Catastrophe Grant, in the amount of $50,000, for earthquake relief in Mexico; Whereas, in 1986, Mother Teresa accepted a Lions Humanitarian Award; Whereas, in 1987, Lions Clubs International amended its bylaws and invited women to be-come members, and women are now the fast-est growing group of new members in Lions Clubs International; Whereas, in 1990, LCIF launched SightFirst, an initiative that— (1) assists Lions Clubs International in ac-tivities to restore eyesight and prevent blindness on a global scale; and (2) eventually raised more than $415,000,000 to target low vision, trachoma, river blind-ness, childhood blindness, diabetic retinop-athy, and glaucoma; Whereas, in 1995, LCIF began a partnership with the Carter Center, led by former Presi-dent and Lion Jimmy Carter, to combat river blindness in Africa and Latin America, and by 2003, LCIF and the Carter Center had provided 50,000,000 river blindness treat-ments; Whereas, in 2001, LCIF partnered with the Special Olympics on Opening Eyes, an initia-tive to provide vision screening for Special Olympics athletes; Whereas, in 2002, Lions Clubs International chartered a club in China, which became the first voluntary membership group in China; Whereas, in 2007, the Financial Times ranked LCIF as the best nongovernmental organization worldwide with which to estab-lish a partnership; Whereas, in 2011, LCIF awarded its 10,000th grant, bringing the total amount awarded to grant recipients by LCIF to $708,000,000; Whereas, in 2013, LCIF partnered with the GAVI Alliance to protect millions of chil-dren from measles and rubella in 2013; Whereas LCIF committed $30,000,000 for immunizations, an amount matched by part-ner organizations; Whereas, in 2013, with the support of Lions Clubs International and the Carter Center, river blindness was eliminated in Colombia; and Whereas, in 2014, Lions Clubs International launched the Centennial Service Challenge, a global initiative to serve 100,000,000 people around the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates Lions Clubs International on its 100th anniversary on June 7, 2017; (2) recognizes Lions Clubs International for 100 years of promoting community service and humanitarian assistance; (3) encourages Lions Clubs International to continue to emphasize the values of commu-nity service and improving the community for all individuals; and (4) applauds Lions Clubs International for instilling in young people the value of com-munity service. f 
CONGRATULATING AND HONORING FERMI NATIONAL ACCELERATOR LABORATORY ON 50 YEARS OF GROUNDBREAKING DISCOVERIES Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 187, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 187) congratulating and honoring Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory on 50 years of groundbreaking discoveries. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 187) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 2017 Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 8; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to Cal-endar No. 110, S. 722, postcloture; fi-nally, that all time during recess, ad-journment, morning business, and lead-er remarks count postcloture on the motion to proceed to S. 722. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ators WYDEN , M ERKLEY , PETERS , and S
ANDERS . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Vermont. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, in the U.S. Senate, it is the Parliamentar-ian’s office that determines whether a reconciliation bill is in compliance with the rules of the Senate. That is not the function of the chairman of the Budget Committee. If it were, we could save taxpayers’ money and get rid of the Parliamentarian’s office, but that is not what we should be doing. I am extremely concerned, therefore, that the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee, in an apparently unprecedented manner, appears to have made that de-termination himself with regard to the Trump-Ryan healthcare bill that was passed several weeks ago in the House. As I understand it, the Parliamen-tarian has made a narrow ruling with respect to the jurisdiction of a provi-sion in this bill that would eliminate healthcare subsidies for low-income Native Americans. I look forward to hearing from the Parliamentarian as soon as possible on the broader ruling on whether the Trump-Ryan healthcare bill is in com-pliance with the instructions contained in the budget resolution requiring this bill to save at least $1 billion in the HELP Committee and at least $1 bil-lion within the Finance Committee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Oregon. 
HONORING THE HEROES OF THE PORTLAND  
ATTACK  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, Senator M
ERKLEY and I have come today to-gether to discuss our resolution hon-oring the heroes of the Portland at-tack. On May 26 in Portland, our home-town, our community lost two very brave people: Ricky Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche. They stood up courageously against terrorism and for core American and Oregon values of tolerance and freedom. Along with Micah David-Cole Fletch-er, who was seriously injured, these three extraordinary Samaritans stepped in to protect two girls who were being terrorized on public transit by a man menacing them because he thought they were Muslim. These three Oregon heroes did not run when they saw danger. Instead, these three ad-vanced toward the danger. I paid my respects last week at the beautiful memorial that my fellow Portlanders created at the transit sta-tion where this attack occurred. I can assure my colleagues that the message of the memorial could not be more clear: The heroes of Portland stood up to terror, and we ought to be willing to call out the hate and the evil they con-fronted. So today, I join with our friend and colleague Senator M
ERKLEY to express 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.037 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3344 June 7, 2017 
our deepest condolences to the fami-lies, the friends of the victims, so that we can all make clear how much we ap-preciate them and how grateful we are—and we all are—to be able to stand with the two girls who were being ter-rorized and to support all community efforts to overcome hatred and bigotry and violence. As a son of parents who fled the Nazis, I know full well what hate speech is all about. There must be zero tolerance for hate speech and violence because otherwise you give it room to fester and grow. Hate speech and vio-lence must have no place in Oregon or anywhere else in our great Nation. With these three Oregon heroes for-ever in our memories, we must and we will recommit to fighting hate, vio-lence, and terrorism every chance that we have. We urge adoption of this im-portant resolution. I yield to my friend and colleague Senator M
ERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I thank my friend and colleague Senator W
YDEN for submitting this resolution. I am proud to partner with him as we ad-dress this senseless, deadly attack that occurred back home in Oregon just 12 days ago. Robert Kennedy once said: ‘‘We must recognize that this short life can nei-ther be ennobled or enriched by ha-tred.’’ We have been reminded of that in this part of our history in the last year and a half in which we have seen acts of hatred flourishing across the country, preying on divisions among parts of our society. It is incumbent on all of us to call out the unacceptability of hate speech and certainly to work to bring unity where there has been divi-sion. This all came together in dramatic, deadly fashion on the MAX train when a man spouting hatred and anti-Mus-lim rhetoric accosted two young women sitting on the train. Three men stood up and sprang into action and told him that was unacceptable. I wish we could turn back the clock and have the incident stop right there with that intervention. These men, by being willing to stand up in that set-ting, are champions of justice. They were saying that this is unacceptable. They were saying that it must stop. But then this confrontation turned deadly, with the man spouting the hate speech pulling a knife, stabbing all three of these champions, killing two of them, and nearly killing the third. These individuals, Rick Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, paid with their lives. The third individual, Micah David-Cole Fletcher, came very close to losing his as well. We have been holding the families in our hearts and in our prayers. The community came together and had a vigil and another ceremony at the Mus-lim educational center and at the fu-nerals to let the families know that, across Oregon, people are carrying them in their hearts and prayers. Cer-tainly, one of those prayers was for the full recovery of Micah David-Cole Fletcher. He is back on his feet, and it is just a beautiful thing to see that he is out of the hospital. He spoke very el-oquent words that I would like to share with you. In the days after the attack, he said: I want you to imagine that for a second, being the little girl on that MAX. This man is screaming at you. His face is a pile of knives, his body is a gun, everything about him is cocked, loaded and ready to kill you. There’s a history here with this. You can feel that this has happened before. And the only thing that was different was the names and faces. 
Micah continued. He said: 
And then a stranger, two strangers, three strangers, come to your aid, they try to help you, and that pile of knives just throws itself at them. Kills them. 
Well, this was an extraordinarily traumatic experience for these young girls simply to be accosted on the train and all the more so to see that those who came to their rescue were stabbed, with two of them dying and the third badly injured. Our hearts are, again, so connected to the families. We must have a deter-mination as a society to put healing where there has been division, to put empathy where there has been antip-athy, to replace hatred with a connec-tion, with a love. Robert Kennedy said in that same speech when he was commenting on the fact that nothing has ever been enno-bled or enriched by hatred—he contin-ued to say this: 
But we can perhaps remember—if only for a time—that those who live with us are our brothers, that they share with us the same short moment of life, that they seek—as do we—nothing but the chance to live out their lives in purpose and in happiness, winning what satisfaction and fulfillment that they can. 
Can’t we come together as a society and enable each person to be able to live out their lives in purpose and hap-piness and set aside this divisiveness and this hatred? I hope on this occasion, as we honor the incredible heroism of the three men who sprang into action and as we mourn the loss of two of them, that we all will dedicate ourselves to this pur-pose of creating a connection, creating unity, and creating respect and that we shall see the banishment of hate speech and hate violence. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, we yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. (The remarks of Mr. PETERS per-taining to the introduction of S. 1308 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:47 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 8, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RYAN MCCARTHY, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE PATRICK JOSEPH MURPHY. PATRICK M. SHANAHAN, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE DEP-UTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ROBERT O. WORK, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JEFFREY BOSSERT CLARK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE JOHN CHARLES CRUDEN. 
THE JUDICIARY  
ALLISON H. EID, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT, VICE NEIL M. GORSUCH, ELEVATED. RALPH R. ERICKSON, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE EIGHTH CIR-CUIT, VICE KERMIT E. BYE, RETIRED. DABNEY LANGHORNE FRIEDRICH, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, VICE REGGIE B. WALTON, RETIRED. TIMOTHY J. KELLY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA, VICE ROSEMARY M. COLLYER, RE-TIRED. TREVOR N. MCFADDEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, VICE RICHARD J. LEON, RETIRED. STEPHEN S. SCHWARTZ, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE LYNN JEANNE BUSH, TERM EXPIRED. MICHAEL P. ALLEN, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VET-ERANS CLAIMS FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE BRUCE E. KASOLD, TERM EXPIRED. AMANDA L. MEREDITH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VET-ERANS CLAIMS FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE WILLIAM A. MOORMAN, RETIRED. JOSEPH L. TOTH, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VET-ERANS CLAIMS FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE LAWRENCE B. HAGEL, RETIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.051 S07JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE775 June 7, 2017 
EMILY BROWNE WINGED FOOT AWARD 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Emily Browne on winning the Winged Foot Scholar- Athlete Award. Due to her hard work and dedication, Ms. Browne managed to be the star athlete of both her basketball and lacrosse teams at Barron Collier High School, all while maintaining a stellar grade point average. Her successful balancing of athletic and academic activities shows maturity and discipline beyond her years. I am proud of Emily’s achievements on and off the field. The award is well deserved. 
f 
PRAISING LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES INVOLVED IN SOLV-ING THE MURDER OF CHIEF DEPUTY CLINT GREENWOOD 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press my deep appreciation and admiration to all of the Texas law enforcement officers who worked so diligently in getting to the bottom of the tragic and senseless murder of Harris County Precinct 3 Constable, Assistant Chief Deputy Greenwood. My hat goes off to the Baytown Police De-partment, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms, and Explosives (ATF), Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), U.S. Marshals Service, Houston Police Department, Gulf Coast Vio-lent Offenders Task Force, Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS), Texas Rangers, Harris County Sheriff’s Department, Harris County Precinct 3 Constable’s Office and Harris County District Attorney. These men and women showed tremendous determination and commitment in their efforts to find this evil per-petrator and deliver justice. While we continue to mourn the loss of another one of our brave Texas law enforcement officers, their hard work and tireless efforts have helped bring healing and closure to the family and the en-tire law enforcement community. My prayers continue to be with the family of Assistant Chief Deputy Greenwood. CONGRATULATING BLOUKE CARUS ON 90TH BIRTHDAY HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a constituent of mine, Blouke Carus of Peru, Illinois on turning 90 this month. Mr. Carus is Chairman Emeritus of Carus Corporation a Peru-based company that as-sists municipalities and industries with utilizing products for environmental cleanup. Before that, Mr. Carus served as the Chairman of Carus Publishing Company, which published educational magazines and books for children. Because of his lifelong interest in education, Mr. Carus served as a Presidential appointee on the National Council on Education Re-search, and continued his work as a commu-nity leader by helping to establish the Illinois Valley Community College. Mr. Carus obtained a B.S. in Electrical Engi-neering from the California Institute of Tech-nology in 1949, after having served his coun-try honorably in the U.S. Navy. He is married to Marianne Carus, and they have three chil-dren and four grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Sixteenth Congressional District, I would like to sincerely congratulate Mr. Carus and the rest of his family on this amazing milestone and life achievement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on June 6, 2017, I was not present for the re-corded votes on Roll Call No. 286 and 287. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on the motion to suspend the rules and agree, as amended and YEA on the motion to sus-pend the rules and agree, as amended. 
f 
16TH DISTRICT CONGRESSIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to law enforcement men and women who have provided distinctive service to the people of Florida’s 16th Congressional District. Law enforcement is a demanding profession that requires sacrifice, courage and a dedica-tion to serve others. Every day, brave men and women put themselves in harm’s way to enforce the laws of our society and protect public safety. They deserve our gratitude and respect. Six years ago, I established the 16th District Congressional Law Enforcement Awards, CLEA, to give special recognition to law en-forcement officers, departments, or units for exceptional achievement. This year, I will present Congressional Law Enforcement Awards to the following winners chosen by an independent panel comprised of current and retired law enforcement personnel representing a cross-section of the district’s law enforcement community: Officer Jason Nuttall of the Bradenton Police Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Captain John Walsh, Captain Debra Kaspar, Lieutenant Jon Varley, Community Affairs Di-rector Kaitlyn Perez, Deputy Phillip Mockler, Detective Tim Speth and Investigator Lynn Thomson of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Detective Richard Wilson of the Palmetto Police Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Officer Alan Bores of the Holmes Beach Po-lice Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Detective Justin Warren of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Dedica-tion and Professionalism Award. Sergeant Robert Armstrong of the Sarasota Police Department will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Deputy Kevin Smetana of the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Dedica-tion and Professionalism Award. Master Sergeant George Taunton of the Florida Highway Patrol will receive the Career Service Award. Trooper Caleb Kerr and Trooper Brett Fitzpatrick of the Florida Highway Patrol will receive the Preservation of Life Award. Sergeant Patrick Roberts of the Florida Highway Patrol will receive the Above and Be-yond the Call of Duty Award. Pastor Patrick Miller, Pastor Vincent Smith, Doctor Harriet Moore, Geoffry Gilot and Al- Muta Hawks all affiliated with the Boys and Girls Club of Sarasota will receive the Asso-ciate Service Award. The Manatee County Special Investigations Division will receive the Unit Citation Award. The members of this unit are: Major William Jordan, Captain Todd Shear, Lieutenant An-thony Carr, Division Secretary Toni Burton, Administrative Assistant Cindy Hoffman, Ser-geant Jason Powell, Detective James Parrish, Detective Kim Zink, Detective Greg Dunlap, Detective Mike Diaz, Bruce Benjamin (Crime Stoppers), Amber Hoffman (Manager), Erica Chenard (UCR Coordinator), Criminal Analyst Ashley Eannarino, Criminal Analyst Elicia Main, Intel Analyst Don Brown, Criminal Ana-lyst John Ferrito, Intel Analyst Elizabeth Thom-as, Sergeant Evelio Perez, Detective Joseph Petta, Detective Justin Warren, Detective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.001 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE776 June 7, 2017 
Derek Pollock, Detective Eric Davis, Detective Ray Richter, Detective Patrick Thames, Detec-tive Scott Williamson, Sergeant Gary Combee, Detective William Freel, Detective Maria Gillum, Detective Bryce Wilhelm, Detective Jonathan Kruse, Sergeant Steve Barron, De-tective Randall Walker, Detective Brian Beck, Detective Shayne Rousseau, Detective Jer-emy Martin, Detective Robert Brigham, Ser-geant Isaac Redmond, Detective Rafael Ortegon, Detective Christopher Gallagher, De-tective Joel Taylor, Detective David Bocchino, and Detective Lourdes Santiago. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMANDER J OANN BURDIAN’S CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE COAST GUARD 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, each of us that serve in this distinguished body has the deep-est and most profound respect for the men and women who serve in America’s Armed Forces. It’s because of their service and sac-rifice that this great nation is able to carry the banner of freedom across the globe and the American people sleep safe at night. Throughout history, Americans have faith-fully answered the nation’s call through peri-ods of conflict and peace—and each of the service branches have earned their place as pillars of America’s defense shield. That shield first and foremost starts at America’s shores and it’s the Coast Guard that is the nation’s first line of protection against criminals and contraband entering the country through the seas. The Coast Guard’s backbone is its per-sonnel and I’ve had the great honor of serving as Chairman of the House Subcommittee with direct purview over this great organization, which has afforded me the privilege to ob-serve our Coast Guard in action. But on this specific occasion, I want to recognize one Coast Guardsman in particular who’s had not only an immense impact on the organization itself, but also this entire institution. Commander JoAnn Burdian has led the Congressional Affairs office for the Coast Guard for the last several years and today marks her last day serving in a capacity that has made us wiser and even more appre-ciative of the immense work shouldered by the Coast Guard each and every day. Her career in the Coast Guard will continue in her new assignment in Seattle, Washington, but her departure no doubt is a great loss for the en-tire Congress. Even so, our loss here is the Coast Guard’s gain—and I have all the confidence that Com-mander Burdian’s exemplary leadership and talents will provide tremendous value to the next generation of leaders that will continue serving the nation’s interest as members of the Coast Guard. And when I think of the type of leader that this nation depends on to lead America’s men and women in uniform, Com-mander Burdian is the example to follow. Her reputation has been forged through years of operational experience and leadership, and her sense of commitment to service and coun-try has always defined her approach to rep-resenting the best interests of the Coast Guard. Commander Burdian is a relentless advo-cate for her service. Her pioneering spirit and deep understanding of Coast Guard programs and priorities have informed me and others in our collective work and the Coast Guard is on better footing today thanks to her immense contributions. I’m honored to have served with such an outstanding patriot and I want to wish Com-mander Burdian the best of luck as she en-deavors on a new assignment and the next chapter of her life. She’s a Coast Guardsman at heart—but I’m also proud to call her a friend. And I ask today that we all recognize this great American for all the work she’s done and will continue doing on behalf of the nation. f 
COACH BILL KRAMER 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Coach Bill Kra-mer and the news of his induction into the Florida High School Athletic Association’s Hall of Fame for the Class of 2017. Coach Kramer has led the Naples High School football team since 1998. Under his leadership, the Golden Eagles won two state championships, six regional titles, and four-teen district titles. Additionally, Coach Kramer is dedicated to teaching young men how to cope with many of life’s difficulties. He works to instill the values of teamwork, perseverance, and discipline in his players. I thank Coach Kramer for the positive impact he has made, and will continue to make, on the Naples community. 
f 
STORM MANNING 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Storm Man-ning for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Storm Manning is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Storm Manning is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Storm Manning for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL LOMBARDO, RECIPIENT OF LEADERSHIP WILKES-BARRE’S DISTINGUISHED LEADERSHIP ALUMNI AWARD HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michael Lombardo. Michael will receive the Distinguished Leadership Alumni Award from Leadership Wilkes-Barre on June 8. Leadership Wilkes-Barre is a local develop-ment company that provides future leaders with the resources they need to be successful members of the community. The Distinguished Leadership Alumni Award is awarded annually to an individual who has demonstrated out-standing community leadership and service to neighbors. Michael is a graduate of Bucknell University and holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Psychology and Master’s Degree in School Psychology and Counseling. He currently works at Quad Three Group, Inc., an architectural engineering and environmental science firm, as the Direc-tor of Business Development & Marketing. Mi-chael served as the mayor of Pittston from 1998 to 2006. He was later appointed to Pittston’s Redevelopment Authority Board. Mi-chael also serves on the boards of Leadership Wilkes-Barre and the Greater Pittston Cham-ber of Commerce. He has served as the Vice Chair of the Pittston Festival Association for the past 19 years. Michael resides in Pittston with his wife, Susan. They are the proud parents of twin daughters, Catherine and Kristen. They are parishioners of St. John the Evangelist Church, where Michael is a lector. He is also a Fourth Degree Member of the Knights of Columbus. It is an honor to recognize Michael as he re-ceives the Distinguished Leadership Alumni Award from Leadership Wilkes-Barre. May he continue serving as a guiding force in North-eastern Pennsylvania. 
f 
HONORING TIM M CKINNEY’S RETIREMENT 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tim McKinney for his years of service in improving the quality of life of residents of Fort Worth, and the broader community of Tarrant County, as President and CEO of United Way of Tarrant County (UWTC). Mr. McKinney was raised in Fort Worth, Texas and received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Texas Christian University. After college, he served in the U.S. Air Force for five years where he attained the rank of Captain, and received the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters. Following his military serv-ice, McKinney enjoyed a 36-year career in banking where he eventually earned his posi-tion as the President of Bank of America’s Fort Worth Region. As CEO of UWTC, Tim McKinney was in-strumental in the creation and implementation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.005 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE777 June 7, 2017 
of a visionary strategic plan that moved UWTC to a results-oriented ‘‘impact’’ model that em-braces nontraditional community partners. UWTC and its partners help 300,000 people annually throughout Tarrant County. Tim McKinney’s leadership as a fundraising professional led UWTC through trans-formational change. During his tenure, UWTC’s strong financial health and commit-ment to accountability and transparency earned the organization a top 4-star rating from Charity Navigator for five consecutive years. This recognition places UWTC among the top 6 percent of charities evaluated by Charity Navigator who have received at least 5 consecutive 4-star ratings. In addition, under his leadership, UWTC’s fundraising placed it among the top 4 percent of all United Ways in America. In addition to his work at UWTC, Tim McKinney served and continues to serve on the boards of several organizations. As the Board Chair of the Botanical Research Insti-tute of Texas (BRIT), he was active in its fund-raising efforts and in developing the new BRIT building and campus. He also served on the JLWest Foundation Board and helped to es-tablish the James L. West Presbyterian Spe-cial Care Center. Through his work in the Tarrant County community, Tim McKinney has earned a rep-utation as a highly ethical and trustworthy pro-fessional who values transparency, honesty, and innovation. I honor Mr. McKinney’s years of dedicated service to the Tarrant County community, and congratulate him on his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present on the House floor because my flight was cancelled due to in-clement weather. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 286, and yea on Roll Call No. 287. 
f 
SAMANTHA MOLINA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Samantha Molina for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Samantha Molina is a student at Arvada K– 8 School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Samantha Molina is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Samantha Molina for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on Roll Call No. 286 and No. 287. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 286, and YEA on Roll Call No. 287. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DELA-WARE & LEHIGH NATIONAL HER-ITAGE CORRIDOR’S DESIGNATION AS A SMITHSONIAN AFFILIATE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the Delaware & Lehigh National Heritage Corridor as it becomes America’s first National Heritage Area to receive a partner-ship designation from the Smithsonian Institu-tion. The D&L, as we in eastern Pennsylvania call it, preserves the historic canal that carried anthracite and iron from Wilkes-Barre to Phila-delphia. It is one of three National Heritage Areas in my congressional district, and it runs through three of the 17th District’s counties. I am proud to support areas like the Delaware & Lehigh National Heritage Corridor by co- sponsoring the National Heritage Area Author-ization Act. A National Heritage Area is a site des-ignated by Congress for the purposes of pre-serving history and encouraging an apprecia-tion of the site. It is a place where natural, scenic, cultural, and historic resources com-bine to offer a landscape of stories celebrating our unique journey and status as a region. A National Heritage Area is a lived-in landscape and is administered by a state government, non-profit, or private corporation rather than the National Park Service. It is a place where stewards collaborate with residents to forge a way to make heritage relevant for local inter-ests and needs. This community-driven ap-proach to heritage conservation and economic development must be preserved and grown. These sites are essential to how we share who we were, who we are, and who we might become with the next generation. The Smithsonian Institution was founded in 1846 and is the world’s largest museum, edu-cation, and research complex. It has over 216 affiliates. This affiliation partnership for the D&L comes on the heels of its recent merger with the National Canal Museum in Easton, Pennsylvania. The affiliation partnership des-ignation will raise the profile of the D&L and help it better connect to nature, recreation, and our nation’s industrial heritage. As a Smithsonian affiliate, the D&L will reap the benefits of co-branding, professional develop-ment, and customized client service to facili-tate exhibition and artifact borrowing needs. Those who know me well know my passions for preserving history, natural resources, and outdoor recreation opportunities. With the D&L, these passions are one. It is my honor to share with the House the story of a place that so well engenders a love of nature and of history and that now includes its welcome into the Smithsonian family. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes Tuesday, June 6, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 286 and 287. 
f 
SABASTIAN MEADOWS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Sabastian Meadows for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Sabastian Meadows is a student at Wayne Carle Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Sabastian Meadows is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Sabastian Meadows for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-avoidable conflict, I missed the following votes on June 6. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 286, and yea on Roll Call No. 287. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF PATIENT CHOICE AND QUALITY CARE ACT OF 2017 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, from sweeping changes to how care is delivered, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.002 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE778 June 7, 2017 
the rise of personalized medicine, patients today have more treatment options when fac-ing advanced illness than ever before. With these medical advances, the line between life and death can sometimes be blurred, which has changed the way we must talk about how we want to live and die. Despite these enormous changes, con-fronting an advanced illness or the end of life remains one of the most difficult and chal-lenging situations any family faces. There is substantial evidence that suggests the care individuals want to receive at the end of life is not necessarily the type of care they do receive. Patients, in fact, often receive ag-gressive treatment that not only substantially shortens their length of life, but its quality. At other times, patients find the health care sys-tem instead undervalues the quality of their life, withholding treatments they would other-wise want to receive. Issues surrounding the end of life and ad-vanced illness management become even more important when looking at the rapidly aging population in the United States. In 2014, Americans ages 65 and older made up 15 percent of the total population; by 2060 that share is projected to grow to 24 percent. A recent survey conducted by The Econo-mist and the Kaiser Family Foundation found that the majority of U.S. adults say the govern-ment is not prepared to deal with the aging population. The same survey found that a large majority of Americans believe both that patients and their families should have a greater say in which treatment options they re-ceive, and that most Americans don’t believe they have enough control over their medical decisions at the end of life. This must change. Individuals should have every opportunity to actively participate in making decisions about their health care throughout their lives and should receive care consistent with their val-ues, goals, and informed preferences. Patients should feel empowered to make informed choices about the health care they want and to have those care decisions honored by their providers and family. During passage of Affordable Care Act, I saw an opportunity to apply lessons learned in Oregon with its landmark comprehensive pal-liative care programs, which give patients more of a say about the medical treatment they want at the end of life. I worked to ensure that Congress included a payment for doctors to talk to patients and families about advance care planning in the Affordable Care Act. Un-fortunately, this provision wasn’t included in the final legislation due to a breakdown of the legislative process. After years of advocacy, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services designed a benefit allowing doctors to receive reimburse-ment for voluntary advance care planning con-versations with their patients. For the first time, Medicare will pay for these critical doc-tor-patient discussions in the same way it pays for any other medical service. Yet our work to improve end-of-life care is far from over, and it is for these reasons that I am introducing the bipartisan, bicameral Pa-tient Choice and Quality Care Act of 2017. This legislation will strengthen advanced ill-ness care by establishing a new model of care delivery that to better manage advanced ill-ness, improve quality of care, and enhance training, resources, and tools for providers, pa-tients, and their families. Ideally, health care should work in sync with social, psychological, and spiritual support as the end of life approaches. Care near the end of life must be patient-centered and family-ori-ented. This legislation is supported by patient advocates, physicians, nurses, and the faith community, who understand how improving care delivery for advanced illness fundamen-tally improves quality of care and quality of life. To that end, I ask my colleagues to join me and support this important legislation. 
f 
HONORING RYAN DANT’S COLLEGE GRADUATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ryan Dant. Ryan’s father Mark Dant retired just last year as Assistant Chief at the Carrollton, Texas Police Department. As a young boy, Ryan was diagnosed with a rare disease called Mucopolysaccharidosis (MPS Type 1)—a disease so rare that it affects about 1 in 100,000 children. Mr. Speaker, we recently observed National MPS Awareness Day on May 15. At the time he was diagnosed, in the early 90s, there was no cure or even a treatment for MPS. Doctors told Ryan’s parents—Jeanne and Mark—that he wouldn’t make it to his 13th birthday. Over time, the heartache of their son’s diag-nosis gave way to the steadfast perseverance that only a parent knows. Scientist after scientist, through experi-mental treatments and research studies, Ryan’s 13th birthday came and went. Last Saturday, Jeanne and Mark Dant wit-nessed a miracle—their son Ryan, at age 29, received his college degree. I congratulate Ryan on receiving his degree. His life’s journey is an inspiration to us all. 
f 
SAMANTHA WARD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Samantha (Sam) Ward for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Samantha Ward is a student at Wayne Carle Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Samantha Ward is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Samantha Ward for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on June 6, 2017 on account of attending my son’s graduation. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: YEA for rollcall vote 286 YEA for rollcall vote 287 
f 
THE RETIREMENT OF CRAIG SOUZA 
HON. DAVID ROUZER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, it is a great pleasure for me to make special mention today of the retirement of Craig Souza, a gen-tleman who has contributed decades of serv-ice to North Carolina through his leadership in providing quality health care facilities through-out the state. Craig has served as President and CEO of the North Carolina Health Care Facilities As-sociation since 1977. He is a proud graduate of East Carolina University (ECU) and has the distinction of having served as chairman of the ECU Board of Trustees. Mr. Souza has served in a number of lead-ership roles, including his service on the UNC Board of Governors, as past president of both the American Society of Health Care Associa-tion Executives and the Association Execu-tives of North Carolina; and as a member of the Board of Directors of the North Carolina Institute of Medicine, the North Carolina Social Services Commission and the North Carolina Board of Examiners for Nursing Home Admin-istrators. He also served with distinction as deputy secretary of the North Carolina Depart-ment of Human Resources. Throughout his career, Mr. Souza has car-ried out his service with integrity and dedica-tion providing our state with valued leadership and counsel in every endeavor. In his retirement, Craig plans to continue to enjoy spending time with family, traveling, playing golf, watching Carolina Panthers foot-ball, and cheering on his beloved ECU Pi-rates. On behalf of the State of North Carolina, thank Craig for his years of commitment and service. I wish him the very best as he enters this next chapter in his life. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KATHLEEN STROUD FOR HER WORK AND ADVOCACY ON SOCIAL JUSTICE ISSUES 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Kathleen Stroud for her impactful leadership on social justice issues. Ms. Stroud has served Michigan with distinc-tion in a variety of elected positions at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.008 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE779 June 7, 2017 
state and local level and is the founder of Ann Arbor’s Safe House program. After graduating from Eastern Michigan Uni-versity, Ms. Stroud began her career working to reduce domestic violence in Washtenaw County. She was then elected to the Washtenaw County Board of Commissioners at the age of 28, where she served four con-secutive terms from 1972 to 1980. During this time, she served on the Governor’s Crime Vic-tims Compensation Board and the Legislative Advisory Committee on Domestic Violence, where her advocacy and efforts resulted in Michigan passing comprehensive domestic vi-olence legislation that included strong protec-tions for women and children. Additionally, Ms. Stroud spearheaded the creation of a network of private homes to provide shelter for victims of domestic violence. This effort culminated in the opening of the Ann Arbor Safe House in 1992, the first publicly funded domestic vio-lence shelter in the United States. Ms. Stroud has been an outstanding advo-cate for children and families in need through-out her career. She has been involved with the National Organization for Women, since its founding in 1966, and remains active in the local American Association of University Women, where she has previously served as its president. These actions, along with her in-volvement in Ann Arbor Safe House, have helped to create a supportive and welcoming environment and provided much-need re-sources for domestic violence victims. Ms. Stroud has also worked to support these and other public health efforts during her 40-year tenure on the Washtenaw County Board of Health. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Kathleen Stroud for her lifetime of service on behalf of Washtenaw County and its residents. Ms. Stroud has been a key figure in fighting for social justice throughout her ca-reer. 
f 
SAVANNAH PRIDE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Savannah Pride for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Savannah Pride is a student at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Savannah Pride is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Sa-vannah Pride for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. MICHAEL KINDER & SONS 125TH ANNIVERSARY COMMEMORATION HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, this year a family owned and operated construc-tion company in northeast Indiana is cele-brating its 125th year in business. Since 1892, Michael Kinder & Sons, owned and operated by the Kinder family, has been working on planning, designing, and building projects in and around Fort Wayne, Indiana. A company that began with just three construction workers and an old mule has grown to become a lead-ing regional construction firm. Over the years, Michael Kinder & Sons has completed thou-sands of projects and transformed skylines across northeast Indiana. The Michael Kinder & Sons team has constructed important indus-trial facilities, houses of worship, health-care facilities, senior-care residences, college cam-puses, and commercial buildings. The com-pany has made it a point to support local char-ities and has offered leadership to local non- profit, education, and faith-based boards. Guided by its motto—‘‘We will serve our cli-ents’ needs—no matter how large or small— by providing quality services in the commercial and industrial marketplace’’—Michael Kinder & Sons has been an important part of northeast Indiana’s fabric for 125 years. I congratulate the entire Michael Kinder & Sons team on their success and wish them many prosperous years ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE FOR REMINGTON J. PETERS 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my most sincere appreciation for the life and service of Navy Petty Officer First Class Remington J. Peters. He was tragically taken from this world at the young age of 27 over the Memorial Day weekend. Remi was born and raised in Grand Junc-tion, Colorado, where he was known by his friends to be a loving, caring and passionate young man who brought a smile to everyone’s face. His parents described him as an angel on earth. After Remi graduated from Grand Junction High School, he found his calling in the U.S. Navy. He entered SEAL school and graduated without difficulty. During his distinguished time in the Navy, Remi was assigned to the SEAL’s prestigious Leap Frogs, the Navy’s parachute demonstra-tion team. Remi performed over 900 jumps, most of them at public gatherings in front of hundreds of thousands of Americans. As a Navy SEAL, Remi risked his life every time he stepped foot on a ship or helicopter. Remi accepted the dangers of two combat tours and hundreds of jumps in order to serve his country. Mr. Speaker, at only 27 years old, Remi had an impressive list of accomplishments. I hope as his family and friends commemorate his life, they are continually reminded of what an extraordinary individual he was. Remi will for-ever be remembered in his hometown of Grand Junction, and by so many who came to know him over the years. I continue to pray for comfort for Remi’s family and friends during this difficult time, and I know that the memory of Remington J. Peters will live on in all who share his story. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. LAMAR BALL 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of former First State Bank executive, Lamar Ball, who passed away on March 26, 2017. Mr. Ball was known for his commitment to his family and his leadership in the Denton banking community. He was a skilled visionary who saved First State Bank from potential closure immediately after as-suming the role of chairman and CEO in Octo-ber 1989. A Tennessee native, Mr. Ball graduated from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville in 1962. Long before he led First State Bank, Mr. Ball began his working life measuring cot-ton crops straight out of college. After a full year of such work, he decided he needed a change. The only requirement for his next job, according to his daughter Allison, was that it be indoors, so Mr. Ball accepted a banking job in Atlanta and embarked on a banking career that would endure more than 30 years. To Mr. Ball, his legacy was important. Ac-cording to his son David, ‘‘His legacy was not the material things he gained; his legacy was his children and grandchildren, and he made sure [they] knew that.’’ Mr. Ball was an ac-complished and influential banker, but more importantly, he was a loving and dedicated parent and grandparent. He will be greatly missed. I include in the R
ECORD an article that appeared in The Denton Record-Chronicle. 
LAMAR BALL, FORMER EXEC AT FIRST STATE  B
ANK, DIES AT AGE76 (Jenna Duncan, Staff Writer) Lamar Ball, a devoted father, grandfather and a staple in the Denton banking commu-nity, died Sunday after a battle with myelodysplastic syndrome, a blood disorder that can lead to cancer. He was 76. Ball was known in Denton for saving First State Bank. He started in October 1989 as chairman and CEO and quickly stopped the bank from losing money and facing closure. He brought in investor Carl Pohlad, who at the time owned the major league baseball team Minnesota Twins, and rebuilt the com-pany, former colleagues said. ‘‘His mission was to raise capital to quite frankly save the bank and he did, so in my mind he saved First State Bank of Texas,’’ said Bill Bonds, who served as chief financial officer under Ball. ‘‘He was a visionary. He told me one time that he loved to create worth. His greatest skill was finding or tak-ing something that was broken and turning it into something valuable.’’ The Tennessee native graduated from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville in 1962 and immediately got a job measuring cotton crops. His daughter, Allison Bertorelli, said his only specifications for what he wanted in his first job was that it would be indoors. The next year, Ball switched to banking with a job in Atlanta and continued in the industry for more than 30 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.012 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE780 June 7, 2017 
One phrase he took to heart and would often repeat was, ‘‘I might not be the smart-est guy in the room, but I work harder than anyone in the room,’’ said Glenn Monroe, a family friend turned colleague at First State in Denton. He was a fan of 6 a.m. meetings and didn’t like doing check-ins with employ-ees on a regular basis. A lot of times, Ball was also the smartest man in the room, Mon-roe said. ‘‘You won’t meet too many bankers at the executive level who are willing to make deci-sions and live with them,’’ Monroe said. ‘‘He was willing to listen to all of the informa-tion, listen to your input, and he’d make a decision. That would be it. If the decision wasn’t the greatest one, he never came back on anyone else.’’ A main reason Ball was able to build cap-ital at First State was through acquiring smaller community banks in the area, then helping make them more profitable. By the time he left in the late 1990s, the bank had more than quadrupled its assets. From there, he went on to invest and lead Smart Start, a company that creates alcohol detection technology for cars, and invested in other companies. He worked a lot of late nights, his children said, but he made sure he could always coach a sports team for one of five children and never missed a game, Bertorelli said. He also loved the phrase ‘‘Heck of a deal’’ whenever one of his kids came to him with a tale of success. Later in life, he continued that dedication to family with his 11 grandchildren. Each photo of him with one of grandchildren re-veals a large, toothy grin with Ball’s ears sticking out, his son, David Ball, said. ‘‘His legacy was a big deal to him,’’ David Ball said. ‘‘His legacy was not the material things he gained; his legacy was his children and grandchildren, and he made sure we knew that.’’ Ball is survived by his wife, Barbara Ball, his five children, a stepchild and 11 grand-children. Visitation will be from 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at Bill DeBerry Funeral Direc-tors, 2025 W. University Drive. Funeral service will be at 11 a.m. Thursday at St. Andrew Presbyterian Church, 300 W. Oak St. in Denton. f 
SELENA MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Selena Mar-tinez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Selena Martinez is a student at Arvada K– 8 School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Selena Martinez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Selena Martinez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. RECOGNIZING MEGAFEST, THE NA-TION’S LARGEST FAITH, FILM, AND FAMILY MULTIDAY EXPERI-ENCE HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize MegaFest which returns to Dallas this sum-mer—June 28 through July 1. MegaFest has been built into the nation’s largest celebration of life-changing events and empowering semi-nars focused on faith, inspiration, music, en-tertainment, youth and fun for the entire fam-ily, and praise for this event’s success belongs to visionary leader Bishop T.D. Jakes. MegaFest has captivated diverse audiences in Atlanta, GA; Dallas, TX; and Johannesburg, South Africa, since 2004. In 2015, over 90,000 attendees from around the world called Dallas ‘‘home.’’ With an expected attendance of over 100,000, support from the business commu-nity and key sponsors has helped Bishop Jakes, MegaFest, and the City of Dallas reach larger audiences and offer quality programs and entertainment. A major theme of the event is based on the ‘‘Conversations with America’’ survey con-ducted by Bishop Jakes. The survey gauged America’s thoughts, concerns, and views on today’s most pressing issues, including gender equality, criminal justice reform, economic re-form, and national security. This year’s results show a significant and consistent gap between men and women’s views toward the current state of gender in-equality across America. Equality for all is a central pillar of our democracy, and women, no matter their ethnicity, religious orientation, or socioeconomic status in the United States, should be treated as equals in all aspects of our society. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Bishop Jakes on creating such a wonderful and progressive event. I wish MegaFest, and similar events, fu-ture success in uniting families and individuals from all over the world in the name of love, growth, and equality. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD SERGEANT (SGT) KYLE CLAYTON THOMAS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard Sergeant (SGT) Kyle Clayton Thomas who paid the ultimate sacrifice while training to defend our great nation on May 29, 2017, at the National Training Center (NTC) at Fort Irwin, California. SGT Thomas died in a rollover accident while he and three other sol-diers were conducting combat maneuver oper-ations in a M1A2 SEPv2 Abrams Main Battle Tank. The soldiers with him were treated and released from Loma Linda University Medical Center in Loma Linda, California. SGT Thomas, an Amory native and 2011 Amory High School graduate, was assigned to Company A, 2nd Battalion 198th Armored, 155th Armored Brigade headquartered in Tupelo, Mississippi. SGT Thomas joined the Mississippi Army National Guard in 2012. His mother, Jo Ann Boussouar, says her son was always inter-ested in the military. As a young boy, SGT Thomas would say that he wanted to be a tank driver. Her son was able to fulfill his dream to serve in the military, and she is proud of his willingness to sacrifice his life for the safety of his family. ‘‘Kyle has a tattoo that said, ‘For those I love, I will sacrifice,’ ’’ she said. ‘‘That’s what he did.’’ SGT Thomas divided his time between his assembly job at NauticStar Boats manufac-turing plant in Amory and the Mississippi Army National Guard. SGT Thomas’s obituary de-scribes him as a compassionate person who loved life and spending time with his family. It says when his daughter, Devina Jayde Smith, was born, an incredible bond was formed. SGT Thomas’s father, Eddie Thomas, says the whole family is proud of SGT Thomas’s commitment to his family and to the defense of our nation. ‘‘I was very proud,’’ Mr. Thomas said. ‘‘His service made me feel wonderful.’’ In a statement issued by the Department of the Army and Air Force, Colonel (COL) Doug Ferguson, Commander of the Tupelo-based 155th Armored Brigade Combat Team, ex-pressed his sympathy over the loss of SGT Thomas. ‘‘Our deepest sympathies go out to SGT Thomas’s family and friends,’’ said COL Fer-guson. ‘‘We have lost a valuable member of our team and this loss will be felt across the brigade.’’ SGT Thomas’s awards include the Meri-torious Service Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Serv-ice Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Army Re-serve Component Achievement Medal, Mis-sissippi Magnolia Cross, Mississippi Emer-gency Service Medal, Mississippi Longevity Medal, and the Mississippi War Medal. SGT Thomas died on Memorial Day—the day our nation sets aside to honor the service men and women who fought and died to pro-tect the freedoms we all enjoy. We cannot for-get what this national holiday means to fami-lies who have experienced that loss. SGT Thomas is survived by a daughter, Devina Smith; parents, Eddie Thomas (Sheryl) and Jo Ann Boussouar (Hachemi); sisters, Joni Edmonson (David), Tiffany Jones; Chrystal Parker (Marty), and Jennifer Sloan (Robin); grandparents, Jackie Ann Wallace and Marvelle Jean Tartt; aunts, Janette West (Dan), Karen Wallace; uncles, Billy and Bobby Wallace; cousins, Danette Starks (William) and Allison Fair (Chris); nieces and nephews, Annalee Thomas, Alexis Jones, Olivia and Riley Edmonson, Dustin Parker (Brooke), Jake Sloan (Chastity), Lauren Sloan; special friends, Chandler Riggs, Bradley Riggs, Ryan Hill, Jessica Smith (mother of Devina), Han-nah Zaragosa, and Courtlyn McCollum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.015 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE781 June 7, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF AZERBAIJAN REPUBLIC DAY 
HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Republic of Azerbaijan as it recently celebrated the 99th anniversary of Republic Day. On May 28, 1918, the Azerbaijani National Council proclaimed the independence of Azer-baijan and the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. Thus, Azerbaijan be-came the first democratic parliamentary repub-lic in the Muslim world. Since that day nearly a century ago and es-pecially over the last 25 years, the United States has striven to develop, grow, and en-hance its relationship with Azerbaijan and the Azerbaijani people. Azerbaijan is an ethnically diverse country where the predominately Muslim population coexists with Christian, Jewish, and other reli-gious communities. The country has emerged as a leader in energy markets in the Caspian Region for several years now. The United States has long supported Azerbaijan’s achievements and the United States seeks to maintain a strong bilateral economic relation-ship through the promotion of trade and in-vestment. The United States and Azerbaijan continue to foster a strong and sturdy partnership and cooperate on economic and security issues. Azerbaijan has taken critical steps toward working with the United States on counterter-rorism efforts. The American people appre-ciate and are grateful for the solid bilateral re-lationship forged over the years with Azer-baijan. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Azerbaijan and its people on this the 99th anniversary commemorating Republic Day. 
f 
SERENITY GARCIA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Serenity Gar-cia for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Serenity Garcia is a student at Moore Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Serenity Garcia is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Se-renity Garcia for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. RECOGNIZING GARY LETTERLY HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize my friend Gary Letterly for his dedication to the agricultural community and congratulate him on his retire-ment after 25 years with University of Illinois Extension. For nearly three decades, Gary has worked at the Extension office in Christian County, contributing to local economic development projects within the county. In this role, Gary was able to establish an Enterprise Zone along Route 29 and create ‘‘Community Swaps’’ which helped connect community leaders and elected officials to similarly-sized communities in the state as a way to help those officials learn and grow in their posi-tions. As his career progressed, Gary’s unique specializations and insight helped to broaden the focus and expand the impact of the Uni-versity of Illinois Extension Office. His broad range of skills greatly impacted the production of local row-crops as well as homeowner lawn and pest issues. I am proud to recognize Mr. Letterly’s work on behalf of the agricultural community and wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING HUBERT MILLS 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the world has changed much over the last 100 years. If you want to know just how much, ask Mr. Hu-bert Mills of Hot Springs, Arkansas. The year of Mr. Mills’ birth was eventful—the U.S. faced uncertainty as President Woodrow Wilson pre-pared our nation for World War I, the Chicago White Sox won the world series, and the man who would become the 35th U.S. President, John F. Kennedy, was born. In his 100 years of life, Mr. Mills saw Amer-ica win two world wars and put a man on the moon. He has lived through the administra-tions of 18 presidents of the United States and experienced the American dream. During 100 years, he has worked a variety of jobs from driving a sprinkler truck at the local race track at age 20 to working as a driv-er for Railway Express. But Mr. Mills made a name for himself building homes in the Hot Springs region, retiring at the age of 95, though he still does work for his many cus-tomers. At 100-years-old, Mr. Mills is surrounded by many loved ones, including his three children, six grandchildren, and 11 great grandchildren. As Mr. Mills celebrates his 100th birthday on Friday, June 9, 2017, I would like to wish him a happy birthday. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 10TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE UNITED HEALTH FOUNDATION’S DIVERSE SCHOLARS INITIATIVE HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, continuing to mod-ernize the health care system requires improv-ing the quality and delivery of health care, the backbone of which is our health workforce. I am proud to have the opportunity today to talk about a group of promising students from around the country. This year’s United Health Foundation Diverse Scholars Initiative scholar-ship recipients represent 36 states, and they are some of the brightest individuals preparing to enter the health workforce. They are working hard in their under-graduate, graduate and doctorate programs— whether they are studying to be physicians, nurses, dentists, or mental health providers— to increase the number of skilled professionals entering the health workforce. This is key to the future of our nation’s health: we need a ro-bust health care workforce in order to increase access to care in rural areas and across the nation. Beyond their academic achievements, I would also like to recognize their commitment to making the health care system more cul-turally relevant and their dedication to improv-ing the health outcomes of the individuals they will one day serve. Research shows that when people are treated by health professionals who share their language, culture, or ethnicity, they are more likely to accept and receive medical treatment. That is why these students will be a great asset to our nation’s health care system. Next week, these scholars will be joining us in Washington, D.C. to examine some of the nation’s most urgent health care issues and potential solutions as part of the Diverse Scholars Forum. Celebrating its 10th anniver-sary this year, the United Health Foundation’s Diverse Scholars Initiative has helped more than 2,000 multicultural students from across the country realize their dreams of pursuing careers in health while meeting the needs of local and underserved communities. This year, these scholars include a group of military spouses pursuing health careers who have re-ceived scholarships, and I would like to recog-nize their commitment to becoming part of the future health workforce and for their sacrifices and service to our nation. To these exceptional scholars, congratula-tions and best wishes for success in all of your future endeavors. As a teacher, I’m proud to know that we have scholars like you who are ready to lead us into a new era of better and more efficient health care. I know that our nation’s health care system will benefit from your hard work and talent. Aviva Aguilar, Fatima Ahmad, Maria Alfaro, Sainfer Aliyu, Cesar Andrade, Austere Apolo, Shantrice Appleby, Janetci Arevalo, Melissa Avila, Kwame Awuku, Kane Banner, Cristina Batarse, Simone Batiste, Shanell Becenti, Asma Begum, Ashleigh Bennett, Michael Bervell, Carlene Black, Ashley Blackwell, Ruth Campos, Girah Caraballo, Suzanne Carvajal- Pinos, Danelle Cooper, Radha Dahal, Ana Maria De Leon, Angelica Duque, Marissa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.018 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE782 June 7, 2017 
Emadi, Rebecca Espinoza, Gerardo Flores, Clarissa Flores, Itzel Garcia Vasquez, Raffaella Garofanelli, Jeremy Garriga, Jashalynn German, Claudio Gonzalez, Paula- Ann Granston, Katie Haynes, Ray Hill, Shakura Howard, Wesley Hungbui, Ronald Ikech, Jalane Jara, Karianne Jones, Ramanjot Kaur, Leslie Kedelty, Cleo Klopfleisch, Vin Lay, Than Le, Amy Liang, Christine Loftis, Dylan Lopez, Quentin Loyd, Mabel Luo, An-drew Ly, Maria Madrigal, Alexann Masiko- Meyer, Beverley Mateo, Karen Mendez, Justin Mollison, Kimberley Mondestin, Christian Monsalve, Maria Moreno Valencia, Krista Morine, Egypt Muhammad, Marilyn Ndukwe, Ronke Olowojesiku, Chiemeka Onyima, Vic-toria Ordaz-Garcia, Laura Sofia Ortega Flores, Angelika Pasion, Sylvia Pena, Laura Penalo, Joshua Platero, Anna Quintanilla, Alejandro Rabionet, Grace Ramirez, Caesar Rangel, Kimyetta Robinson, Franklyn Rocha Cabrero, Victoria Rodriguez, Nancy Roque, Giovanni Rosas Escobedo, Leah Ruiz, Valeria Salazar Balli, Kelly Sanchez, Mariah Smith, Alcha Strane, Maylei Suen, Brenda Talamantes, Lisa Tu, Ifeanyi Uche, Best Uchehara, Madelyne Valdez, Jennifer Villalobos, Sebastian Villegas, Joaquin Villegas, Craig Washington, Veronica Williams, Davontae Willis, Bethany Womack, Chaoyan Yu, Ashley Zapata. 
f 
SHELBY SCHINDLER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Shelby Schindler for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Shelby Schindler is a student at Oberon Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Shelby Schindler is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Shelby Schindler for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, due to the birth of my first child I was unable to be present for votes taken May 18 through 19, 22, and 24 through 25, as well as for some votes on May 23. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 263 (Previous Ques-tion on H. Res. 324): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 264 (Passage of H. Res. 324): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 265 (Passage of H.R. 115, the Thin Blue Line Act): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 266 (Passage of H.R. 1892, the Honoring Hometown Heroes Act): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 267 (Passage of H.AMDT. 117 to H.R. 1039 offered by Rep. SHEILA JACKSON LEE): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 268 (Passage of H.R. 1039, the Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 269 (Passage of H.R. 1862, the Global Child Protection Act of 2017): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 270 (Passage of H.R. 1842, the Strengthening Children’s Safe-ty Act): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 273 (Passage of H.R. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 274 (Motion to Table): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 275 (Previous Ques-tion on H. Res. 352): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 276 (Passage of H. Res. 352): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 277 (Passage of H.R. 2052, the Protecting the Rights of Indi-Viduals Against Technological Exploitation (PRIVATE) Act): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 278 (Passage of H.R. 467, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 279 (Passage of H. AMDT. 118 to H.R. 953 offered by Rep. E
LIZA-
BETH ESTY): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 280 (Passage of H. AMDT. 119 to H.R. 953 offered by Rep. J
ARED  H
UFFMAN ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 281 (Motion to Re-commit on H.R. 953): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 282 (Passage of H.R. 953, the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 283 (Passage of H. AMDT 124 to H.R. 1761 offered by Rep. S
HEI-
LAJACKSON LEE): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 284 (Passage of H.R. 1761, the Protecting Against Child Ex-ploitation Act of 2017): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 285 (H.R. 1973, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017): YES. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 7, I joined the Vice President for an im-portant event at Johnson Space Center in my congressional district. As a result, I missed the following recorded votes: On roll call Number 288, ordering the pre-vious question on House Resolution 374, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 289, agreeing to House Resolution 374, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 290, ordering the pre-vious question on House Resolution 375, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 291, agreeing to House Resolution 375, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 292, the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 293, passage of an amendment to H.R. 2213, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 294, passage of H.R. 2213, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ I am pleased that my colleagues in the House voted to pass the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Reauthorization Act of 2017 that will en-able the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to fulfill its duty to protect the American people by waiving specific pre-employment re-quirements for certain qualified candidates to make the hiring process more expedient. The CBP is currently understaffed below its con-gressionally mandated level and this bill will help alleviate this staffing shortage. f 
TRIBUTE TO MADELEINE BERMAN AND HER LATE HUSBAND, MANDELL BERMAN 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to two remarkable people from my home state of Michigan, Madeleine Berman and her late husband, Mandell Berman. The Bermans are being honored by the Detroit Symphony Orchestra (DSO) at its seventh an-nual Heroes Gala on June 10, 2017 for their significant contributions to the DSO, which plays a vital role in the vibrant cultural fabric of Southeast Michigan. For many of us privileged with the long and warm personal friendship with Madge and Bill Berman, who passed away at the age of 99 last December, this Heroes Gala provides the opportunity to give thanks for the blessings of their generosity to the DSO, as well as a very broad range of community interests. In recognition of his leadership, Bill Berman was given the Russell G. Mawby Award by the Council of Michigan Foundations in 2012, and he was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Madge Berman has served two terms on the President’s Com-mittee for the Arts, to which she was ap-pointed by President Bill Clinton in 1994 and reappointed by President Barack Obama in 2009, and received the national Legacy Award from Americans for the Arts, which she has served as a board member since 1989. Their passion for the arts and education truly came together in Bill and Madge’s sup-port for the DSO, particularly in their vision and support for its ‘‘Live from Orchestra Hall: Classroom Edition’’ program. Grounded in her background in music, communication and the-ater, Madge Berman wanted to find a way to use technology to help bring the experience of the orchestra to young people in Detroit who may otherwise not be exposed to it. She and Bill brought the idea to the leadership of the DSO, and ‘‘Live from Orchestra Hall: Class-room Edition’’ was born. This one of a kind webcast series aimed at youth is made avail-able at no cost to every classroom in the De-troit Public Schools Community District, and students from throughout the United States and the world have experienced the beauty of orchestral music through its availability on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.021 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE783 June 7, 2017 
DSO’s website. A Teacher’s Resource Guide is also available on the website to enable edu-cators to create lessons accompanying the concerts. With their devotion of time and financial re-sources, they have supported a wide array of organizations in the promotion of education, animal welfare, the arts, and hunger allevi-ation. Bill Berman was for nearly endless dec-ades a uniquely inspirational force in the Jew-ish community. In education, he was co-founder of the Jewish Education Services of North America and funded the University of Michigan Hillel, which bears his name, as well as holding vital posts in a large number of Jewish organizations in Michigan and nation-ally. Combining their love of theater and Jew-ish education, Bill and Madge Berman found-ed the Berman Center for the Performing Arts at the Jewish Community Center in West Bloomfield, Michigan. As Mark Davidoff, chairman of the DSO’s board of directors, told the Detroit Jewish News, ‘‘What I learned from the Bermans is the art of stewardship. The manner in which they curated their financial and community commitments is a lesson for us all. They cre-ated a sustainable legacy in areas important to all of us, including community cohesion, education, and arts and culture.’’ When the Detroit Symphony Orchestra per-forms, from Beethoven to Gershwin, on Satur-day, June 10 at the Heroes Concert and Gala, it will indeed be sounding fervent notes of trib-ute to two true heroes. 
f 
SIERRA GIFFORD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Sierra Gifford for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Sierra Gifford is a student at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Sierra Gif-ford is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Si-erra Gifford for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF NANCY ZIRKIN 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Ms. PELOSl. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the bold visionary leader-ship of Nancy Zirkin, who is retiring as Execu-tive Vice President and Director of Policy at the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. It has been my privilege to work with Nancy for three decades, and to witness first-hand her relentless commitment to justice and op-portunity for hard working families. Every day, with every fight she has championed the civil, human and economic rights of those all too often left behind in America. Nancy Zirkin retires with a towering legacy of legislative achievement to her credit. At the Leadership Conference, Nancy was instru-mental in the passage of the ADA Amend-ments of 2008, the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 and the historic Dodd-Frank Wall Street consumer financial protections law. Before that, Nancy was the Director of Pub-lic Policy and Government Relations at the American Association for University Women, where she worked on the ERA ratification and the Family and Medical Leave Act. Nancy knows how to bring diverse players together, from the Chamber of Commerce to the civil rights community, to secure progress in the lives of the American people. She has been an invaluable leader, coordinating legis-lative campaigns that win over the last dec-ade. She is tireless and forceful—and she won’t accept no for an answer. Beyond her professional service, Nancy is a promoter of countless women running for of-fice and a devoted grandmother. She is a civic leader and with her husband Harold, a dedi-cated philanthropist on causes from childhood hunger to access to medical care for all. On behalf of her many friends in Congress on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol, and as a fellow proud daughter of Baltimore, I commend Nancy Zirkin on a life-time of transformational public service. As she begins this new chapter of her life, I wish her well in all her future endeavors. f 
A COMPREHENSIVE PROACTIVE CYBERSECURITY STRATEGY 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, World War III is raging in cyber space right now. It has be-come one of the most crucial homeland and global security issues. In May, there was a global cyberattack— most likely by the North Koreans—that was re-ported to have hit 200,000 computers in more than 150 countries. Last year, our Presidential elections came under cyber attack, possibly compromising the American electoral system. According to a January report of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, ‘‘Russian efforts to influ-ence the 2016 presidential election represent the most recent expression of Moscow’s long-standing desire to undermine the US-led lib-eral democratic order.’’ The United States is not alone. There were press reports of a mas-sive cyber hack of French President Emman-uel Macron’s campaign. This is an issue that impacts the security of the United States and our allies. We cannot wait for the next attack. Instead, we must have a comprehensive, proactive cybersecurity strategy. That is why I am introducing legisla-tion today. First, my legislation will call on the Depart-ment of Defense to update its cyber strategy. Second, it will require the President to draft a strategy for offensive cyber capabilities. Fi-nally, it authorizes international cooperation, including building up NATO partner cyber ca-pabilities. My legislation will increase our offensive cyber abilities to help prevent our adversaries from engaging in the types of cyber espionage we witnessed during the past election and in recent global cyber attacks. Protecting our net-works is vital to the security of our nation and allies, and my legislation works towards that end. f 
TRIBUTE TO ROSE ALLSTON WOODSIDE 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues here in the House of Representatives to join me as I rise to pay tribute to Mrs. Rose Allston Woodside, and the many contributions she made as a dedicated community member of Newark, New Jersey. Born and raised in Newark, New Jersey, Mrs. Woodside is a long-time, exemplary resi-dent of Newark’s Central Ward. She lived in Newark for 89 years, where she made an amazing impact on her community. As a young woman living on Hillside Place in New-ark in the 1940s, she was a wonderful ball-room dancer and participated in local lindy hop dances at Newark’s Kruger Auditorium. She received her high school diploma from South Side High School which laid the founda-tion for a successful career in the secretarial and stenography field. She contributed her service as an Executive Assistant at the New-ark Housing Authority (NHA) for over 30 years. At the NHA, she became a founding member of the Local 305 Service Employees International Union, and served as its Cor-responding Secretary. Mrs. Woodside’s love for her community is unquestioned as she spent much of her time engaging in many civic and community activi-ties. She was a founding member of The Lomars, a Newark social club, which sup-ported the candidacy of Newark’s first African American mayor, Kenneth Gibson. In addition, she was an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the High Park Garden housing cooperative in Newark’s Central Ward. Mrs. Woodside has been an amazing mem-ber of the St. James A.M.E. Church for 71 years. In her church she served for over 20 years, as a member and officer of the Marie B. Moses Scholarship Committee for over 20 years, which provided college scholarships for high school students. Also, Mrs. Woodside loved to travel. She has visited several coun-tries. including South Africa, which she visited four times. Her love to experience different cultures transpired through her work as a member of the Experienced Seniors Club, where she helped to plan trips and cultural events for other senior citizens living in New-ark. Furthermore, for many years she was a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.024 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE784 June 7, 2017 
poll worker in Newark’s Central Ward. At 90, her hobby consists of making beautifully de-signed tissue boxes for family members and friends. Throughout her time in Newark, she devel-oped special bonds with many members of her community including with Mayor Baraka’s grandmother, who she was best friends with. Not only is Mrs. Woodside a cherished resi-dent of Newark, she is also a beloved mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother. Mr. Speaker, I know my fellow members of the U.S. House of Representatives agree that Mrs. Rose Allston Woodside deserves to be recognized for a job well done and for many years of service to the Newark community. 
f 
SOPHIE OSCAR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Sophie Oscar for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Sophie Oscar is a student at North Arvada Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Sophie Oscar is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Sophie Oscar for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 8, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED JUNE 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Defense budget posture in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2018 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Justice. SD–192 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Mas-sachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, and Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hampshire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. SD–538 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 and revenue proposals. SD–608 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the effec-tiveness of existing Federal permitting processes, compare and contrast Fed-eral permitting and state permitting, and examine how Federal permitting can be improved. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kristine L. Svinicki, of Vir-ginia, Annie Caputo, of Virginia, and David Wright, of South Carolina, each to be a Member of the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, and Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on how the drug delivery system affects what pa-tients pay. SD–430 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Agriculture. SD–124 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of State. SD–192 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Transportation. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2018 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine state-spon-sored cyberspace threats, focusing on recent incidents and United States pol-icy response. SD–419 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1250, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the In-dian Health Service, restore account-ability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, S. 1275, to im-prove the housing conditions and pro-mote useful land uses within tribal communities, and an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘HUD/VA Veterans Affairs Sup-portive Housing’’. SD–628 JUNE 14 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the Roma-nian anti-corruption process, focusing on successes and excesses. SVC–212–210 9:45 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of John Kenneth Bush, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and Damien Michael Schiff, of California, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. SD–226 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine paving the way for self-driving vehicles. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine S. 517, to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for Reid vapor pressure limitations under such Act. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine ideology and terror, focusing on understanding the tools, tactics, and techniques of violent extremism. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.027 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE785 June 7, 2017 
10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense. SD–192 11 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police. SD–124 2 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 440, to es-tablish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, S. 677, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new sur-face water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Ag-riculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, S. 685, to authorize the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-thority System and the Musselshell- Judith Rural Water System in the States of Montana and North Dakota, S. 930, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administra-tion to establish a pilot project to pro-vide increased transparency for cus-tomers, S. 1012, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1029, to amend the Pub-lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to exempt certain small hydro-electric power projects that are apply-ing for relicensing under the Federal Power Act from the licensing require-ments of that Act, and S. 1030, to re-quire the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the National Nu-clear Security Administration. SD–138 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2019 advance appropria-tions requests. SR–418 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine military caregivers, focusing on families serving for the long run. SD–106 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine tax reform, focusing on removing barriers to small business growth. SR–428A JUNE 15 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2018 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Forest Service. SD–366 JUNE 20 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine collabo-rative initiatives, focusing on restoring watersheds and large landscapes across boundaries through state and Federal partnerships. SD–366 JUNE 22 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2018 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 JUNE 27 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Labor. SD–138 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M07JN8.000 E07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with REMARKS
D617 Wednesday, June 7, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3301–S3344 Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and three res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1298–1314, and S. Res. 185–187.
                                      Pages S3327–28 
Measures Reported: S. 286, to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 115–92) 
                                                                                            Page S3327 
Measures Passed: Lions Clubs International 100th Anniversary: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 174, recognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International and celebrating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humanitarian service, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S3342–43 
Tillis (for Moran) Amendment No. 222, to re-move references to specific entities.
         Pages S3342–43 
Congratulating Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory: Senate agreed to S. Res. 187, congratu-lating and honoring Fermi National Accelerator Lab-oratory on 50 years of groundbreaking discoveries. 
                                                                                            Page S3343 
Measures Considered: Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act— Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, to im-pose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights.
                                                                      Pages S3303–21 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 91 yeas to 8 nays (Vote No. 140), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                Pages S3309–10 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 8, 2017; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business and Leader remarks count post-clo-ture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                                                           Page S3343 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Ryan McCarthy, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary of the Army. Patrick M. Shanahan, of Washington, to be Dep-uty Secretary of Defense. Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Attorney General. Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. Ralph R. Erickson, of North Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia. Timothy J. Kelly, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Stephen S. Schwartz, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. Michael P. Allen, of Florida, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims for the term of fifteen years. Amanda L. Meredith, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims for the term of fifteen years. Joseph L. Toth, of Wisconsin, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims for the term of fifteen years.
                Page S3344 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3327 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3327 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S3327 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3327 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD618 June 7, 2017 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3328–29 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3329–39 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3325–27 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3339–41 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3341–42 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—140)
                                                                Page S3310 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:47 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 8, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3343.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: FOREST SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the USDA Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture. APPROPRIATIONS: ARMY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Army, after receiving testimony from Robert M. Speer, Acting Secretary of the Army, and General Mark A. Milley, USA, Chief of Staff of the Army, both of the Department of De-fense. APPROPRIATIONS: NRC Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, after receiving testimony from Kristine L. Svinicki, Chairman, and Jeff Baran and Stephen G. Burns, both a Commissioner, all of the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission. APPROPRIATIONS: HUD Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, after receiving testimony from Ben Carson, Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment. APPROPRIATIONS: LOC AND AOC Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch concluded a hearing to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Library of Congress and the Archi-tect of the Capitol, after receiving testimony from Carla Hayden, Librarian of Congress; and Stephen T. Ayers, Architect of the Capitol. DEFENSE NUCLEAR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine Depart-ment of Defense nuclear acquisition programs and the nuclear doctrine, after receiving testimony from James A. MacStravic, performing the duties of Under Secretary for Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics, Robert M. Soofer, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Nuclear and Missile Defense Policy, General Robin Rand, USAF, Commander, Air Force Global Strike Command, and Vice Admiral Terry J. Bene-dict, USN, Director, Strategic Systems Programs, all of the Department of Defense. NOMINATION Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. FAA REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on administration perspectives, after receiving testimony from Elaine L. Chao, Secretary of Transportation. NATIONAL PARK SERVICE WORKPLACE ENVIRONMENT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on National Parks concluded a hearing to examine working to improve the National Park Serv-ice workplace environment, after receiving testimony from Michael T. Reynolds, Acting Director, Na-tional Park Service, and Mary L. Kendall, Deputy Inspector General, both of the Department of the In-terior; and Maria Burks, Coalition to Protect Amer-ica’s National Parks, Wellfleet, Massachusetts. NOMINATIONS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D619 June 7, 2017 
Human Services, and David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Secretary, Andrew K. Maloney, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Coun-sel, all of the Department of the Treasury, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to Japan, Department of State. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Neomi Rao, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs, who was introduced by Senator Hatch, and Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, and Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, Department of Home-land Security, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Veterans Choice Program and the future of care in the community, after re-ceiving testimony from David J. Shulkin, Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and Jeff Steele, The American Legion, Adrian Atizado, Disabled American Vet-erans, Carlos Fuentes, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and Gabriel Stultz, Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, all of Washington, D.C. FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act, after receiving testimony from Daniel R. Coats, Director of National Intelligence; Michael Rogers, Director, National Security Agency; and Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General, and An-drew McCabe, Acting Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, both of the Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2795–2822; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 377, were introduced.
                                     Pages H4700–01 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4702–03 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 2353, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act of 2006, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–164).
                     Page H4700 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Johnson (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4651 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:57 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4657 
Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development—Reappointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Develop-ment: Representative Ben Ray Luja´n (NM).                                                                                             Page H4660 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Capuano announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                       Pages H4672–73 
Financial CHOICE Act of 2017—Rule for Con-sideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 375, pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to cre-ate hope and opportunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street ac-countable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less pros-perous, less stable, and less free, by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 291, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 290. 
                                                                Pages H4664–71, H4673–74 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD620 June 7, 2017 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Designating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Mar-shall Museum and Library: H. Con. Res. 33, desig-nating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Li-brary.
                                                                       Pages H4674–76 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting amend-ment number 1 to H.R. 2213 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H4677 
Question of Privilege: Representative Capuano rose to a question of the privileges of the House and sub-mitted a resolution. The Chair ruled that the resolu-tion did not present a question of the privileges of the House. Subsequently, Representative Capuano appealed the ruling of the chair and Representative McCaul moved to table the appeal. Agreed to the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the Chair by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 186 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 292. 
                                                                                    Pages H4684–86 
Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 2213, to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, by a recorded vote of 282 ayes to 137 noes, Roll No. 294. 
                                                                Pages H4676–84, H4687–88 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Homeland Security now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                      Page H4676 
Rejected: Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–162) that sought to pro-hibit the bill from going into effect until (1) the CBP completes its evaluation and pilot program of the Test for Espionage, Sabotage, and Corruption (TES–C) which is then certified by the DHS Inspec-tor General and reported to Congress and (2) the DHS Inspector General completes a risk assessment of the population that could receive waivers and cer-tifies to Congress that providing waivers to these in-dividuals would not endanger national security, un-dermine workforce integrity, or increase corruption in the agency (by a yea-and-nay vote of 179 yeas to 238 nays, Roll No. 293).
                 Pages H4683–84, H4687 
H. Res. 374, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 289, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 288.                                                                 Pages H4660–64, H4671–72 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4660. Senate Referral: S. 1094 was held at the desk. Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4671, H4672, H4673, H4674, H4686, H4687, and H4688. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:49 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE NEXT FARM BILL: THE FUTURE OF INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID AND AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: The Future of International Food Aid and Agricultural Develop-ment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of Labor. Testimony was heard from Alexander Acosta, Secretary, Department of Labor. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the National Science Foundation. Testimony was heard from France Cordova, Director, National Science Foundation. FISCAL YEAR 2018 PRIORITIES AND POSTURE OF MISSILE DEFEAT PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Priorities and Posture of Missile Defeat Pro-grams and Activities’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General James Dickinson, Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Inte-grated Missile Defense, U.S. Strategic Command, and Commander, U.S. Army Space and Missile De-fense Command/Army Strategic Forces Command; Todd Harvey, Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D621 June 7, 2017 
Defense; Barry Pike, Program Executive Officer, U.S. Army Missiles and Space; and Vice Admiral James Syring, U.S. Navy, Director, Missile Defense Agen-cy. COMBAT AVIATION MODERNIZATION PROGRAMS AND THE FISCAL YEAR 2018 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combat Aviation Modernization Programs and the Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition; Lieutenant General Jon M. Davis, Deputy Commandant for Aviation, Headquarters Marine Corps; Vice Admiral Paul Grosklags, Commander, Naval Air Systems Com-mand; Lieutenant General Jerry D. Harris, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements, Headquarters U.S. Air Force; and Rear Admiral Upper Half Dewolfe Miller III, Director, Air War-fare Division, U.S. Navy. THE ECONOMIC AND FISCAL BENEFITS OF PRO-GROWTH POLICIES Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Economic and Fiscal Benefits of Pro-Growth Policies’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 338, to promote a 21st cen-tury energy and manufacturing workforce; H.R. 627, the ‘‘Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2017’’; H.R. 723, the ‘‘Energy Savings Through Public-Private Partnerships Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1109, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 446, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 447, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 951, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 2122, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam; H.R. 2274, the ‘‘HYPE Act’’; H.R. 2292, to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam; H.R. 2457, the ‘‘J. Bennett Johnston Waterway Hydropower Extension Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1222, the ‘‘Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1492, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2410, the ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Re-search, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2430, the ‘‘FDA Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2017’’. H.R. 338, H.R. 627, H.R. 1109, H.R. 446, H.R. 447, H.R. 951, H.R. 2122, H.R. 2274, H.R. 2292, H.R. 1492, and H.R. 2410 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 2430, H.R. 723, H.R. 2457, H.R. 1222 were ordered re-ported, as amended. FLOOD INSURANCE REFORM: A TAXPAYER’S PERSPECTIVE Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Reform: A Tax-payer’s Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from Re-becca Kagan Sternhell, Deputy Director, General Counsel, Office of Federal Affairs, City of New York, Office of the Mayor; and public witnesses. ENERGY OPPORTUNITIES IN NORTH AMERICA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘En-ergy Opportunities in North America’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY REAUTHORIZATION AND THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2018 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity Reauthorization and the President’s FY 2018 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from John F. Kelly, Secretary, Department of Homeland Security. OVERSIGHT HEARING ON THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT’S ABANDONED MINE LANDS PROGRAM Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing on the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement’s Abandoned Mine Lands Program’’. Testimony was heard from Glenda Owens, Acting Director, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior; Todd Parfitt, Director, Wyoming Depart-ment of Environmental Quality; Rob Rice, Chief, West Virginia Office of Abandoned Mine Lands and Reclamation; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’; H.R. 1901, the ‘‘Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD622 June 7, 2017 
Transfer Act of 2017’’; and S. 249, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years cer-tain restricted land, and for other purposes. Testi-mony was heard from Bruce Loudermilk, Director, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. FAST AND FURIOUS, SIX YEARS LATER Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fast and Furi-ous, Six Years Later’’. Testimony was heard from Senator Grassley; John Dodson, Special Agent, Phoe-nix Field Division, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives; and public witnesses. BUILDING A 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE FOR AMERICA: COAST GUARD SEA, LAND, AND AIR CAPABILITIES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Cen-tury Infrastructure for America: Coast Guard Sea, Land, and Air Capabilities’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Charles W. Ray, Deputy Com-mandant for Operations, U.S. Coast Guard; Vice Ad-miral Sandra L. Stosz, Deputy Commandant for Mis-sion Support, U.S. Coast Guard; Marie A. Mak, Di-rector, Acquisition Sourcing and Management Team, Government Accountability Office; and a public wit-ness. OVERCOMING PTSD: ASSESSING VA’S EFFORTS TO PROMOTE WELLNESS AND HEALING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming PTSD: Assessing VA’s Efforts to Promote Wellness and Healing’’. Testi-mony was heard from Harold Kudler M.D., Acting Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Patient Care Services, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. MEDICARE ADVANTAGE HEARING ON PROMOTING INTEGRATED AND COORDINATED CARE FOR MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Advantage Hearing on Promoting Integrated and Coordinated Care for Medicare Beneficiaries’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Com-merce, 10 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine fostering economic growth, fo-cusing on the role of financial institutions in local com-munities, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Communications and Information, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine cost reductions in emerging energy tech-nologies with a specific focus on how recent trends may affect today’s energy landscape, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018, 9:45 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine ISIS’s global reach beyond Iraq and Syria, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and the nomina-tions of Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and Makan Delrahim, of California, Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, and Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Ala-bama, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice, David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine certain intelligence matters relating to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 10 a.m., SH–216. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 1 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: SNAP Technology and Modernization’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D623 June 7, 2017 Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of the Interior, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Improving Consumer’s Financial Options with FinTech’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Role of the Department of Health and Human Services in Health Care Cybersecu-rity’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance, hearing entitled ‘‘Virtual Cur-rency: Financial Innovation and National Security Impli-cations’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Attacking Hezbollah’s Financial Network: Pol-icy Options’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘How Can the United States Secret Service Evolve to Meet the Challenges Ahead?’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Library of Congress’ Information Technology Management’’, 10 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Department of Justice Grant Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘A Time to Reform: Oversight of the Activities of the Justice Department’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Resources Divi-sions and the U.S. Trustee Program’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 2083, the ‘‘Endan-gered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act’’; and legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of ap-propriate reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Bur-densome Litigation and Federal Bureaucratic Roadblocks to Manage our Nation’s Overgrown, Fire-Prone National Forests’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Budget for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017’’, 1:30 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infra-structure for America: Federal Aviation Administration Authorization’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘VA and Aca-demic Affiliates: Who’s Benefiting Now?’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Improving the Quality and Timeliness of GI Bill Processing for Student Veterans’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services’ Fis-cal Year 2018 Budget Request’’, 1 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine economic aspects of the opioid crisis, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD624 June 7, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, post-clo-ture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, June 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 10—Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E775, E782 Banks, Jim, Ind., E779 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E777 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E775 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E779 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E776, E777 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E783 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E781 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E778 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E777 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E775 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E781 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E776 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E780 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E780 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E775 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E782 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E778 Marino, Tom, Pa., E778 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E783 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E783 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E776, E777, E777, E778, E779, E780, E781, E782, E783, E784 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E777 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E775, E776 Rouzer, David, N.C., E778 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E777 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E782 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E779 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E776 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E781 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E777 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E781 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07JN7.REC D07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with DIGEST