Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6523 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 2017 No. 128 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, July 31, 2017, at 4 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JULY28, 2017 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER Pastor Scott Poling, Harvest New Be-ginnings Church, Oswego, Illinois, of-fered the following prayer: Lord, I pray for these who serve this Nation, for they ultimately serve You. There is no authority except from God, and these gathered here, whether they realize it or not, are Your ministers for the good of the people of the United States of America. I pray for the men and women in this room and those who will soon fill these seats. Help them to acknowledge You, come to faith in You, look to You, and live in the fear of God and not the fear of men. Embolden them to make good godly decisions that You deem right, based on the authority of Your holy in-spired word. I especially pray for the many Rep-resentatives who are Your true chil-dren by faith in Jesus Christ. Grant them Your favor and blessing and raise them up. Give them supernatural strength through the work that they do. Give them great wisdom for the de-cisions they make and the direction in which they lead this Nation. God, purify their motives, protect them from pride, help them bow, lest they break, and may they never forget Your promise: ‘‘He who honors Me, I will honor.’’ In Jesus’ name, the only name by which we have access to Heaven, I pray. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. D
ELBENE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR SCOTT POLING The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today pleased to welcome Pastor Scott Poling, who graciously delivered our opening prayer in the House this morn-ing. For more than 20 years, Pastor Scott has faithfully led the congregation at Harvest New Beginnings Church in Oswego, Illinois, where my family and I attend. His passion for evangelism and out-reach is contagious. Those touched by his ministry have seen firsthand his en-ergy and passion for people around the globe. When he is not running ultra-mara-thons or playing tennis, he spends time expanding the church’s international ministry, and has equipped African pastors with the leadership skills to carry God’s truth into their congrega-tions. Scott and his wife, Carla, are cele-brating 26 years of life-giving mar-riage, along with their five beautiful children. Pastor Scott, we praise God for how your ministry has affected so many, and our legislative work is blessed by your prayers over us today. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UCSHON ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 27, 2017, at 6:33 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3364. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.000 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6524 July 28, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF COLONEL SYLVANUS THAYER (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th anniver-sary of Colonel Sylvanus Thayer enter-ing West Point as the fifth super-intendent of the United States Military Academy. Colonel Thayer served 16 years as su-perintendent and is remembered as the ‘‘Father of the Military Academy.’’ He is responsible for innovations that evolved the Academy into the world’s premier leader development institu-tion. His character-based leadership education system set new standards that are still expected of all cadets today. The current superintendent is Gen-eral Bob Caslen, who carries on Colonel Thayer’s traditions and instills the ideals of duty, honor, and country in our future leaders. To that end, the West Point Class of 2017 just graduated, and I congratulate the 936 commissioned 2nd lieutenants of the United States Army as they take their place in the long gray line. The class of 2017 has just begun with 1,230 members beginning their West Point experience. I thank Colonel Thayer and those who follow him for exhibiting courage and developing leaders of character in the defense of our country. With that, I say: Beat Navy. 
f 
REINTRODUCING THE SMART ENFORCEMENT ACT (Ms. D
ELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, 26 States and the District of Columbia have le-galized some form of marijuana, in-cluding my home State of Washington. Yet marijuana possession or use for any purpose is still prohibited under Federal law, leaving my constituents, including cancer patients, at risk of prosecution. That is why today I am reintroducing the State Marijuana and Regulatory Tolerance Enforcement Act, the SMART Enforcement Act. My bill will fix the conflict between State and Fed-eral law by giving States a waiver from the Controlled Substances Act. It also resolves the banking issues currently forcing dispensaries to oper-ate in an unsafe all-cash basis. These waivers will ensure people in States that have different laws from the Federal Government on marijuana are protected from prosecution, pro-vided they meet certain requirements, because people in these States should not live in fear of unpredictable ac-tions from the Attorney General and the Department of Justice on this issue. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LARRY JEFF ELEY, SR. (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Larry Jeff Eley, Sr., a friend and strong advo-cate for farmers, growers, and land-owners in my home district. He passed away suddenly at the age of 71 on July 17. He was well known in Greene County, Georgia, as a gentle giant and will be remembered for his love for his family and his tireless efforts as president of the Greene County Farm Bureau and his steadfast leadership in the Georgia Association of Conservation Districts. Farming was Larry’s life. He was a guiding force in the community, who actively worked with State and local leaders to foster and promote a better understanding of agriculture. He was a leading voice for Georgia’s farmers. Larry’s legacy will better ensure that our children and grandchildren will ex-perience the same opportunities to enjoy the natural resources of Geor-gia’s 10th Congressional District just as our parents and grandparents. Mr. Eley is survived by his wife of nearly 50 years, Nancy, and their four children and their grandchildren. Dee Dee and I both extend our thoughts and prayers to the family during this time of bereavement. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have known Larry and to witness his passion firsthand. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing his unyielding com-mitment to the State of Georgia and our agriculture community. 
f 
GIVING SMALL BUSINESS A BETTER DEAL (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, Don-ald Trump has now been President for 188 days, and despite the promises, his Republican-controlled Congress has not passed a single meaningful piece of job creation legislation. Last night, we watched as Repub-licans failed in their latest effort to take healthcare from the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is time, at last, to move on. The American people are looking for real proposals to create jobs, increase wages, and strengthen our economy. They are looking for—and they de-serve—a better deal. As the ranking member of the Small Business Committee, almost every day I hear from entrepreneurs and small businesses who create jobs in our com-munities, and under Democratic plans, we will give them tools to further suc-ceed. We will offer small firms tax incen-tives to bring on and train new employ-ees. We will invest in apprenticeship programs to help meet small busi-nesses’ workforce needs. We will ex-pand internet access to fuel the next generation of innovation and e-com-merce. I ask my Republican colleagues, at long last, give up on this obsession with attacking America’s healthcare. Instead, let us move forward with giv-ing America’s workers and small busi-nesses a better deal. f 
AUTHORIZING THE E-VERIFY SYSTEM (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of permanently au-thorizing the E-Verify system and re-quiring U.S. employers to use the sys-tem to ensure their employees are eli-gible to be working in the United States. I am proud to be a partner with United States Senator G
RASSLEY of Iowa in offering legislation to do so, entitled ‘‘The Accountability Through Electronic Verification Act.’’ E-Verify is a proven system for mak-ing sure job opportunities are for American workers. E-Verify is a deter-rent against illegal immigration. Ex-panding it to new workplaces will make sure legal American workers are not shut out of employment. There are 700,000 American busi-nesses that successfully use the E- Verify system. There is no cost for the employer or employee to use E-Verify, and our legislation will make sure that there are no costs passed onto busi-nesses, their employees, or to cus-tomers. We should be considering practical solutions that remove incentives for il-legal migration into the United States. We need E-Verify up and running, and we need all employers to participate to make it effective. I urge cosponsorship and collabora-tions from both sides of the aisle to im-plement this effective policy. 
f 
CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF MELVIN HERBERT EVANS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I speak on behalf of the centennial anniversary of the birth of the Honorable Melvin Herbert Evans. This celebration of Governor Evans’ 100th birthday is both timely and sym-bolic. Evans was born in 1917, months 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.002 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6525 July 28, 2017 
after the transfer of the Virgin Islands from Denmark to the United States, when locals had no citizen rights and no mechanism for which they could have their own elected representation. A son of the soil, he was educated on St. Croix, valedictorian of his high school class on St. Thomas, and in 1944 earned his medical degree from Howard College of Medicine. He returned to St. Croix and was eventually Commis-sioner of Health of the Virgin Islands. In 1969, Evans was appointed Gov-ernor of the Virgin Islands by Presi-dent Richard Nixon, earning him the distinction of being the territory’s last appointed governor, but more impor-tantly, the territory’s first Black na-tive governor. In 1971, he became the governor elect-ed by the people of the Virgin Islands after a 1970 law which allowed residents to elect their governor. In 1978, he was elected to the House of Representatives in the 96th Con-gress. And after leaving Congress, he was an Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago. Governor Evans personifies the evo-lution of the political maturity of the Virgin Islands. His life and legacy sym-bolized not only the extraordinary achievement of Virgin Islanders—given little but striving and attaining much under the American flag—but also the political growth and progress of our Is-lands from colonial rule to self-govern-ance. 
f 
PRAISING PRO–ACT (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise the work of the Council of Southeast Pennsylvania. The council provides resources and op-portunities to reduce the impact of ad-diction, trauma, and other health-re-lated issues for the five counties in southeastern Pennsylvania through intervention, education, and mobiliza-tion. Established in 1997 by the council, PRO–ACT works to provided advocacy and residence for those suffering from the terrible disease of addiction. Through workshops and peer advocacy meetings for afflicted individuals and families, addiction victims can get back on their feet and learn necessary skills for both recovery and entering the workforce. I am proud to work with my con-stituent, Executive Director Beverly Haberle, and her administrative team, Cindy Mikalauskas and Stacey Con-away. Mr. Speaker, I want to share the words of a man named Jim, who stated that, through PRO–ACT, ‘‘A fire was lit inside of me, my spirit rekindled by hope.’’ Recovery from addiction is difficult, and it is up to remarkable associations like the council to serve the south-eastern Pennsylvania community and make sure that these people can suc-cessfully beat this devastating disease. f 
b0915 HONORING FOOTBALL PIONEER TOM FLORES (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce a resolution for Tom Flo-res urging he be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Tom Flores had an outstanding and successful career, both as a quarter-back and as a head coach. This resolu-tion pays tribute to his inspiring ath-letic talents. Flores became the first Hispanic starting quarterback in professional football history and played on two Super Bowl-winning teams. Also, he was the first Hispanic head coach to win two Super Bowls, a feat he accom-plished on two separate teams, and he became the first Hispanic manager in the National Football League. He left with an impressive lifetime record and an 8–3 playoff record. Tom has been a trailblazer for His-panics in the NFL and has motivated a generation of new players by showing they can compete and win. Let’s enter this trailblazer into the Hall of Fame. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD REMAIN IN WASHINGTON UNTIL A HEALTHCARE BILL IS PASSED (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call upon the House leadership to not adjourn until we have a healthcare bill. Respective committees need to meet and walk a new product through reg-ular order. We know what will and will not work, given the voting preroga-tives of the Members of this body and the Senate. We understand the needs of our con-stituents, regardless of their voter reg-istration. We understand it is our job to navi-gate the complexities of this issue on behalf of the American people and come up with a product that makes good on promises that have been made to improve our healthcare system. This will take Republicans and Democrats. Later this morning, I will be proud to once again gather with my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats alike, who are members of the Problem Solvers Caucus, part of no labels, to continue our work seeking a bipartisan solution to what has become, unfortunately, a partisan issue. I stand ready to make good on these promises and suggest that we remain in Washington until that work is com-plete. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 114, DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS BONUS TRANS-PARENCY ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 480 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 480 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port regarding performance awards and bo-nuses awarded to certain high-level employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopt-ed. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H. Res. 480, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of S. 114, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Bonus Transparency Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate, equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recom-mit. Mr. Speaker, we can all agree that our Nation’s veterans are heroes. They deserve our support, gratitude, and rec-ognition, and they deserve to have the promises we as a nation have made to them fulfilled. Unfortunately, far too often, we fall short of keeping those promises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.004 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6526 July 28, 2017 
Everyone remembers the scandals that shook the Department of Veterans Affairs a few years ago, highlighting critical problems around the country and the need for greater account-ability. In the wake of these crises of mismanagement and wrongdoing, Con-gress created the Veterans Choice Pro-gram in 2014 to provide veterans with better options to seek out timely, ap-propriate care from providers in their communities rather than wade through the outrageous lines, excessive wait times, and subpar medical care at Vet-erans Health Administration facilities. The Choice Program isn’t perfect, and my colleagues and I are working to fix that, but it has been a meaningful start and a path to quicker, more con-venient care for our Nation’s veterans. Without congressional action today, we risk leaving our heroes without Choice. That is not a risk I am willing to take. VA Secretary Shulkin has estimated that more than 1 million veterans in the VA system use some Choice care, and that number is expected to in-crease this year. In fact, today, more than 30 percent of the VA appoint-ments are made with private sector providers that have the capacity to re-lieve some of the burden on our serv-icemembers and the VA clinics. This year alone, more than 18 million ap-pointments with private doctors have been authorized by the Department of Veterans Affairs. If we fail to take action, these vet-erans will lose their ability to receive prompt care from Choice providers. We would be flooding the VA medical fa-cilities with more patients, even as we know that many facilities are still overburdened and, in some cases, underperforming. Let me be clear: This is not a dooms-day prediction. This is not a Henny Penny moment or Hail Mary effort to pass an obscure bill. If Congress refuses to act today, the Choice Program will expire on August 15. Chairman R
OEhas worked diligently to ensure that this does not happen. In the Senate, my friend and fellow Geor-gian, Senator J
OHNNY ISAKSON , serves as chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He, too, has worked tire-lessly to ensure our veterans continue to receive care by safeguarding the via-bility of the Choice Program. I have to say, the two chairmen, Chairman R
OEand Chairman I SAKSON , the body is really at a favor having those two men working, and the rank-ing members working alongside of them, in this process. So we are con-tinuing to look forward to this bill passing, and many more things to come. When we understand this, Mr. Speak-er, I firmly believe that Chairman R
OE and Chairman I
SAKSON , along with their respective ranking member coun-terparts, Mr. W
ALZand Mr. T ESTER , are committed to making the existing sys-tem work better for veterans. I also know that the Choice Program needs reform. However, we can’t im-prove a program that doesn’t exist. We must first protect what is good in hopes of making it better. Today’s underlying bill provides ad-ditional funds to extend the Choice Program for 6 months and provide a critical $2.1 billion infusion of funds while we move forward with thought-ful, sustainable reforms. I have proposed ideas to make those reforms, including the Expanding Ac-cess to Choice Act, which prevents bu-reaucracy at the VA from derailing a functioning Choice program. I authored that bill as a direct response to con-cerns that were raised by my constitu-ents in northeast Georgia. I am sure that many Members here today have similar experiences and have heard similar stories from their neighbors, and I am confident many Members want to fix this program. By supporting the rule and the underlying bill today, we are taking a step to-wards making that happen. Secretary Shulkin told the Veterans’ Affairs Committee that, without addi-tional funding, veterans would wait longer to receive the healthcare that they deserve. That statement should elicit one thing from this body, Mr. Speaker, and that is action. Yet there are those who would rather we shuffle down the road of inaction than stand for our veterans today, Mr. Speaker. There are some who claim Choice represents a move towards pri-vatization and who have opposed the Choice Program from the beginning. Let me set the record straight: We are not talking about privatizing the VA today. We are talking about sus-taining a program that currently serves hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of veterans across the coun-try. This bill is not about privatiza-tion. It is about breathing 6 months’ more life into a program that enables veterans to access care more effi-ciently and effectively. This is not the time for partisan ma-neuvers. Our veterans—their very lives—are on the line, and we owe it to them to vote to move forward so that they receive the care we have promised them. Mr. Speaker, I am currently in the Air Force Reserve, and I have com-pleted a tour earlier in Iraq. I have wit-nessed our Armed Forces’ display of heroism, and I believe their actions de-serve recognition. This bill doesn’t repay the debt or gratitude we owe our veterans, but it brings us closer to ful-filling our promises by meeting their needs. The underlying bill authorizes mul-tiple major medical facility leases, in-cluding a lease for a facility in Pike County, Georgia. In addition, S. 114 en-hances the recruitment, retention, and training of the VA workforce through a number of measures, including encour-aging servicemembers with health-re-lated occupational specialties to seek employment at the Veterans Health Administration and expanding hiring authority in the case of severe short-ages of qualified healthcare personnel candidates. Mr. Speaker, preserving the Choice Program and the access to community care options that it provides is critical. I agree that we can make this program better, but we have to provide a path to do that. Already, I have heard from veterans in my district who say clinics are rais-ing concerns about the availability of funds for Choice. We must address this issue today, and we must uphold our promises to America’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. For me, this morning, July 28, could be the beginning of a new spirit in the House of Representatives because of what happened last night in the Sen-ate. Since we are talking about healthcare for veterans, I want to just take a moment to talk about healthcare for all Americans. Last night, we saw a remarkable thing happen. We have had a poisonous atmosphere around healthcare in the United States for the past 7 years. We are the last industrial country on the planet to provide healthcare for the people who count on us for that kind of help and support. We can now give that up. I hope we can take the majority lead-er at his word that he sees no further use in trying to beat this bill to death and that we can work together to im-prove it and get on to other things which we are so in need of. But I do want to say that I appre-ciate very much the votes last night. I think Senator MCCAIN showed, once again, that he is America’s hero. And Senators M
URKOWSKI and C OLLINS cer-tainly are heroines of mine and I think let us know that women in positions of power can be counted on. So, yesterday, in the Rules Com-mittee, the majority passed a martial law rule granting themselves fast- track authority so they could get any-thing through, which I think scared even the Senate. I read some news reports claiming this was a major victory. It was not a victory for either side fighting vi-ciously over how we want healthcare to be given to our citizens, but it was cer-tainly a victory for the American peo-ple, hundreds of whom stood last night here on the Capitol Grounds outside of the Senate begging to be able to con-tinue their healthcare. Imagine somebody with cancer, going through all of the pain and agony they have to go through, and wondering every day what in the world we are going to do here. Are they going to be left without healthcare, left without care that they can afford? So I think, without a doubt, this is a good morning for all of us who are in the Congress of the United States to get together and to do better work. And I know of no agency, frankly, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.006 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6527 July 28, 2017 
needs more attention than the Vet-erans Administration. My personal experience with them has been somewhat like Whack-a-Mole: we think we have something settled and then suddenly we don’t. We have to be advocates for every veteran in our district, directly to the VA, personally, oftentimes simply to get the most sim-ple kind of treatment done for our vet-erans. It is my wholehearted wish, and has been for some time, that we will get the Veterans Administration out of the building business, where they are abys-mal failures, and let them concentrate on healthcare for veterans, which is their number one issue. I am very pleased—and let me echo what my colleague, Mr. C
OLLINS , said— with leadership both in the House and the Senate running the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committees now. Dr. R
OEhas been an exemplary friend to all of us and understands exactly what we are doing. So I think this is important, as Mr. C
OLLINS has pointed out. Veterans Choice has not been very popular in my district. It is so complicated and so complex that it takes a lot of hand- holding even to use it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I am here to support House Resolution 480 that allows for consideration of the Veterans Choice Act. For a while there, I was confused. I wasn’t sure what we were talking about there. I thought we were here talking about the Veterans Choice Act. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support the Veterans Choice Act. Our veterans selflessly answer the call to protect our families, our communities, and all that we hold dear. We can never repay our veterans for that sacrifice. But our country, this government, made our veterans a promise to care for them. Mr. Speaker, if we do not act today, we will breach that promise by denying healthcare benefits to those veterans who access it through the Choice Pro-gram. This bill will provide $2 billion for the Choice Program. Without this step, the Choice fund will be depleted by mid-August. VA Secretary Shulkin has made it clear that community pro-grams are unable to care for veterans who need them if the Choice Program is eliminated. Sometimes it astonishes me how it is that we wait until the last minute here to address problems like this. Millions of America’s veterans rely on the Choice Program. That is mil-lions of promises we break if we fail to pass this legislation today. We cannot allow these funds to run out and leave our veterans without access to care. Contrary to critics, today’s debate is not about whether to privatize the VA. Secretary Shulkin has openly said nu-merous times that he has no plans to privatize the Veterans Administration. Beyond that, today’s debate is about people. It is about veterans who al-ready use the Choice Program who would lose access to care if we do not pass this legislation. It is about allow-ing veterans choice. b0930 Let’s not play politics with our vet-erans. Over the course of the week, the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act has been improved with amend-ments. It would improve the hiring at the VA by enhancing recruitment, re-tention, and training of the VA work-force, but to those who continue to have concerns about veterans’ choice, I ask we not let perfect be the enemy of good. I have learned in life nothing is ever perfect. Lord knows I have learned that in business. I have certainly found that to be true about legislation during my short time here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, the clock is ticking. We must not allow it to run out and de-fault on the promises we made to vet-erans. We need to act today. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no other speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support the underlying bill we will be voting on today. I wish I were able to say that more often. The bill will fund the Department of Veterans Affairs Choice Program for 6 months and authorize a number of leases for major medical facilities throughout the country, and I echo its major importance. The next rule we will be considering contains martial law authority that will allow the majority to bring up any bill they want with hardly any notice at all, and I hope we will not use that. It has been a long week. Let’s end it on a bipartisan note with a strong vote in support of this bill before us to help veterans across America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just again reiterate the point of the discussion that this is something we need to take up today. This is not about the peripheral discussions going on concerning Choice, privatization, and other things that have derailed this discussion. I want to see this move forward so we can continue to have via-ble discussions on Choice, but I would also be remiss, Mr. Speaker, if I did not at least address the discussion. The gentlewoman from New York, who I have the greatest respect for, has her opinion; I have mine as well. I do not believe what happened last night in the Senate was, in her words, heroic. I believe it was basically a fail-ure. It was a failure of process. What happened last night was not anything except the stopping of a process that could have included Democrats and Re-publicans in a conference committee, and it was chosen not to move forward. That is the reason we come to this place, is to move forward. I think when we look at this, the dis-aster that is ObamaCare, and the rea-sons that we are now keeping it, and that the healthcare measure has failed, it brings the question to my mind, for the ones who have been helped, and I have never, from this podium or any-where else, denied that there were many with preexisting conditions and other issues who found help, but, if we remember the promise, the promise was to cover all uninsured. It came no-where close. The promise was, you can keep your doctor if you liked him, you can keep your plan if you liked it. The promise was that your premiums would go down, and the premiums have gone up. So for all the supporters, then come to maybe my district or other districts and address those people who have lost their insurance, address those people whose premiums have gone up, address the people like the young lady in Chi-cago who did get on the ObamaCare ex-changes, had a premium that was sub-sidized, but when she realized that she couldn’t afford the deductible, she said: I might as well have not had it. It is one thing to discuss this in grand terms, it is another to see the re-sult in our system. To talk about the nominal positives against the crushing negatives is not a victory. So I think we move forward. Today, we have a chance to move forward on Choice, today we have a chance to move forward and look ahead, but I at least say, from this Member’s perspec-tive, I don’t forget. I understand what I have heard for 7 years. It has been said many times that the current bill is actually gaining in popu-larity. Well, I just simply point you to the only polls that have really mattered over the last 7 years, and those are elections, and every time there was an election and this issue was up, ObamaCare lost. I am not sure how you can continue to support, with any kind of a straight face, that kind of abject failure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.007 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6528 July 28, 2017 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3180, INTELLIGENCE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018; WAIVING A REQUIRE-MENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSID-ERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLU-TIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 31, 2017, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 4, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 481 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 481 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now print-ed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. The requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of August 1, 2017. S
EC. 3. On any legislative day during the period from July 31, 2017, through September 4, 2017— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 4. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 5. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 6. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. S
EC. 7. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for purposes of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 481, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3180, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing we do in this body that is more important than actions we take for the defense of our Nation. We now face a more com-plex array of threats than we have at any time since the end of World War II. North Korea continues to test bal-listic missiles, has successfully tested an ICBM, and is continuing to move rapidly towards achieving the capa-bility to strike U.S. soil. A resurgent Russia is imposing its will across Europe, occupies Crimea, and is now using its military to sup-port the Assad regime in Syria. China is increasingly belligerent, continues to expand the size of its mili-tary and create bases on artificial is-lands in the South China Sea. And Iran, Mr. Speaker, continues to work on its ballistic missile program and expand its influence as it supports terror across the Mediterranean and the larger Middle East. Terrorist groups like al-Qaida and ISIS continue to carry out attacks across the West and threaten the United States. We have seen a dramatic increase in tensions on the Temple Mount, Mr. Speaker, in just the last few weeks, and we have men and women in uni-form deployed around the globe fight-ing to defend our Nation. Our intelligence community plays a crucial role in ensuring our decision- makers and our warfighters have the information they need to keep our Na-tion secure. H.R. 3180 provides the intelligence community with the authorization it needs to continue working to protect and defend the United States, supports critical national security programs, such as those protecting Americans against terrorism, cyber attacks, and hostile foreign nations. The bill main-tains critical congressional oversight of the activities of the intelligence community, and the bill makes no changes to any surveillance authori-ties, including those set to expire, which we will take up later this year in legislation separate from this bill. Mr. Speaker, as you know, earlier this week, H.R. 3180 was considered under suspension of the rules, which is not at all uncommon for bills, like this one, that receive unanimous bipartisan support in committee. While the bill received well over 50 percent of the votes of the House, it did not achieve the required two-thirds majority to pass under suspension, which is why we are here today debat-ing this rule. A large portion of this bill, Mr. Speaker, is understandably, as it should be, classified, which requires Members of this body to review the bill in the SCIF. I want to personally thank members of the Intelligence Committee and their staff for facilitating that process and making it so easy for Members of this House to undertake. A bipartisan notice was sent out, provided to Mem-bers, informing us of the availability of the text for review. And the text, Mr. Speaker, was available for 10 days, twice as long as last year’s bill. My staff simply had to call and in-form the committee that I would like to review the bill, and the committee asked when I would be available, and they made sure that a member of the committee staff was also there to an-swer any questions I had. The process itself was seamless, was very easy, and was facilitated by the members of the Intelligence Com-mittee staff. Mr. Speaker, this is a good and im-portant bill. It supports the men and women in our intelligence community and the work they do to keep us safe. This is not an issue we should politi-cize or subject to partisan debate. The intelligence community plays a critical role in the defense of our Na-tion, and we need to support them, Mr. Speaker, by supporting this bill. There-fore, I urge support for the rule to allow consideration of H.R. 3180. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes for debate, and I rise to debate the rule for H.R. 3180, the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I was somewhat dismayed earlier this week when my friends across the aisle attempted to jam today’s bill through this body by jettisoning regular order and bringing the bill up under suspen-sion. Luckily, we can add this shortsighted attempt at governing to their long list of legislative failures. And although I may be pleased that their suspension shenanigans failed, my frustration was born anew when we were informed that the bill would come to the floor under yet another closed rule. This is all bad enough, and I will come back to it in a moment, but first we need to discuss the blanket martial law provision that my friends on the other side put into this rule. This move, especially when consid-ered in the context of those mentioned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.010 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6529 July 28, 2017 
above, truly elevated poor governing to an art form. b0945 I want the American people, Repub-lican and Democrat and Independents alike, to be crystal clear on what is happening here today. By putting a blanket martial law provision into this rule, my friends across the aisle were trying to make it as easy as possible for them to pass a healthcare bill that they had never seen. The bill would have surely ripped healthcare away from millions of Americans and unceremoniously upended one-sixth of our economy. Thankfully, Senators C
OLLINS , MUR-
KOWSKI , and M CCAIN, and tens of thou-sands of regular Americans-turned-ac-tivists ensured that this effort failed. Since day one, the approach of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on healthcare or, for that matter, any number of other important issues has been horrendous. It has been rushed; it has been secretive; it has been chaotic; and it has been inspired by the desire for a cheap win rather than the desire to make our healthcare system strong-er and more widely available to all Americans. Truly, whether it is healthcare, vet-erans, or the authorization of funding for something as important as our in-telligence community, the approach leaves some of us bewildered, dis-mayed, and gravely concerned for the well-being of our country. Indeed, when discussing something as important as the authorization for funding for the intelligence commu-nity, we ought to proceed in a manner that allows all Members of this body the opportunity to weigh in with their concerns. This closed process does a disservice not only to those of us who do not sit on the committee of jurisdic-tion, but also the intelligence commu-nity and the American people. As an example, when I did sit on this committee, I was vice chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and I worked diligently to ensure that minorities were given equal opportunity to break into the upper ranks of the intelligence commu-nity. Since leaving that committee, I have continued this important work and in-troduced an amendment to a previous iteration of the underlying bill that called for the Director of National In-telligence to put forth a plan that would encourage diversity hires throughout the intelligence commu-nity. Frustratingly, I am stripped of such an opportunity today because of the Republican leadership’s unyielding devotion to perpetuating a closed proc-ess. Additionally, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), my friend, has also offered amendments to the un-derlying bill in the past that call for an increase in the recruitment and train-ing of minorities as officers and em-ployees of the Central Intelligence Agency. She, like the majority of our colleagues, will not be afforded a simi-lar opportunity this time around. This is troublesome because diversity is a mission imperative for the intel-ligence community. Not only do we need to see minorities have more op-portunities to climb the ranks, but we also need to recruit Americans who will be able to blend in, speak foreign languages, and understand the cultures in countries that are now central to our foreign policy interests. At the end of the day, such diversity is achieved through the hiring process, and, therefore, we need to ensure that we are hiring Arab Americans, Iranian Americans, Pakistani Americans, Chi-nese Americans, Korean Americans, women, gays, and many other Ameri-cans from diverse backgrounds as we confront a myriad of threats and work harder to better understand our adver-saries, wherever they may lurk. We do not seek this diversity in the name of political correctness but, rather, in the name of national security. As I have said before, if the intelligence commu-nity is to succeed in its global mission, it must have a global face. I have no doubt that scores of Mem-bers would like to have offered amend-ments addressing the issues I have just mentioned as well as many other issues that are of particular concern to them and their constituents. Unfortunately, under this rule, they will not be af-forded such an opportunity today. Those who work in the intelligence community serve our country faith-fully and bravely, knowing that they will never receive the public recogni-tion they so richly deserve. In fact, they have served and continue to serve knowing that not only will they not re-ceive well-earned accolades, but that they will, upon occasion, have to en-dure unfounded and offensive state-ments from this administration. These statements began before the current administration even moved in down Pennsylvania Avenue. I quote the following from the admin-istration’s, President’s, Twitter ac-count: ‘‘Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ‘leak’ into the public. One last shot at me. Are we living in Nazi Germany?’’ I find that shameful and absolutely unfounded in making such a statement. Comparing these brave and patriotic Americans to Nazis? You really have to be kidding me. As a former member of HPSCI, I will not sit idly by while anyone maligns the honorable work these proud Ameri-cans do day in and day out to protect our country. But it seems that, with this closed process and their continued support of President Donald John Trump, even as he slowly erodes the foundation of our democracy one tweet at a time, is exactly what my friends and the Republican Congress are doing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My colleague from Florida, with whom I have had the privilege of spend-ing many hours in the Rules Com-mittee debating this and a range of other issues, raised a number of points I think that are important to clarify. First of all on the issue of minority recruitment, last night, in the Rules Committee, in open session, Chairman NUNES was asked about this, and he testified very clearly and directly that diversity is very important, that it is mission-critical for the reasons that my colleague from Florida stated. I can report that there are several provisions in the classified annex—I won’t go into the details about them— with which my colleague may or may not be familiar that support the whole notion of Centers of Academic Excel-lence, which are particularly focused on recruiting young people, recruiting minorities and young people across the board for service in the intelligence community. We tend, in these rule discussions, Mr. Speaker, to have a lot of argu-ments and criticism of procedure. The Democrats this morning seem to be particularly concerned about our same- day authority. But I would just note, Mr. Speaker, I am certainly confident that my constituents who are watching this—and, I would say, probably most Americans watching—would under-stand the importance of the House of Representatives getting its work done in a timely manner. And certainly, when it comes to healthcare, the argu-ments and the criticism from the other side of the aisle lose a little bit of their credibility when they simultaneously attack the Republicans for moving too slowly and then also for moving too quickly. What I can tell you is we are debat-ing hugely important issues and hugely important topics. We are absolutely committed to repealing and replacing ObamaCare. It is a system that is col-lapsing. It is a system that has dev-astated the lives of people across this country. It is a system that has driven premiums and deductibles through the roof. It has absolutely limited people’s choice in terms of insurance plans, in terms of healthcare providers. It is a system that is failing. We have seen the Democrats’ funda-mental approach was a government mandate and their attempt to force people across this Nation to buy health insurance. They thought that, through a government mandate, they would be able to force young people into these insurance pools and, therefore, drive the cost down. That is not what hap-pened. It didn’t work. We know we have got to put in place a system that will be able to provide people the kind of care that they need, access, as well as lowering the cost and increasing availability. So there are a whole range of very important sub-stantive efforts going on. I think that it is clear that the folks on the other side of the aisle don’t sup-port the direction we are going in, may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.011 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6530 July 28, 2017 
not support the policy, but the people across this Nation—certainly, in my home State of Wyoming—spoke very clearly last November that they want-ed a change, that they wanted to see the government reduce its role in their lives, and that they wanted to see us begin the process of building our mili-tary, rebuilding what has been lost over the course of the last 8 years, as well as rebuilding the facilities and the capabilities of our intelligence commu-nity, and that is exactly what this bill does. That is exactly what we are here doing this morning. Mr. Speaker, I think that is why it is so important that my colleagues sup-port this rule, that we provide the au-thority that the intelligence commu-nity needs through this bill to continue to do its important work to keep us safe. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The brazen and reckless manner in which this bill was first brought to the floor is evidence that my friends across the aisle have still not figured out how to govern. The learning curve may be steep, but it is not that steep. Quite simply, my friends, it is time for you to start governing responsibly, not with closed rules and martial law, without hearings, and without CBO scores, but through regular order, with an opportunity for all Members and, through them, their constituents to take part in legislating. The White House may be in chaos, but that is no reason for the House to legislate in a similar manner. For the good of the country, we must return to regular order. We must work to ensure that those serving in the in-telligence community are able to do their best work, to do it as safely as possible, and to do it knowing that they will receive the respect they de-serve from all branches of their govern-ment. I worry that they, increasingly, do not receive this respect, and that this disrespect, should it continue, will make it more difficult for us to retain and recruit the talent we so des-perately need to protect our national security. Of course, the intelligence commu-nity is only one part of our national se-curity apparatus. The men and women in our military are an equally impor-tant part of maintaining our national security. And, unfortunately, we learned just yesterday that these brave servicemembers are not immune from baseless attacks from the administra-tion. It was announced, on the 69th anni-versary of President Truman’s issuing an executive order that desegregated the Armed Forces, that transgender servicemembers would no longer be able to serve in the military. Were these individuals, numbering between 10,000 and 15,000, banned because they are not brave, because they are not pa-triotic, because they are incapable of meeting the rigorous requirements of being in the military? No, they have been banned because bigotry defeated decency yesterday, and they have been banned because of who they are. As I mentioned the other evening, I had three uncles who were in the Army. They served proudly. They served bravely. They served in a seg-regated Army. Two of them received purple hearts. b1000 It was a great offense that they had to serve in a segregated Army in which they were made to feel that somehow their bravery, their patriotism, and their devotion to their brothers in arms was somehow less because of the color of their skin. President Truman knew this was wrong, and he ended it. Simply put, President Truman knew then what our current President is incapable of un-derstanding today: the strength of our military is not found in the race or the religion or the creed or the sex or the gender identity of its servicemembers, but rather in the bravery and honor ex-hibited by these individuals on a daily basis. They, like all of us here today, are proud citizens of this country. They, like all of us here today, are God’s children. I thank them for their service to our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 481 and the underlying bill, H.R. 3180, en-sure the men and women of our intel-ligence community have the tools and the resources they need to continue the vital role they play in helping us ad-dress the threats facing our Nation. I do want to point out, Mr. Speaker, my colleague is accusing the Repub-licans of being brazen and reckless be-cause of our same-day rulemaking au-thority. I would only note that in the 111th Congress, when they were in the majority, they enacted this process 26 times; in the 110th Congress, 17 times. It is an important ability for us to have when we know we might need to move quickly on something. As a mem-ber of the Rules Committee, I am com-mitted to ensuring we do everything possible to make sure that we are able to bring bills to this floor that carry out the kind of changes and improve-ments that the people of this Nation sent us all here to undertake. I was really disappointed, Mr. Speak-er, earlier this week when this bill was defeated under suspension of the rules. There are many things that are par-tisan issues in this body, and it is too bad when the minority uses the Intel-ligence Authorization bill as part of a political stunt to make what should be a bipartisan process and a bipartisan committee appear partisan. The bill, H.R. 3108, received unani-mous support in committee, and I cer-tainly hope today, Mr. Speaker, that the minority members of that com-mittee, and frankly all on the minority side who understand the importance of the intelligence community in keeping our Nation safe, will put aside the par-tisanship, will put aside the games that the American people are so tired of, and will join me in supporting a good, effective, and important bill, that, frankly, the minority members in the Intelligence Committee worked very hard to help craft. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of both the rule and H.R. 3180. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 186, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 436] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.013 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6531 July 28, 2017 
Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Bass Clay Collins (NY) Conyers Costello (PA) Cummings Donovan Engel Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hollingsworth Hunter King (NY) Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Scalise Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Young (AK) Zeldin 
b1027 Messrs. SUOZZI and HOYER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. FERGUSON changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1030 PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY Mr. HENSARLING, from the Com-mittee on Financial Services, sub-mitted an adverse privileged report (Rept. No. 115–265) on the resolution (H. Res. 442) of inquiry directing the Sec-retary of the Treasury to provide cer-tain documents in the Secretary’s pos-session to the House of Representatives relating to President Trump’s financial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related informa-tion, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of TENNESSEE. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD on S. 114, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 480, I call up the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sub-mit an annual report regarding per-formance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 480, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute printed in House Report 115–262, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—APPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS FOR VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM Sec. 101. Appropriation of amounts for Vet-erans Choice Program. TITLE II—PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 201. Modification to annual determina-tion of staffing shortages in Veterans Health Administra-tion. Sec. 202. Establishment of Department of Veterans Affairs Executive Management Fellowship Pro-gram. Sec. 203. Accountability of leaders for man-aging the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 204. Reemployment of former employ-ees at Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 205. Promotional opportunities for technical experts at Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 206. Employment of students and recent graduates by Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 207. Encouragement of transition of military medical professionals into employment with Veterans Health Administration. Sec. 208. Recruiting database at Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 209. Training for human resources pro-fessionals of Veterans Health Administration on recruitment and retention. Sec. 210. Plan to hire directors of medical centers of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 211. Exit surveys at Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 212. Requirement that physician assist-ants employed by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs re-ceive competitive pay. Sec. 213. Expansion of direct-hiring author-ity for Department of Veterans Affairs in case of shortage of highly qualified candidates. Sec. 214. Comptroller General of the United States assessment of succession planning at Department of Vet-erans Affairs. TITLE III—MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASES Sec. 301. Authorization of certain major medical facility leases of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Sec. 302. Authorization of appropriations for medical facility leases. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 401. Extension of reduction in amount of pension furnished by Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for certain veterans covered by medicaid plans for services fur-nished by nursing facilities. Sec. 402. Extension of requirement for col-lection of fees for housing loans guaranteed by Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 403. Extension of authority to use in-come information. TITLE I—APPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS FOR VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM SEC. 101. APPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS FOR VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, $2,100,000,000 to be deposited in the Veterans Choice Fund under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). (b) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount appro-priated under subsection (a) shall remain available until expended. TITLE II—PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 201. MODIFICATION TO ANNUAL DETER-MINATION OF STAFFING SHORT-AGES IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
Section 7412(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.004 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6532 July 28, 2017 
(1) by striking ‘‘the five occupations’’ and inserting ‘‘at a minimum, the five clinical occupations and the five nonclinical occupa-tions’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘throughout the Depart-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to each medical center of the Department,’’. 
SEC. 202. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT FELLOWSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-chapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM ‘‘§ 741. Executive Management Fellowship Program ‘‘(a) F
ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—There is in the Department an Executive Management Fel-lowship Program. The purpose of the pro-gram shall be to provide— ‘‘(1) eligible employees of the Veterans Benefits Administration and the Veterans Health Administration with training and ex-perience in the private sector; and ‘‘(2) eligible employees of a private-sector entity with training and experience in the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(b) F
ELLOWSHIP .—(1) A fellowship pro-vided under this section is a 1-year fellow-ship during which— ‘‘(A) with respect to a Department partici-pant, the participant receives training and experience at a private-sector entity that is engaged in the administration and delivery of health care or other services similar to the benefits administered by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) with respect to a private-sector par-ticipant, the participant receives training and experience at the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration or the Veterans Health Admin-istration. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall enter into such agreements with private-sector entities as are necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(c) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—(1) In Au-gust of each year, the Secretary shall se-lect— ‘‘(A) not fewer than 18 and not more than 30 eligible employees of the Veterans Bene-fits Administration and the Veterans Health Administration to receive a fellowship under this section; and ‘‘(B) not fewer than 18 and not more than 30 eligible employees of private-sector enti-ties to receive a fellowship under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) To the extent practicable, the Sec-retary shall select eligible employees under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) from among eligible employees who are vet-erans in a manner that is reflective of the demographics of the veteran population of the United States and that whenever prac-ticable provides a preference to such employ-ees who represent or service rural areas. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEES .—For the pur-poses of this section, an eligible employee is— ‘‘(1) with respect to an employee of the Veterans Benefits Administration or the Veterans Health Administration, an em-ployee who— ‘‘(A) is compensated at a rate of basic pay not less than the minimum rate of basic pay payable for grade GS–14 of the General Schedule and not more than either the min-imum rate of basic pay payable to a member of the Senior Executive Service under sec-tion 5382 of title 5 or the minimum rate of basic pay payable pursuant to chapter 74 of this title, as the case may be; ‘‘(B) enters into an agreement with the Secretary under subsection (e); and ‘‘(C) submits to the Secretary an applica-tion containing such information and assur-ances as the Secretary may require; and ‘‘(2) with respect to an employee of a pri-vate-sector entity, an employee who— ‘‘(A) is employed in a position whose duties and responsibilities are commensurate with an employee of the Department described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) enters into an agreement with the Secretary under subsection (e); and ‘‘(C) submits to the Secretary an applica-tion containing such information and assur-ances as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(e) AGREEMENTS .—(1) An agreement be-tween the Secretary and a Department par-ticipant shall be in writing, shall be signed by the participant, and shall include the fol-lowing provisions: ‘‘(A) The Secretary’s agreement to provide the participant with a fellowship under this section; ‘‘(B) The participant’s agreement— ‘‘(i) to accept the fellowship; ‘‘(ii) after completion of the fellowship, to serve as a full-time employee in the Vet-erans Benefits Administration or the Vet-erans Health Administration for at least 2 years as specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(iii) that, during the 2-year period begin-ning on the last day of the fellowship, the participant will not accept employment in the same industry as the industry of the pri-vate-sector entity at which the participant accepts the fellowship. ‘‘(C) A provision that any financial obliga-tion of the United States arising out of an agreement entered into under this sub-chapter, and any obligation of the partici-pant which is conditioned on such agree-ment, is contingent upon funds being appro-priated. ‘‘(D) A statement of the damages to which the United States is entitled under this sub-chapter for the participant’s breach of the agreement. ‘‘(E) Such other terms as the Secretary de-termines are required to be included in the agreement. ‘‘(2) An agreement between the Secretary and a private-sector participant shall be in writing, shall be signed by the participant, and shall include the following provisions: ‘‘(A) The Secretary’s agreement to provide the participant with a fellowship under this section. ‘‘(B) The participant’s agreement to accept the fellowship. ‘‘(C) Such other terms as the Secretary de-termines are required to be included in the agreement. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT OF RECIPIENTS .—(1) A De- partment participant shall be considered an employee of the Department for all purposes, including for purposes of receiving a salary and benefits, and shall remain eligible for all promotion and incentive programs otherwise available to such an employee. ‘‘(2) A private-sector participant shall be considered an employee of the private-sector entity that employs the participant for all purposes, including for purposes of receiving a salary and benefits, and during the fellow-ship shall be treated as a contractor of the Department. ‘‘(g) R
EPORTS .—(1) Not later than 60 days after completing a fellowship under this sec-tion, a recipient of the fellowship shall sub-mit to the Secretary a report on the fellow-ship. ‘‘(2) Each such report shall describe the du-ties of the recipient during the fellowship and any recommendations of the recipient for the application by the Secretary of indus-try processes, technologies, and best prac-tices. ‘‘(3) Not later than 7 days after receiving each such report, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives such report without change. ‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Department participant’ means an employee of the Veterans Benefits Administration or the Veterans Health Ad-ministration who is participating in the fel-lowship under this section. ‘‘(2) The term ‘private-sector entity’ in-cludes an entity operating under a public- private partnership. ‘‘(3) The term ‘private-sector participant’ means an employee of a private-sector entity who is participating in the fellowship under this section.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall implement the Executive Man-agement Fellowship Program required under section 741 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT  
FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM  ‘‘741. Executive Management Fellowship Pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 203. ACCOUNTABILITY OF LEADERS FOR MANAGING THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 725. Annual performance plan for political appointees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct an annual performance plan for each po-litical appointee of the Department that is similar to the annual performance plan con-ducted for an employee of the Department who is appointed as a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the Department. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN.—Each annual per-formance plan conducted under subsection (a) with respect to a political appointee of the Department shall include an assessment of whether the appointee is meeting the fol-lowing goals: ‘‘(1) Recruiting, selecting, and retaining well-qualified individuals for employment at the Department. ‘‘(2) Engaging and motivating employees. ‘‘(3) Training and developing employees and preparing those employees for future leadership roles within the Department. ‘‘(4) Holding each employee of the Depart-ment that is a manager accountable for ad-dressing issues relating to performance, in particular issues relating to the performance of employees that report to the manager. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF POLITICAL APPOINTEE .— In this section, the term ‘political appointee’ means an employee of the Department who holds— ‘‘(1) a position which has been excepted from the competitive service by reason of its confidential, policy-determining, policy- making, or policy-advocating character; or ‘‘(2) a position in the Senior Executive Service as a noncareer appointee (as such term is defined in section 3132(a) of title 5).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 723 the following new item: ‘‘725. Annual performance plan for political appointees.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.005 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6533 July 28, 2017 
SEC. 204. REEMPLOYMENT OF FORMER EMPLOY-EES AT DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may noncompetitively appoint a qualified former career or career conditional employee to any position within the competitive service at the Department of Veterans Affairs that is one grade or equivalent higher than the grade or equivalent of the position at the De-partment most recently occupied by the em-ployee. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not appoint a qualified former employee to a po-sition that is more than one grade (or equiv-alent) higher than the position at the De-partment most recently occupied by the em-ployee. (c) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFIED FORMER EM-
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified former employee’’ means any individual who— (1) formerly occupied any career or career conditional position at the Department of Veterans Affairs within 2 years before apply-ing for reemployment at the Department; (2) voluntarily left such position, or was subject to a reduction in force, and had a satisfactory performance record while occu-pying such position; and (3) since leaving such position has main-tained licensing requirements, related to the position, if any, and gained skill, knowledge, or other factors related to the position. 
SEC. 205. PROMOTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR TECHNICAL EXPERTS AT DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a pro-motional track system for employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs that the Sec-retary determines are technical experts pur-suant to regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary for purposes of carrying out this sec-tion. Such system shall— (1) provide any such employee the oppor-tunity to advance within the Department without being required to transition to a management position; and (2) for purposes of achieving career ad-vancement— (A) provide for the establishment of new positions within the Department; and (B) notwithstanding any other provision of law, provide for increases in pay for any such employee. 
SEC. 206. EMPLOYMENT OF STUDENTS AND RE-CENT GRADUATES BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall prescribe regulations to allow for excepted service appointments of students and recent graduates leading to conversion to career or career conditional employment of a student or recent graduate of a qualifying educational institution, as defined by the Department. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The conversion author-ity described in subsection (a) shall be appli-cable to individuals in good standing who— (1) are employed in a qualifying internship or fellowship program at the Department; (2) are employed in the Department in a volunteer capacity and performing sub-stantive duties comparable to those of indi-viduals in internship or fellowship programs and meet the required number of hours for conversion; (3) are employed in the Department under a contract or agreement with an external nonprofit organization and performing sub-stantive duties comparable to those of indi-viduals in internship or fellowship programs; (4) have received educational assistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code; or (5) graduated from a qualifying edu-cational institution, as defined by the De-partment, and have not reached 30 years of age. (c) UNIFORMITY .—For the purposes of para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b), hours of work performed by an individual employed shall be considered equal to those performed by an individual employed in a qualifying in-ternship or fellowship program by the De-partment. 
SEC. 207. ENCOURAGEMENT OF TRANSITION OF MILITARY MEDICAL PROFES-SIONALS INTO EMPLOYMENT WITH VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRA-TION. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall es-tablish a program to encourage an individual who serves in the Armed Forces with a mili-tary occupational specialty relating to the provision of health care to seek employment with the Veterans Health Administration when the individual has been discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces or is contemplating separating from such serv-ice. 
SEC. 208. RECRUITING DATABASE AT DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish a single data-base that lists— (1) each vacant position in the Department of Veterans Affairs that the Secretary deter-mines is critical to the mission of the De-partment, difficult to fill, or both; and (2) each vacant position in the Department of Veterans Affairs for a mental health pro-fessional. (b) Q
UALIFIED APPLICANT .—If the Secretary determines that an applicant for a vacant position listed in the database established under subsection (a) is qualified for such po-sition but does not select the applicant for such position, the Secretary, at the election of the applicant, may consider the applicant for other similar vacant positions listed in the database for which the applicant is quali-fied. (c) P
ROLONGED VACANCIES .—If the Sec-retary does not fill a vacant position listed in the database established under subsection (a) after a period determined appropriate by the Secretary, the Secretary— (1) may ensure that applicants described in subsection (b) are considered for such posi-tion; and (2) may use the database established under subsection (a) to assist in filling such posi-tion. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the use and efficacy of the database estab-lished under subsection (a). 
SEC. 209. TRAINING FOR HUMAN RESOURCES PROFESSIONALS OF VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION ON RE-CRUITMENT AND RETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall provide to human re-sources professionals of the Veterans Health Administration training on how to best re-cruit and retain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, including with re-spect to any recruitment and retention mat-ters that are unique to the Veterans Health Administration pursuant to chapter 74 of title 38, United States Code, or other provi-sions of law. (b) V
IRTUAL TRAINING .—Training provided under this section shall be provided vir-tually. (c) A
MOUNT OF TRAINING .—The Secretary shall ensure that each human resources pro-fessional of the Veterans Health Administra-tion receives the training described in sub-section (a)— (1) as soon as practicable after being hired by the Secretary as a human resources pro-fessional; and (2) annually thereafter. (d) CERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall re-quire that each human resources profes-sional of the Veterans Health Administra-tion, upon the completion of the training de-scribed in subsection (a), certifies that the professional received the training and under-stands the information provided by the training. (e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than annually, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the training described in subsection (a), including the cost of providing such training and the number of human resources professionals who received such training dur-ing the year covered by the report. 
SEC. 210. PLAN TO HIRE DIRECTORS OF MEDICAL CENTERS OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P LAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall develop and implement a plan to hire highly qualified di-rectors for each medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that lacks a permanent director as of the date of the plan. (b) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize under the plan developed under subsection (a) the hiring of directors for medical centers that have not had a perma-nent director for the longest periods. (c) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan devel-oped under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A deadline to hire directors of medical centers of the Department as described in such subsection. (2) Identification of the possible impedi-ments to such hiring. (3) Identification of opportunities to pro-mote and train candidates from within the Department to senior executive positions in the Department, including as directors of medical centers. (d) S
UBMITTAL OF PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives the plan devel-oped under subsection (a). (e) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 180 days there-after, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report con-taining a list of each medical center of the Department that lacks a permanent director as of the date of the report. 
SEC. 211. EXIT SURVEYS AT DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) E XITSURVEYS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop and carry out a stand-ardized exit survey to be voluntarily com-pleted by career and noncareer employees and executives of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs who voluntarily separate from the Department. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—Such exit survey shall be developed in consultation with an appro-priate non-Department entity with experi-ence developing such surveys. (b) S
URVEY CONTENT .—The survey shall in-clude, at a minimum, the following: (1) Reasons for leaving the Department. (2) Efforts made by the supervisor of the employee to retain the individual. (3) The extent of job satisfaction and en-gagement during the employment. (4) The intent of employee to either remain employed within the Federal Government or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.005 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6534 July 28, 2017 
to leave employment with the Federal Gov-ernment. (5) Such other matters as the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (c) A
NONYMITY OF SURVEY CONTENT .—The Secretary shall ensure that data collected under subsection (a)— (1) is anonymized, including through the use of a location that allows for privacy; (2) is not directly visible by another em-ployee; and (3) does not require the departing employee to input any personally identifiable data. (d) S
HARING OF SURVEY DATA.—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the results of the survey required by subsection (a) are— (1) aggregated at the Veterans Integrated Service Network level; and (2) shared on an annual basis with direc-tors and managers of facilities of the Depart-ment and the Veterans Integrated Service Networks. (e) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the aggregate results of the exit sur-vey under subsection (a) covering the year prior to the report. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by the report, the following: (A) An analysis of the most common rea-sons employees choose to leave the Depart-ment. (B) The steps the Secretary is taking to improve retention, particularly for mission- critical occupations. (C) The demographic characteristics of em-ployees choosing to leave the Department. (D) Any legislative barriers to improving employee retention. (E) The total number of employees who voluntarily separated from the Department and the number and percentage of whom took the exit survey under subsection (a). 
SEC. 212. REQUIREMENT THAT PHYSICIAN AS-SISTANTS EMPLOYED BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RECEIVE COMPETITIVE PAY. 
Section 7451(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) Physician assistant.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and registered nurse’’ and inserting ‘‘registered nurse, and physician assistant’’. 
SEC. 213. EXPANSION OF DIRECT-HIRING AU-THORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS IN CASE OF SHORT-AGE OF HIGHLY QUALIFIED CAN-DIDATES. 
Section 3304(a)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Veterans Affairs, that there exists a severe shortage of highly qualified candidates)’’ after ‘‘severe shortage of candidates’’. 
SEC. 214. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES ASSESSMENT OF SUCCESSION PLANNING AT DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall assess the extent to which key succession planning policies and guidance at the Department of Veterans Affairs, including the Veterans Health Ad-ministration, the Veterans Benefits Admin-istration, and the National Cemetery Admin-istration, are consistent with leading prac-tices for succession and workforce planning identified by Comptroller General. (2) ADDITIONAL MATTERS .—In carrying out the assessment required by paragraph (1), the Comptroller General may assess such other matters as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the assessment carried out under subsection (a). (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON STUDY ON COM-
PLIANCE WITHPOLICIES AND GUIDANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Comptroller General should conduct a study to examine the extent to which a sampling of installations of the Department of Veterans Affairs are complying with poli-cies and guidance of the Department, as well as applicable leading practices; and (2) the scope and timeframe of a study con-ducted as described in paragraph (1) may be dependent upon the findings of the Comp-troller General with respect to the assess-ment carried out under subsection (a). TITLE III—MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASES 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facil-ity leases at the locations specified and in an amount for each lease not to exceed the amount specified for such location (not in-cluding any estimated cancellation costs): (1) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Ann Arbor, Michigan, an amount not to ex-ceed $4,247,000. (2) For a new outpatient mental health clinic, Birmingham, Alabama, an amount not to exceed $6,649,000. (3) For new research space, Boston, Massa-chusetts, an amount not to exceed $6,224,000. (4) For a replacement research space, Charleston, South Carolina, an amount not to exceed $7,274,000. (5) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Corpus Christi, Texas, an amount not to ex-ceed $6,556,000. (6) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Daytona Beach, Florida, an amount not to exceed $12,198,000. (7) For a replacement Chief Business Office Purchased Care office space, Denver, Colo-rado, an amount not to exceed $14,784,000. (8) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Fredericksburg, Virginia, an amount not to exceed $45,015,000. (9) For a new outpatient clinic, Gaines-ville, Florida, an amount not to exceed $7,891,000. (10) For an outpatient mental health clin-ic, Gainesville, Florida, an amount not to ex-ceed $4,320,000. (11) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Hampton Roads, Virginia, an amount not to exceed $18,141,000. (12) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Indianapolis, Indiana, an amount not to ex-ceed $7,876,000. (13) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Jacksonville, Florida, an amount not to ex-ceed $18,623,000. (14) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Missoula, Montana, an amount not to exceed $6,942,000. (15) For a replacement outpatient mental health clinic, Northern Colorado, Colorado, an amount not to exceed $8,904,000. (16) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Ocala, Florida, an amount not to exceed $5,026,000. (17) For a new outpatient clinic, Oxnard, California, an amount not to exceed $5,274,000. (18) For a new outpatient clinic, Pike County, Georgia, an amount not to exceed $5,565,000. (19) For a new outpatient clinic, Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, an amount not to ex-ceed $6,247,000. (20) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Portland, Maine, an amount not to exceed $6,808,000. (21) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Raleigh, North Carolina, an amount not to exceed $21,870,000. (22) For a replacement outpatient clinic, phase II, Rochester, New York, an amount not to exceed $3,645,000. (23) For a replacement research space, San Diego, California, an amount not to exceed $4,852,000. (24) For a new outpatient clinic, Santa Rosa, California, an amount not to exceed $6,922,000. (25) For a replacement mental health clin-ic, Tampa, Florida, an amount not to exceed $13,387,000. (26) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Lakeland, Tampa, Florida, an amount not to exceed $10,760,000. (27) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Terre Haute, Indiana, an amount not to ex-ceed $4,102,000. (28) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Rapid City, South Dakota, an amount not to exceed $4,532,000. 
SEC. 302. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASES. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 or the year in which funds are ap-propriated for the Medical Facilities account $274,634,000 for the major medical facility leases authorized in section 301. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF REDUCTION IN AMOUNT OF PENSION FURNISHED BY DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR CERTAIN VETERANS COVERED BY MEDICAID PLANS FOR SERVICES FURNISHED BY NURSING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 5503(d)(7) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. 
SEC. 402. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR COLLECTION OF FEES FOR HOUSING LOANS GUARANTEED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3729(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; and (B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; and (4) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.005 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6535 July 28, 2017 
SEC. 403. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO USE IN-COME INFORMATION. 
Section 5317(g) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 114, as amended, the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017. It has been a long week of negotia-tions, but we are here today with an agreement we—and, more importantly, our veterans—can all be proud to sup-port. I know that I am. Ranking Member W
ALZ and I have worked feverishly with our Senate counterparts to find a solution that can pass both Chambers and ensure that veterans will continue to be able to access care in the community. The VA Choice and Quality Improve-ment Act of 2017 would expand veteran access to care both inside and outside the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system by, number one, pro-viding $2.1 billion to sustain the Choice Program for the next 6 months, author-izing 28 VA medical center facility leases, and improving VA’s ability to recruit and retain high-quality employ-ees by including many of the provisions of H.R. 1367, as amended, which were sponsored by Dr. B
RAD WENSTRUP , the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, and unanimously approved by the House in March. I would be remiss if I did not impress upon my colleagues a sense of urgency about this legisla-tion. The Choice Program was created 3 years ago in response to the nationwide VA access crisis that began with 40 vet-eran patients who died while waiting for VA care in Phoenix, Arizona. Due to much higher than expected veteran demand for Choice care, the program is slated to run out of money by mid-Au-gust. It would leave devastating con-sequences for veterans in its wake. Starting with an extremely tight 90- day implementation period and count-less contract modifications with third- party administrators, I will be the first to admit that the Choice Program has been plagued with problems. But I will also tell you that the program has come a long way from where it once was and is responsible for more than 1 million veterans getting the care they need closer to home and in a more timely manner. The good Lord only knows how many lives have been saved or prolonged. That is a success. If Choice were to end 3 weeks from now, Mr. Speaker, VA’s most senior leaders, including Secretary Shulkin, have warned that waiting times for veteran patients will increase to pre- Choice Phoenix levels. They also said continuity of care would be disrupted for veterans across the country, and some of our most vulnerable veterans may not be able to get care without ei-ther a long, possibly debilitating wait time or an excessive travel distance. That is failure. Passage of this bill today, followed by swift passage by our colleagues in the Senate, would preserve Choice for the next 6 months. That would allow the program to continue serving vet-erans while we continue the hard work of creating a stronger, more integrated VA healthcare system for the years ahead. Some stakeholders have expressed frustration that Congress has not been adequately supporting VA’s internal capacity for care and too much atten-tion has been paid since the 2014 access crisis to addressing issues with growing veteran demand for community care programs, Choice included. They argue that providing increased funding for Choice without identical increases in funding for VA medical facilities is harmful to veterans. I totally disagree. I do not believe that argument is fair or constructive, given the historic funding increases that VA has received in recent years and the growth in staff-ing, programming, and the VA physical footprint that has resulted from those increases. In fact, VA’s budget—that is the healthcare budget, not total budg-et. The VA’s healthcare budget has grown more than $83 billion since I came to Congress in 2009. Mr. Speaker, we were spending $93.7 billion when I was sworn into this House in 2009. The President’s request this year is $186.5 billion. In the same time, the number of VA full-time em-ployees has increased by almost 63,000. What is more, we just passed a MILCON–VA Appropriations bill which includes a $3.9 billion increase for VA medical care. Nevertheless, I have listened to the concerns of those stakeholders, which include many veterans service organi-zations, and I respect their viewpoints and their willingness to be strong advo-cates for our Nation’s veterans. As a matter of fact, I belong to many of these organizations. That is why this bill includes provi-sions to increase VA internal capacity by authorizing 28 medical facility leases, most of which are for commu-nity-based outpatient clinics, and by enhancing VA’s ability to maintain a robust, highly qualified workforce in recognition of the many challenges VA has in competing for workers in an ex-tremely competitive hiring market. To offset a significant portion of the costs of this legislation, we have used offsets that have been used routinely on a bipartisan basis over the last dec-ades and that were included in the leg-islation which first created the Choice Program 3 years ago. As I alluded to earlier, this bill was crafted as the result of negotiations be-tween myself; my friend, Ranking Member Sergeant Major W
ALZ; and Senators I
SAKSON and T ESTER , the chairman and ranking member, respec-tively, on the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I am grateful to them for this work. I am also grateful to my friends and colleagues in the House leadership for their efforts and willingness to do the sometimes difficult work of finding a solution that is in the best interests of both veterans and taxpayers and to our VSO partners for their input and sup-port throughout the past weeks. There is still much work ahead. This is only a 6-month patch to the Choice Program. The ranking member and I have a framework agreement for mov-ing forward, but that will require the cooperation and buy-in from all my colleagues in the House and Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today and associate myself with the words of my friend and our chairman, the gentleman from Ten-nessee. I strongly recommend support for the newly amended S. 114, a bill, as the chairman so clearly stated, that not only extends veterans’ access to care in the community, but provides additional funding for 28 critical leases to expand capacity and also makes sure we can recruit and retain the best med-ical professionals. Mr. Speaker, I would like to note that on Monday, someone, another Member, mentioned that they felt a disturbance in the force on Monday is the way they described it. There has been a reputation that I think is right-fully earned from the leadership of the chairman and the members of the com-mittee that the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee is here to do the busi-ness of this Nation’s veterans and the taxpayers and that the politics that are necessary and that are a part of getting things done take a backseat to that. What you saw on Monday were dis-agreements. We could not come to an agreement. But instead of the theatrics of partisanship and instead of the poli-tics of deconstruction, it was the poli-tics of the possible. So instead of sulk-ing away or sending out competing press releases, we came back together to try to find compromise on this. For that I am grateful. I am grateful as a veteran, and I am grateful as a citizen that, on a morning when many Americans are waking up wondering about our politics and see-ing the theatrics that go on, I am here to tell you that under the chairman’s leadership, the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, he is guiding this House and tying it into the Senate in the best interests of our Nation’s vet-erans, taking in the concerns of the mi-nority side and taking in the concerns of the veterans service organizations in a way that also means compromise on my Republican colleagues’ side. That is hard to do, asking people to put their own personal ideology aside if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.005 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6536 July 28, 2017 
it is in the best interests of building a coalition and producing a piece of leg-islation that can pass through this House, the Senate, and be signed by the President. That is a tough order around here right now, and I am proud to stand with someone who has done it. I am proud to give my little piece of what it takes to do that. I would encourage my colleagues, let’s show a strong sign not just to our veterans, not just to this piece of legis-lation that, the gentleman was right, is absolutely critical for the care of our veterans; let’s send a sign to our fellow citizens that this democracy still can function, this democracy still can find answers, this democracy can put Amer-ican citizens first, and we can walk away from this knowing that our job was to come here and do exactly that, and it will be done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), who is my good friend. I had the privilege of visiting B
RUCE POLIQUIN ’s beautiful State last summer. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I would remind you that ‘‘Maine is Vacation-land.’’ If you have not booked your Maine vacation, there is still plenty of time. I would like to thank Chairman R
OE, who is a Vietnam veteran himself and a doctor, in leading us down this path for better healthcare for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, it was, I believe, our first Commander in Chief, George Washington, who said, and I para-phrase, that we can never expect young men and women in this country to step forward and fight for their country and give us the freedom that we all enjoy unless and until we take care of those who have already sacrificed on the bat-tlefield. That is what this is about. Mr. Speaker, in our State, we have about 125,000 veterans, and we love our veterans in the State of Maine. More than half of them are in the Second Congressional District that I represent, which is mostly central, down east, western, and northern Maine. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, we know how to shoot straight up in Maine, and we just need to make sure we take care of our veterans who live in rural areas. One of the great concerns I have—and I know the chairman and others on the committee have the same concern—is that what about if you are a veteran that lives far away from a medical hos-pital, a veterans hospital. In the State of Maine, we have one veterans hos-pital. It is called Togus. It is the first VA hospital in the country—about 150 years old—and it was put together first to take care of those who have served on the battlefield in the Civil War. In northern Maine, you might live in Fort Kent or Van Buren or Madawaska and be a 5-hour drive away from Togus. If you are not feeling well, it is Feb-ruary and the snow is blowing side-ways, it might be really tough to get down to Togus. That is why this Choice Program is so important. It allows our veterans who live far away from med-ical facilities to get their treatment close to home. This is something that I am a huge advocate of, and it is some-thing we need to keep doing. Now, one more thing I want to men-tion if I may, Mr. Speaker, is that we all know that veterans heal better with other veterans. We are not in any way trying to replace the veterans’ facili-ties. We have healthcare facilities in this country. But the Choice Program allows us to augment that care through the Choice Program where they are able to go to private facilities. Now, this emergency funding is abso-lutely critical. It will extend this pro-gram for 6 months instead of letting it run out of money in 3 weeks. It also in-cludes something that is highly impor-tant. I am so grateful to the chairman for including it. It includes the ability to authorize a lease in Portland, Maine, for a brand-new, state-of-the- art, if you will, VA facility, a CBOC fa-cility, an outpatient facility, that will serve about 4,000 veterans in the State of Maine. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. b1045 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman C
HELLIE PINGREE from the First District of the State of Maine. I represent the Second District. I encourage everyone in this body, Republicans and Democrats, to please take care of our veterans. Please vote for S. 114 to renew the authorization in the emergency fund for the Choice Pro-gram. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ), my good friend, the vice ranking member of the full Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, who is also from a great vacation State. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for mentioning that so that it doesn’t detract from my time. But please visit California, espe-cially Riverside, California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 114, which prevents a funding lapse in the VA Choice Program while making critical investments to strengthen the Department of Veterans Affairs. This legislation is a significant im-provement over the bill we considered earlier this week. It now includes leas-ing authorizations for VA medical fa-cilities in 17 States across the country, and it includes several provisions that I introduced that will help address the VA’s workforce shortages. This is what I hope to be the first step in providing the VA the tools it needs to meet its internal workforce challenges. As I have often said, the VA’s ability to provide quality and timely care to our Nation’s veterans will be deter-mined by who it hires. There are nearly 50,000 vacancies at the VA that need to be filled. This bill strengthens and streamlines the VA’s ability to recruit, hire, and retain tal-ented and dedicated individuals. But more needs to be done to expand the VA’s own internal capacity to provide care for our veterans. The VA Choice Program is a well-in-tentioned program, but it has not de-livered on its promise to consistently cut wait times or improve care. We do not want to be back here in January passing another short-term fix. Starting today, we have 6 months to come together and develop a more effi-cient and effective system to connect veterans with the care they need. Earlier this week, I expressed my de-sire to vote for a bill that avoids a funding gap in the Choice Program, while also recognizing the importance of a strong and sustainable VA. This legislation meets that standard, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-tunity on the full Committee of Vet-erans’ Affairs. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 114, which will con-tinue funding the Choice Program, an important reform to make sure that our veterans have access to quality care. For too long, our veterans, Mr. Speaker, have been trapped in a system that has failed them. They are in a sin-gle-payer system. We put them in a system that the Members of Congress wouldn’t sign up for. For years, we haven’t give them the same choice that we have given Medicaid patients and Medicare patients. The Choice Program isn’t just com-mon sense, it is common decency. We have asked these men and women to serve and to sacrifice for our freedom. They deserve the very best care. The only way they are going to get the best care is to have choice when they have geographic challenges or are waiting in line. We have all read the reports about how our veterans have waited in line, have gotten sicker, and some even died. It is unconscionable and unacceptable. I am so grateful that, in an institu-tion that has a reputation of gridlock and dysfunction, we have a committee with leaders like Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZwho will come together and put America first. So I am heartened by this and I applaud their leadership. I support this continuation of fund-ing and the improved access to care for our heroes. I thank the chairman for the privilege of serving under the lead-ership of his committee. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ), my good friend, a long-time champion of veterans, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.019 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6537 July 28, 2017 
the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Health. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, our ranking member; and the gentleman from Tennessee, the chair, for their commitment to bipar-tisan solutions which helped get us the agreement that the House is consid-ering today. I am extremely proud to work on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee because we have shown that we can tackle the big issues in a bipartisan way. That is why I rise today in support of S. 114, which will address the immediate shortfall in funding for the Choice Pro-gram, while making needed invest-ments in direct VA-provided care. I am so pleased that this bipartisan agreement includes my legislation au-thorizing 28 new VA healthcare facili-ties across the country. This bill will bring more care closer to home for vet-erans from coast to coast. The demand for VA healthcare is in-creasing, and many veterans face long wait times because outdated facilities are too small to accommodate the growing number of men and women seeking care. The leases authorized by this bill are located in 17 States, with nearly 12 mil-lion veterans living in them, who have been waiting years for improved access to care. This includes a new, larger clinic in the city of Oxnard, in my dis-trict, which will bring much-needed specialty care closer to home for our veterans in Ventura County. Veterans in my community and com-munities across the country have wait-ed long enough for these expanded serv-ices, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and our veterans service organizations for working with me to deliver this win for them. We can fund the VA Choice Program and fund other programs critical to the VA’s mission, my mission, and the mis-sion of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: provide the care our vet-erans, who have risked their lives for our country, have earned and deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this legislation and help ensure veterans get the care they need and to make the investments we need to build a modern, veteran-centric 21st century VA. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ), a good friend and new member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank all of our veterans for their service and sacrifice for our great country. I come from California, the home of the greatest number of veterans in this great country. On their behalf, I would like to thank Chairman R
OEand Rank-ing Member W
ALZfor their tremendous job and leadership in addressing the needs of all of our veterans. I am pleased that we reached the bi-partisan agreement, and I hope the rest of this place learns from the work the Veterans Affairs’ Committee has done. I hope that tomorrow, when we wake up and open up those newspapers, this is a front-page story, because it de-serves to be. Democrats and Repub-licans, everybody coming together to work for our veterans, that is the way it should be done. Three years ago, Congress created the Choice Program. This was an alter-native to make sure that our veterans didn’t have to wait to get the health services they needed. This bill will provide additional fund-ing and short-term sustainability for this program called the Choice Pro-gram. This bill will also allow the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to open up more clinics and to hire additional doctors to make sure that our veterans get the service they deserve. Again, I am glad that we are here today and that we could work to make sure that our veterans get the services they earned. I urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), who is also on the Maine Tourism Board. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Ranking Member for yielding and allowing me to reinforce my colleague from the State of Maine and say: if you haven’t made your plans, it is not too late. Lobster season is just picking up. I highly recommend a visit to the Maine coast or anywhere in the State of Maine. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill to provide the VA Choice Program with additional funds and to authorize several provisions to improve care for our Nation’s veterans. Specifically, I want to recognize the authorization of a lease included in this bill for a community-based out-patient clinic in Portland, Maine, that will provide much-improved services to the veterans in that area. The new fa-cility will be a huge step in improving the care for veterans in my district. The proposed facility will go a long way toward a more efficient, patient- centered approach to care and will pro-vide a wide range of services, including audiology, dental, physical therapy, prosthetics, and women’s health. Most of the veterans served by this new CBOC will be coming from the sur-rounding areas, and this new clinic will result in a much shorter commute for those veterans living in the most densely populated area of Maine. The entire Maine congressional dele-gation has worked for the authoriza-tion of this lease, including my col-league, Mr. P
OLIQUIN from Maine’s Sec-ond District. I thank Congresswoman B
ROWNLEY  for introducing legislation earlier this year to authorize these leases and for her work on this issue. I am proud to support S. 114, and I thank Ranking Member W
ALZ and Chairman ROEfor their work on this legislation. The authorization of this lease represents a tremendous step for our State in providing veterans the proper care they have earned. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, since we are doing a Maine advertise-ment here today, I will say one thing negative about Maine. I herniated a disk in my back climbing Mount Ka-tahdin with my good friend, F
RENCH  H
ILLfrom Arkansas, last summer. It wasn’t all good. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as you heard here today from numerous members of the com-mittee and others, this is how business should be done: looking out for our vet-erans, compromises being made. I do want to extend my thanks to Senator I
SAKSON ; Senator T ESTER ; Sec-retary Shulkin; the DAVs and the other VSOs; and the staff on both sides of the aisle who are the ones who are carrying out late-night negotiations. I think the gentleman from Ten-nessee, Chairman R
OE, did bring up a good point: this is the beginning of tough decisions that need to be made, tough negotiations. I hope everyone here understands that the continued good will and bipar-tisanship is going to be needed, because we have an opportunity to transform the VA into that 21st century VA, one that is more responsive to the needs of veterans, one that takes into account the realities of modern-day medicine that involves many outpatient clinics and different ways of delivering serv-ice, especially to rural veterans who we represent. This is a great start. It is one that I think we go from a stop on Monday to what I hope can be a unanimous vote for a good, smart piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I do want to associate my remarks with those of the ranking member. We have a lot of thanks to go around, but the major thanks go to our vet-erans who serve this great Nation. I think it would be remiss on us and a pox on this body if we didn’t do what is right for our veterans. And we are. As Mr. W
ALZ said, this is just the first step, although a major one, in a transformative process that we have been given the opportunity on this committee to do. We serve 21 million veterans in this country that have served this Nation honorably. We have a great organiza-tion. I think a lot of times it doesn’t get said that the VA does a lot of good work. I don’t go home where there is not a day that I don’t run into somebody at the grocery store or somewhere that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Jul 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.020 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6538 July 28, 2017 
tells me of a positive thing that hap-pened to them at the VA. It is not ev-erywhere, though. I also get stopped and told and have stacks of documents on my desk that tell me the problems with the VA. We hear those loud and clear. I think both of us do. But I think it is an opportunity for us as a body—not just this committee, but the entire body—to thank our vet-erans, pass this bill unanimously, send it to the Senate, and then to the Presi-dent’s desk for his signature. I, once again, thank Mr. W
ALZ, his committee and staff, and our com-mittee and staff for working in a bipar-tisan way to pass this. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support S. 114, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Amendment in the Nature of a Sub-stitute to S. 114 that provides for a 6-month extension of the Choice program, as well as funding for VA recruitment and retention pro-grams. Extension of the Choice program is good news for veterans in my district. The Northern Marianas is the only jurisdiction in our country that does not have a VA medical clinic and does not have a single, dedicated VA doctor or mental health professional. There is one physician contracted by the VA on a part-time basis. But she is at capacity and cannot take on any more veteran patients. So, it is the Choice program that allows the veterans I represent to obtain health care, where they live, rather than having to fly hun-dreds or thousands of miles, to Guam or to Hawai’i, for treatment. It was to ease that burden that I was one of the Members who identified and spoke up about the problem of access to service for vet-erans in remote and rural areas of America; and advocacy by Members from underserved areas helped lead to the creation of Choice. Make no mistake, the Choice program does not solve all of the issues of health care ac-cess that trouble Marianas veterans. A VA health clinic with VA staff in the Marianas re-mains my goal. But S. 114—short of a full- fledged clinic—does provide recruitment and retention authorities that could lead to having more VA staff in my district. That would be step in the right direction. Meanwhile, and until we have a real, full- time, fully staffed and equipped VA clinic in the Northern Marianas, the Choice program will continue to be needed to fill the gap and provide the care that veterans deserve. My thanks to Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZand to their staff for the time and effort that has gone into ensuring that Choice can continue for veterans in the Mari-anas—and in rural, remote, and underserved areas throughout America. I am also grateful to the many veteran serv-ice organizations, who have advised on this legislation and who have been steadfast in their commitment to improve the Department of Veterans’ Affairs for those who served our Nation. b1100 The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 480, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
VETERANS’ ACCESS TO CHILD CARE ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 95) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving cer-tain medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 95 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CHILD CARE ASSISTANCE FOR VETERANS RECEIVING MENTAL HEALTH CARE AND OTHER INTENSIVE HEALTH CARE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 1730B. Child care assistance for veterans receiving mental health care and other in-tensive health care services ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide child care assistance to an eligible vet-eran for any period that the veteran— ‘‘(1) receives covered health care services at a facility of the Department; and ‘‘(2) is required travel to and return from such facility for the receipt of such health care services. ‘‘(b) C
HILD CARE ASSISTANCE .—(1) Child care assistance provided under this section may include any of the following: ‘‘(A) A stipend for the payment of child care offered by a licensed child care center (either directly or through a voucher pro-gram) which shall be, to the extent prac-ticable, modeled after the Department of Veterans Affairs Child Care Subsidy Pro-gram established pursuant to section 590 of title 40. ‘‘(B) Direct provision of child care at an on-site facility of the Department. ‘‘(C) A payment made directly to a private child care agency. ‘‘(D) A collaboration with a facility or pro-gram of another Federal department or agen-cy. ‘‘(E) Such other form of assistance as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) In the case that child care assistance under this section is provided as a stipend under paragraph (1)(A), such stipend shall cover the full cost of such child care. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘eligible veteran’ means a veteran who— ‘‘(A) is the primary caretaker of a child or children; and ‘‘(B) is— ‘‘(i) receiving covered health care services from the Department; or ‘‘(ii) in need of covered health care serv-ices, and but for lack of child care services, would receive such covered health care serv-ices from the Department. ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered health care serv-ices’ means— ‘‘(A) regular mental health care services; ‘‘(B) intensive mental health care services; or ‘‘(C) such other intensive health care serv-ices that the Secretary determines that pro-vision of assistance to the veteran to obtain child care would improve access to such health care services by the veteran.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1730A the following new item: ‘‘1730B. Child care assistance for veterans re-ceiving mental health care and other intensive health care services.’’. 
SEC. 3. EXTENSION OF REDUCTION IN AMOUNT OF PENSION FURNISHED BY DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR CERTAIN VETERANS COVERED BY MEDICAID PLANS FOR SERVICES FURNISHED BY NURSING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 5503(d)(7) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2026’’. 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR COL-LECTION OF FEES FOR HOUSING LOANS GUARANTEED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3729(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (4) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.022 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6539 July 28, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 95, as amended, the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act. This bill would make the Department of Vet-erans Affairs’ successful pilot program to provide childcare assistance to vet-erans seeking mental or other inten-sive healthcare services through the VA healthcare system permanent. I have been a ‘‘Doctor Dad’’ myself, and I know firsthand how difficult it can be to manage childcare responsibil-ities on top of everything else. We know that the lack of childcare is a barrier to care for many patients and that assisting veteran parents, grand-parents, and guardians in finding childcare opportunities while they are attending VA appointments will relieve a major stress point and increase ac-cess to care. I am grateful to Congresswoman J
ULIA BROWNLEY , the ranking member of our Subcommittee on Health, for her leadership in sponsoring the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act. I am proud to support this bill and urge my colleagues to do so as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 95, as amend-ed, offered by the Subcommittee on Health Ranking Member J
ULIA B
ROWNLEY . Mr. Speaker, to increase access, we must eliminate barriers, and this amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute does exactly that. The Vet-erans’ Access to Child Care Act assists those veterans who are also parents to access the healthcare they need by al-lowing the VA to provide childcare as-sistance to eligible veterans. Representative B
ROWNLEY ’s bill is es-sential to ensuring all veterans have that access, and I appreciate her hard work to make it a reality. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment in the nature of a substitute. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ), the author of this piece of legislation. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, our ranking member, and the gentleman from Tennessee, our chairman, for their support of this bill and for their tireless advocacy on be-half of our Nation’s veterans. I rise today in support of H.R. 95, the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act, which will break down a barrier to care many veterans with children face. This is especially problematic for women veterans, who are often the primary caretakers of young children and a rap-idly growing segment of the veteran population. According to a 2015 VA study, 42 per-cent of women who use the VA said it is difficult to find childcare that would allow them to attend medical appoint-ments, and for those who can, that care is often unaffordable. The average cost of childcare in my home State of California, for instance, is more than $13,000 a year. As the post- 9/11 generation continue to start their families, more and more veterans will face the unacceptable choice between caring for their children and getting the healthcare they need. Without affordable childcare options, veterans can miss their appointments, including critical mental health ap-pointments, that impact their long- term well-being. It is just common sense: better access to childcare will lead to better access to care, which will ultimately result in better outcomes for our Nation’s veterans. The VA currently runs a successful childcare pilot program at several loca-tions around the country that benefits female and male veterans of all eras. My legislation will make that program permanent and expand it nationwide, ensuring that no veteran will have to miss a VA health appointment because of a lack of access of childcare. I want to thank my colleague, Con-gressman BRIAN HIGGINS , for his stead-fast support of this bill and all of my colleagues on the VA Committee who have backed this proposal every step of the way. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this legislation and help ensure that veterans do not have to choose between caring for their chil-dren and getting the healthcare they need and deserve. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Again, the Chair heard the reasons for this. I thank the gentlewoman for authoring this needed piece of legisla-tion and urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 95, the ‘‘Veterans’ Ac-cess to Child Care Act,’’ which makes perma-nent the VA’s Child Care Pilot Program and expands it so that all veterans who are pri-mary caretakers have a safe, reliable, and cost-free option for child care when they use VA healthcare. As the founder and chair of the Congres-sional Children’s Caucus, I fully understand the importance of having access to affordable and safe child care. The bill provides child care assistance to an eligible veteran for any period that the veteran receives covered health care services at a VA facility, and is required to travel to and return from such facility for the receipt of such serv-ices. My own city of Houston is home to the sec-ond largest veterans’ community in the United States in terms of resident veterans. The U.S. Census Bureau recorded that Houston is home to approximately 282,000 veterans, which is almost one-fifth of the state’s veteran population. The Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in the city of Houston has 111,189 veterans enrolled in the center. For these veterans in Houston and veterans across the country, H.R. 95 provides access to child care for veterans receiving mental health services and other intensive health care services at VA facilities. The VA reported that it had provided free childcare to 10,000 children through the pilot program and that veterans were consistently ‘‘completely satisfied’’ with the services re-ceived. H.R. 95 ensures that veterans continue to get the care they have earned and deserve, and that includes ensuring that those seeking treatment at VA medical facilities do not miss appointments because they do not have ac-cess to safe and reliable child care. The lack of convenient and affordable child care has prevented veterans from getting the medical care they need. The cost of full time infant care across the United States in 2012 ranged from $4,600 to $20,200 a year. The cost of full time care for a 4 year old ranged from $3,900 to $15,450. Of those seeking childcare, 89 percent were looking for full time care and only 11 percent were looking for part-time care. Parents who serve as the primary care taker of a child should not have to sacrifice their own health to find safe and reliable child care. We must remove barriers that impede vet-erans’ access to health care. Currently, the Child Care Pilot Program of-fers free child care for qualified veterans using VA healthcare services at a limited number of participating sites around the United States. Congress has reauthorized this popular pilot program three times in separate bills, but it is time to make this program permanent. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 95, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.024 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6540 July 28, 2017 
VA SENIOR EXECUTIVE ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2772) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for re-quirements relating to the reassign-ment of Department of Veterans Af-fairs senior executive employees, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2772 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Senior Executive Accountability Act’’ or the ‘‘SEA Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON REASSIGN-MENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 723. Reassignment of senior executives ‘‘(a) A
PPROVAL OF REASSIGNMENTS .—No in- dividual employed in a senior executive posi-tion at the Department may be reassigned to another such position at the Department un-less such reassignment is approved in writ-ing and signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than June 30 and December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the reassignment of individuals employed in senior executive positions at the Department to other such positions at the Department during the period covered by the report. Each such report shall describe the purpose of each such reassignment and the costs associated with such reassignment. ‘‘(c) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘senior executive position’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(g)(3) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 723 the following new item: ‘‘724. Reassignment of senior executives.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2772, as amended, the VA Senior Executive Accountability Act, or SEA Act. This bill would provide needed transparency of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ reassignment of members of the Senior Executive Serv-ice. Specifically, the bill would require the Secretary to personally approve of a reassignment of VA’s approximately 350 SES employees. It would also require VA to report to Congress identifying those employees who are reassigned and the cost associ-ated with reassignments. I thank Representative TAYLOR for his thoughtful legislation. And with that, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2772. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2772, the VA Senior Executive Account-ability Act. Mr. Speaker, this is a com-monsense bill that has received bipar-tisan support as it moved through reg-ular order of our committee. This bill requires that any reassign-ment of a senior executive at the VA have the Secretary’s written approval. It also requires an annual report to Congress to help us in our oversight ability. I have dealt with this issue myself in Minnesota and know firsthand how im-portant this is. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. T
AYLOR and our vice ranking mem-ber, Mr. T
AKANO , for developing this legislation. I support and encourage Members to join in its support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ), the author of this bill and a Navy SEAL. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 2772, the VA Senior Executive Accountability Act. This bipartisan bill brings trans-parency and accountability to senior VA leadership. Mr. Speaker, my area has the fastest growing veterans population in the Na-tion. Our OIF, our OEF, and our wom-en’s veterans population is rapidly growing. Recently, our main VA hospital was rated at a one-star out of a five-star rating. In making a change, the VA simply swapped out the underper-forming leadership with another VA hospital. This, Mr. Speaker, is unacceptable. My bill would require the VA to issue reports on any reassignment of VA leadership and how much the cost is. Additionally, the Secretary of the VA would have to personally sign off on the reassignment. Mr. Speaker, veterans need to trust that they are getting the best care pos-sible. They need to trust that they will have transparency. They need to trust that there will be accountability. I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and all those on the committee for their work, their dedica-tion, and their commitment to uphold-ing our sacred responsibility of care for those who upheld their own sacred re-sponsibility to our Nation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close at this time. Mr. Speaker, again, commonsense bill, bipartisan, does the right thing, and, as the gentleman so clearly ex-plained, providing that trust to our veterans is absolutely critical. I be-lieve this will do that. I urge my col-leagues to support passage of H.R. 2772. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2772, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GROW OUR OWN DIRECTIVE: PHY-SICIAN ASSISTANT EMPLOY-MENT AND EDUCATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3262) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assist-ance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and train-ing as physician assistants of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to estab-lish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the De-partment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3262 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employ-ment and Education Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PILOT PROGRAM TO PROVIDE EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO PHYSI-CIAN ASSISTANTS TO BE EMPLOYED AT THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to be known as the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive’’ or ‘‘G.O.O.D.’’ pilot program (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘pilot program’’) to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (2) I
NFORMATION ON PILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall provide information on the pilot program to eligible individuals under subsection (b), including information on ap-plication requirements and a list of entities with which the Secretary has partnered under subsection (g). (b) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—An individual is eligible to participate in the pilot program if the individual— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.025 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6541 July 28, 2017 
(1) has medical or military health experi-ence gained while serving as a member of the Armed Forces; (2) has received a certificate, associate de-gree, baccalaureate degree, master’s degree, or postbaccalaureate training in a science relating to health care; (3) is not eligible to participate in edu-cational assistance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or chapter 1606 or 1607 of title 10, United States Code; (4) has participated in the delivery of health care services or related medical serv-ices, including participation in military training relating to the identification, eval-uation, treatment, and prevention of dis-eases and disorders; and (5) does not have a degree of doctor of med-icine, doctor of osteopathy, or doctor of den-tistry. (c) D
URATION .—The pilot program shall be carried out during the five-year period begin-ning on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall select not less than 250 eligible individuals under subsection (b) to participate in the pilot pro-gram. (2) P
RIORITY FOR SELECTION .—In selecting individuals to participate in the pilot pro-gram under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to the following individ-uals: (A) Individuals who participated in the In-termediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department that was carried out by the Secretary between January 2011 and Feb-ruary 2015. (B) Individuals who agree to be employed as a physician assistant for the Veterans Health Administration at a medical facility of the Department located in a community that— (i) is designated as a medically under-served population under section 330(b)(3)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(b)(3)(A)); and (ii) is in a State with a per capita popu-lation of veterans of more than 9 percent ac-cording to the National Center for Veterans Analysis and Statistics and the United States Census Bureau. (e) E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall provide edu-cational assistance to individuals partici-pating in the pilot program, including through the use of scholarships, to cover the costs to such individuals of obtaining a mas-ter’s degree in physician assistant studies or a similar master’s degree. (2) U
SE OF EXISTING PROGRAMS .—In pro- viding educational assistance under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall use the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Health Profes-sionals Educational Assistance Program under chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, and such other educational assistance programs of the Department as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (3) U
SE OF SCHOLARSHIPS .—The Secretary shall provide not less than 35 scholarships under the pilot program to individuals par-ticipating in the pilot program during each year in which the pilot program is carried out. (f) P
ERIOD OF OBLIGATED SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with each individual par-ticipating in the pilot program in which such individual agrees to be employed as a physi-cian assistant for the Veterans Health Ad-ministration for a period of obligated service specified in paragraph (2). (2) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—With respect to each individual participating in the pilot pro-gram, the period of obligated service speci-fied in this paragraph for the individual is— (A) if the individual is participating in the pilot program through a program described in subsection (e)(2) that specifies a period of obligated service, the period specified with respect to such program; or (B) if the individual is participating in the pilot program other than through a program described in such subsection, or if such pro-gram does not specify a period of obligated service, a period of three years or such other period as the Secretary considers appro-priate for purposes of the pilot program. (g) BREACH .— (1) L
IABILITY .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), an individual who participates in the pilot program and fails to satisfy the pe-riod of obligated service under subsection (f) shall be liable to the United States, in lieu of such obligated service, for the amount that has been paid or is payable to or on behalf of the individual under the pilot program, re-duced by the proportion that the number of days served for completion of the period of obligated service bears to the total number of days in the period of obligated service of such individual. (2) E
XCEPTION .—If an individual is partici-pating in the pilot program through a pro-gram described in subsection (e)(2) that specifies a period of obligated service, the li-ability of the individual for failing to satisfy the period of obligated service under sub-section (f) shall be determined as specified with respect to such program. (h) M
ENTORS .—The Secretary shall ensure that a physician assistant mentor or men-tors are available for individuals partici-pating in the pilot program at each facility of the Veterans Health Administration at which a participant in the pilot program is employed. (i) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall seek to partner with the following: (1) Not less than 15 institutions of higher education that— (A) offer a master’s degree program in phy-sician assistant studies or a similar area of study that is accredited by the Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant; and (B) agree— (i) to guarantee seats in such master’s de-gree program for individuals participating in the pilot program who meet the entrance re-quirements for such master’s degree pro-gram; and (ii) to provide individuals participating in the pilot program with information on ad-missions criteria and the admissions process. (2) Other institutions of higher education that offer programs in physician assistant studies or other similar areas of studies that are accredited by the Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant. (3) The Transition Assistance Program of the Department of Defense. (4) The Veterans’ Employment and Train-ing Service of the Department of Labor. (5) Programs carried out under chapter 41 of title 38, United States Code, for the pur-pose of marketing and advertising the pilot program to veterans and members of the Armed Forces who may be interested in the pilot program. (j) A
DMINISTRATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .— For purposes of carrying out the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary shall appoint or select within the Office of Physician Assistant Services of the Veterans Health Administra-tion the following: (1) A Deputy Director for Education and Career Development of Physician Assistants who— (A) is a physician assistant, a veteran, and employed by the Department as of the date of the enactment of this Act; (B) is responsible for— (i) overseeing the pilot program; (ii) recruiting candidates to participate in the pilot program; (iii) coordinating with individuals partici-pating in the pilot program and assisting those individuals in applying and being ad-mitted to a master’s degree program under the pilot program; and (iv) providing information to eligible indi-viduals under subsection (b) with respect to the pilot program; and (C) may be employed in the field at a med-ical center of the Department. (2) A Deputy Director of Recruitment and Retention who— (A) is a physician assistant, a veteran, and employed by the Department as of the date of the enactment of this Act; (B) is responsible for— (i) identifying and coordinating the needs of the pilot program and assist the Secretary in providing mentors under subsection (h) to participants in the pilot program; and (ii) coordinating the staff of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration with re-spect to identifying employment positions and mentors under subsection (h) for partici-pants in the pilot program; and (C) may be employed in the field at a med-ical center of the Department. (3) A recruiter who— (A) reports directly to the Deputy Director of Recruitment and Retention; and (B) works with the Workforce Management and Consulting Office and the Healthcare Talent Management Office of the Veterans Health Administration to develop and imple-ment national recruiting strategic plans for the recruitment and retention of physician assistants within the Department. (4) An administrative assistant, com-pensated at a rate not less than level GS–6 of the General Schedule, or equivalent, who as-sists with administrative duties relating to the pilot program in the Office of Physician Assistant Services and such other duties as determined by the Secretary to ensure that the Office runs effectively and efficiently. (k) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in collabo-ration with the Secretary of Labor, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress a report on the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The extent to which the pilot program is effective in improving the ability of eligi-ble individuals under subsection (b) to be-come physician assistants; (B) An examination of whether the pilot program is achieving the goals of— (i) enabling individuals to build on medical skills gained as members of the Armed Forces by entering into the physician assist-ant workforce of the Department; and (ii) helping to meet the shortage of physi-cian assistants employed by the Department. (C) An identification of such modifications to the pilot program as the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services consider nec-essary to meet the goals described in sub-paragraph (B). (D) An assessment of whether the pilot program could serve as a model for other programs of the Department to assist indi-viduals in obtaining certification and em-ployment in other health care fields. (l) S
OURCE OF AMOUNTS .—Not less than $8,000,000 of the amount necessary to carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.011 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6542 July 28, 2017 
out the pilot program shall be derived from amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF STANDARDS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR USING EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS TO EDU-CATE AND HIRE PHYSICIAN ASSIST-ANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish standards de-scribed in subsection (b) to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Affairs of the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Pro-fessionals Educational Assistance Program under chapter 76 of title 38, United States Code, and other educational assistance pro-grams of the Department, including the pilot program under section 2, to educate and hire physician assistants of the Department. (b) S
TANDARDS .—The standards described in this subsection are the following: (1) Holding directors of medical centers of the Department accountable for failure to use the educational assistance programs de-scribed in subsection (a) and other incen-tives— (A) to advance employees of the Depart-ment in their education as physician assist-ants; and (B) to improve recruitment and retention of physician assistants. (2) Ensuring that the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Education Debt Reduction Pro-gram under subchapter VII of chapter 76 of such title is available for participants in the pilot program under section 2 to fill vacant physician assistant positions at the Depart-ment, including by— (A) including in all vacancy announce-ments for physician assistant positions the availability of the Education Debt Reduction Program; and (B) informing applicants to physician as-sistant positions of their eligibility for the Education Debt Reduction Program. (3) Monitoring compliance with the appli-cation process for educational assistance programs described in subsection (a) to en-sure that such programs are being fully uti-lized to carry out this section. (4) Creating programs, including through the use of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Employee Incentive Scholarship Pro-gram under subchapter VI of chapter 76 of such title, to encourage employees of the De-partment to apply to accredited physician assistant programs. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to carry out this section. 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR COL-LECTION OF FEES FOR HOUSING LOANS GUARANTEED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3729(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (4) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3262, as amended, the Grow Our Own Directive—or GOOD—Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2017. The PA profession has a long and sto-ried connection with veterans as the first class of PAs was primarily com-posed of Army medics and Navy corps-men who served in the Vietnam war. And I might add, when I did basic training at San Antonio, Texas, at Fort Sam, one of the first PA classes was there. Today, the Department of Veterans Affairs is the single largest employer of PAs in the country. Nevertheless, PAs are consistently identified as one of the top five professions where VA is experi-encing the largest staffing shortages. H.R. 3262, as amended, would help solve that by creating a pilot program to provide assistance to veterans who want to pursue education and training to become a PA and to serve their fel-low veterans by working at VA medical facilities. I am grateful to Congresswoman A
NN K
USTER for sponsoring this legislation and shepherding it through the legisla-tive process, and I am confident that it will go a long way in resolving existing PA recruitment and retention issues, ensuring that VA medical facilities are appropriately staffed with high-quality PAs and, in turn, increasing access to care for veteran patients. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3262, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. b1115 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 3262, as amended, the GOOD Act of 2017, which was introduced by a good friend, someone who has proven herself to be a dogged champion of veterans, the ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, Ms. K
USTER . This important piece of legis-lation will allow veterans who served as medics and corpsmen in the military to receive scholarships to train as phy-sician assistants. The VA has over 45,000 provider va-cancies to fill so that veterans are not waiting too long for care. In the United States, we face a provider shortage in general, especially in our rural commu-nities, where most veterans live. This bill will help address these critical shortages by providing veterans with an incredible opportunity to aid their communities and their fellow veterans. Ms. KUSTER ’s hard work on this legis-lation and on behalf of veterans is ad-mirable, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations on the full Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, for years, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs has seen many of its medical per-sonnel leave to pursue opportunities outside of the VA healthcare system, resulting in fewer healthcare providers and, ultimately, less access to care for our veterans. In the First District of Michigan, which I represent, we are largely a rural district, and our district and our veterans have suffered more than most on this. The GOOD Act utilizes a two-pronged approach to address VA’s continuing struggles in recruiting and retaining their physician assistant workforce. This bill creates a pilot program to provide that pathway for veterans to receive the education necessary to be-come a PA while, simultaneously, re-quiring the VA to establish a national strategic plan to recruit and retain a robust and long-term medical staff. Our veterans have given so much for our country at exceptional costs, and they deserve access to timely and high- quality healthcare from skilled profes-sionals. I am proud to join Ranking Member K
USTER from our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee in supporting this bipartisan legislation on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support the bill, H.R. 3262. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), the author of this piece of legislation, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleague, General B
ERGMAN , in support of our bill, H.R. 3262, the Grow Our Own Di-rective: Physician Assistant Employ-ment and Education Act of 2017. The Department of Veterans Affairs and the entire Nation are experiencing a shortage of quality physicians and healthcare providers. For doctors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.011 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6543 July 28, 2017 
alone, the Association of American Medical Colleges estimates that, by 2030, the country could face a doctor shortage of over 100,000 physicians. Ac-cess to care will only become a harder problem to solve the longer it takes to be addressed. Nonphysician providers, like physi-cian assistants, are an important part of the solution to this shortage. Physi-cian assistants are highly trained pro-viders that often focus their training on specialties like psychiatry, ortho-pedics, and internal medicine. It is fitting that my bill would help get more PAs into the VA to serve vet-erans. After all, the profession started when a small group of four Navy corps-men completed the first PA program started at Duke University. That first program was based on the fast-tracked training of doctors during World War II. Veterans and the military have al-ways been a part of the physician as-sistant profession. The PA workforce offers unique value to rural and underserved areas. In places like northern New Hampshire, in my district, PAs help resolve shortages for family physicians and primary care physicians, shortages that have existed for decades. My bill would leverage the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to improve access to quality care for veterans and rural locations alike. It would create a pilot scholarship program that awards no less than 250 scholarships over 5 years to PAs. Currently, the VA has approximately 2,000 PAs. My bill would increase the PA workforce at the VA by over 10 per-cent. In exchange for these scholarships, PAs would be required to work at the VA, and their placement would be fo-cused on sending providers to rural and underserved areas. We know that if a provider is placed in New Hampshire, they tend to stay there. This bill would also help get veterans with medical training in the workforce and with good-paying jobs. It is crucial that we help our veterans find excel-lent career paths that utilize the skills they learned while in the military serv-ice, and it is an added bonus that these veterans get to take care of their brothers and sisters in arms. The final provision in my bill was in-cluded in the Choice funding bill we de-bated just moments ago. This provision would provide PAs in the VA with com-petitive pay based on the community they serve. This provision is crucial be-cause it helps recruit and retain these critical providers. The GAO recently reported that PAs experience the high-est loss rate of any critical occupation, higher than doctors and nurse practi-tioners. I would like to applaud my col-leagues for coming together in a bipar-tisan way to craft the Choice funding bill. Not only will the bill fund the Choice Program for another 6 months, but it includes a number of important reforms that will improve service for all of our veterans. These provisions in-clude improved authority for hiring in job shortage areas, measures to in-crease accountability within the VA, and my provision to boost the pay of PAs. I would like to thank my esteemed colleague on the House Veterans Af-fairs’ Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, Chairman Bergman. His support for this legislation was crucial to its passage today. I thank our chair-man, Dr. R
OE, and our ranking mem-ber. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to immediately pass this bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, as you heard, I urge my colleagues to support this smart piece of legislation. But I would like to close by adding, also, a thank-you to the chairman and to the majority side, once again showing bi-partisanship offering two bills intro-duced by our side of the aisle that are being heard here on the floor which can be signed into law. It is greatly appre-ciated. It shows that the care of vet-erans always comes first. We on the minority side are appreciative of that courtesy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I certainly support this bill, and I want to thank both General B
ERGMAN and Ms. K USTER . We made a trip to Afghanistan together a couple of years ago. She has a dogged—and I will say ‘‘dogged’’—commitment to the veterans in her district and to this country, and I want to thank her for bringing this piece of legislation up. I believe it will make a difference, I truly do, when it is implemented. And I want to thank the ranking member, and his staff and mine, for bringing a lot of pieces of legislation to the House floor in the last couple of weeks. This week, especially, we have had some success here, and that means veterans had success. Certainly, the post-9/11 GI Bill that was passed this week is an enormous bill and will do good generations after no one ever re-members who was on this floor debat-ing that bill. So I want to thank them and thank my colleagues and wish ev-eryone a safe recess and a healthy re-cess. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3262, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM WAR MEMORIAL ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 873) to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 873 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MEMORIAL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION TOESTABLISH COM-
MEMORATIVE WORK.—The Association may establish the National Global War on Ter-rorism Memorial as a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces that served on active duty in support of the Glob-al War on Terrorism. (b) C
OMPLIANCE WITHSTANDARDS FOR COM-
MEMORATIVE WORKS ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph 2, the establishment of the memo-rial under this section shall be in accordance with chapter 89 of title 40, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Commemo-rative Works Act’’). (2) N
ON-APPLICABILITY .—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 8903 of title 40, United States Code, shall not apply to this Act. (c) U
SE OF FEDERAL FUNDS PROHIBITED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Federal funds may not be used to pay any expense of the establishment of the memorial under this section. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF ASSOCIATION .—The Association shall be solely responsible for acceptance of contributions for, and pay-ment of the expenses of, the establishment of the memorial. (d) D
EPOSIT OF EXCESS FUNDS .—If, on pay-ment of all expenses for the establishment of the memorial (including the maintenance and preservation amount required by section 8906(b)(1) of title 40, United States Code), or on expiration of the authority for the memo-rial under section 8903(e) of title 40, United States Code, there remains a balance of funds received for the establishment of the memorial, the Association shall transmit the amount of the balance to the Secretary of the Interior for deposit in the account pro-vided for in section 8906(b)(3) of title 40, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
SSOCIATION .—The term ‘‘Association’’ means the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation, a corporation that is— (A) organized under the laws of the State of Pennsylvania; and (B) described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.029 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6544 July 28, 2017 
(2) D ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND ITS ENVI -
RONS .—The term ‘‘District of Columbia and its environs’’ has the meaning given that term in section 8902(a) of title 40, United States Code. (3) G
LOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘Global War on Terrorism’’ means any con-tingency operation conducted by the Armed Forces in response to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, or other terrorist attack. (4) M
EMORIAL .—The term ‘‘memorial’’ means the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial authorized to be established under section 2. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 873, the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act, au-thored by Congressman M
IKEGALLA -
GHER of Wisconsin, would authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foun-dation to begin the lengthy Commemo-rative Works Act process to establish a Global War on Terrorism Memorial on Federal land in the District of Colum-bia. The memorial will recognize and honor the men and women who have served on Active Duty in the United States Armed Forces since the attack on our country on September 11, 2001. The global war on terrorism is the longest conflict ever fought by the United States, and there is still no end in sight. We can and should debate the policies that have prolonged this war and denied our troops the full might and resources of our Nation. But one thing is far above and beyond any de-bate, and that is the heroism, selfless-ness, devotion, and patriotism of the men and women of our Nation who stepped forward from the safety, secu-rity, and comfort of hearth and home and into harm’s way when our Nation called. The Commemorative Works Act re-quires that a war be ended for at least 10 years before planning can commence on a national memorial. There is good reason for this requirement: it gives history the insight to place the war in an historic context and to begin to fully appreciate its full significance to our country and future generations. But the war on terrorism has been fought in a decidedly different way than our past wars. We are now ap-proaching the 16th anniversary of the attack on New York and Washington. The veterans who sacrificed so much to keep that war away from our shores de-serve some tangible and lasting tribute to their patriotism and altruism while they, their families, and their fellow countrymen can know it. The Gold Star families of our fallen heroes for whom the war will never end deserve some assurance that their sons and daughters will never be forgotten by a grateful Nation. We should remember that many of our Nation’s heroes from World War II never lived to see the completion of the World War II Memorial, which was completed 59 years after the end of that conflict. For these reasons, this measure sus-pends the 10-year period in current law. It doesn’t repeal it. It merely sets it aside for the unique circumstances of the current war on terrorism. I am confident that the Memorial Commission will respect and appre-ciate the fact that many may have yet to serve in this war, and history has not yet had time to reflect on its sig-nificance to our Nation and, indeed, to the future of Western civilization. I am sure the design they recommend will respect these facts and provide signifi-cant latitude for the completion of the memorial after this bane of Islamic terrorism has been extirpated from our planet and the long-suffering people of the Middle East have been liberated from it by the brave fighting men and women of the United States Armed Forces that this memorial will honor and thank. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a July 28, 2017, letter from the Congres-sional Budget Office providing a cost estimate for this bill. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, July 28, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 873, the Global War on Ter-rorism War Memorial Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Janani Shankaran. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY , (For Keith Hall, Director). Enclosure. H.R. 873—G
LOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM WAR M
EMORIAL ACT As ordered reported by the House Committee on Natural Resources on July 26, 2017 H.R. 873 would authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation, a non-profit organization, to establish a memorial in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate members of the armed forces who served on active duty in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Because H.R. 873 would prohibit the use of federal funds to establish the memorial, CBO estimates that implementing the legislation would result in no significant costs to the federal government. Enacting H.R. 873 would affect direct spending; therefore, pay-as-you-go proce-dures apply. The memorial project would be subject to the requirements of the Com-memorative Works Act. Under that act, any entity that receives a permit to construct a memorial must donate to the National Park Foundation (a nonprofit organization) an amount equal to 10 percent of the memorial’s estimated construction cost. That amount, as well as any project funds remaining after construction of the memorial, would be available in future years for maintenance of the memorial. Based on the experience of similar com-memorative projects, CBO expects that any amounts collected by the federal government for maintenance would not be received for several years and would be offset by an ex-penditure soon thereafter. On net, CBO esti-mates that such effects would be insignifi-cant. Enacting the bill would not affect reve-nues. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 873 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 873 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would impose no costs on state, local, or tribal gov-ernments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Janani Shankaran. The estimate was ap-proved by Theresa A. Gullo, Assistant Direc-tor for Budget Analysis. Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in favor of the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act. This act will ini-tiate the process for constructing a me-morial to the brave men and women of the Armed Forces who have fought and, too often, died for this country in the wake of the September 11 attacks. As a veteran of the Iraq war, I am ex-tremely proud to be on the floor today as we memorialize the bravest and best of Americans: the ones who volun-teered to put themselves in harm’s way and did not come back. I want to commend my fellow Ma-rines, Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. G ALLA -
GHER , for sponsoring this act. As you know, Mr. Speaker, it takes a lot for an enlisted marine like me to speak very highly of any officer, let alone Marine Corps officers, but there are al-ways exceptions. Mr. Speaker, as we consider this leg-islation, I hope every Member of this body will take a quiet moment today to think about the courageous men and women we have lost over the past 16 years. When I cast my vote today, I know I will be thinking about my close friends, including Corporal Andre Wil-liams and Lance Corporal Christopher Lyons, who died 12 years ago today in Cykla, Iraq. This memorial will honor thousands of our countrymen who have been killed and wounded in Iraq and around the world. It will memorialize the serv-ice of those who have survived the bat-tle only to fall victim to the mental and emotional demons of post-trau-matic stress. And it will represent a token of thanks to the family and friends who have served by supporting their loved ones in uniform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.012 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6545 July 28, 2017 
b1130 For as long as this memorial stands, it will continue the proud tradition of America honoring its sons and daugh-ters who have given their last full measure of devotion. I look forward to commencing design and to the day when the memorial passes from an idea on a piece of paper to a landmark on the National Mall. I thank Congressman M
OULTON and Congressman G
ALLAGHER for their re-marks. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ), the author of this meas-ure, one of the many thousands of Americans who stepped forward to an-swer their country’s call. Mr. G
ALLAGHER . Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue, for working with us, and I ask that he please extend our thanks to every member of the Natural Resources Committee for its effort in getting this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the gen-tleman from Arizona for his words and for his service. It is my honor to call him my fellow marine. As an officer, I did my best just not to get in the way of my enlisted marines, who were doing the real work. Maybe we can bring some of that same ethos here to Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bill that honors our post-9/11 veterans and secures their rightful place in our Nation’s Capital. Earlier this summer, I had the honor of welcoming a group of American he-roes who journeyed from northeast Wisconsin to Washington, D.C., aboard the Old Glory Honor Flight. That is one of the truly incredible things we get to do as Members of Congress. Just to watch generation after gen-eration of veterans representing every major conflict since World War II vis-iting the very memorials that honor their sacrifice, their service, their com-mitment, their courage in those con-flicts was one of the most remarkable experiences of my life. Just as these veterans visited their respective memorials, so, too, should the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve in the on-going war on terrorism have a memo-rial one day to honor their courage, their sacrifice, their commitment. But as the chairman laid out, current law does not allow for the creation for a memorial for the war on terror. The 1986 Commemorative Works Act requires that monuments in honor of a ‘‘. . . limited military engagement or a unit of an armed force may not be au-thorized . . . until at least 10 years after the officially designated end of such war or conflict.’’ But as we know, this is a conflict un-like many others that have preceded it. This war will have no clear end date, no V Day or V-J Day. Threats continue to rise, so the longest ongoing conflict in our Nation’s history continues. After 15 years, after over 6,800 Amer-ican lives lost, there is still no end in sight. So this memorial is for the men and women who have died fighting, those who continue to fight, those who are still joining the fight against ter-rorism. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a second to recognize the dedicated members of the Global War on Ter-rorism Memorial Foundation, many of whom are with us here today, espe-cially Andrew Brennan, George Chewning, Chad Longell, and Matt Gannon. They have been tireless in their commitment to getting this done. Today we are taking an important step forward, but we still need to get it across the finish line, so I want to rec-ognize their efforts. I just want to say, Mr. Speaker, like most, I struggle with how to truly honor the men and women whose sac-rifices far exceed my own. I was lucky. I had great marines that kept me safe, and we all came home safe. But my hope is that this memorial will serve as not only a way to honor those who paid the ultimate sacrifices, but also as a call to action for us, the living. I believe that those we will pay trib-ute to through this memorial didn’t risk everything just so we would sit back and praise them for keeping us safe. I would submit to you that the fallen don’t want our praise. They want our participation in this incredible ex-periment in self-government. If we are going to continue passing the torch of democracy from one gen-eration to the next, then we need to build this memorial so that future gen-erations never forget their duty to do the same, so that future generations never forget the cost of liberty. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to support this legislation to memori-alize the service of the brave men and women who have fought in the global war on terrorism. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ). Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Wisconsin and Ari-zona. It is an honor to stand here as fellow marines in support of this bill today. Today is a big day. It is a milestone in a journey that we started over a year ago. We are taking a major legis-lative step in the direction of creating a memorial honoring those who have served on Active Duty during the glob-al war on terrorism. For many, like my colleagues, this bill is personal. None of us will forget where we were on September 11, 2001, and we all continue to live with the aftermath of that tragic day in Amer-ican history. It is important to note that the trag-ic events of 9/11 and the war on terror to follow did not leave us isolated and afraid as a nation. Rather, in true American fashion, they inspired an en-tire generation to come together and serve. So many young men and women self-lessly answered the call to serve their country in the wake of that tragedy, and I would like to share just one story with you about someone from my dis-trict who would be on this memorial. Captain Jennifer Harris lived in the town of Swampscott. She was a grad-uate of the United States Naval Acad-emy, and, sadly, became the first Mas-sachusetts woman killed in the Iraq war. Jennifer was the epitome of leader-ship and sacrifice. On flying missions, she had the call sign ‘‘The Dove.’’ She would often be called to evacuate our wounded soldiers and marines from the battlefield. Captain Harris’ final mission was to transport blood supplies. She willingly volunteered for it even though she was only just days away from returning home. In fact, she was initially told: No. You are too close to leaving. Don’t go. 
But she said: 
I want to fly one more time. 
Her superiors reluctantly agreed. Captain Harris died on February 7, along with six other crew members after insurgents shot down her heli-copter. In her twenties, with a bright future ahead of her, Captain Harris was on her third tour of duty in Iraq. I can’t help but think today of my grandfather, a World War II veteran. He never got to see the WWII Memorial in his lifetime. He was never afforded the opportunity to have some place to take his family to reflect on his time in the service or remember his col-leagues who did not have the oppor-tunity to come home. Let’s not let that history repeat itself. The men and women who have given their all in the war on terror should be afforded a place on the Na-tional Mall where their loved ones can pay respects and honor their sacrifice. Passage of this bill is an important first step in seeing this memorial built in our lifetime. Let’s get this done for Captain Jen-nifer Harris and the thousands of oth-ers like her who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice for our country. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in the strongest support possible for this bill to begin the process of establishing a memorial to honor the servicemembers of our longest war. 5,799 days ago, on a crystal blue Sep-tember morning, we came face to face with an evil as old as time. Within days, our military was engaged, and within weeks, we sustained our first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.034 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6546 July 28, 2017 
casualties. Our latest loss happened this very month. They came from every walk of Amer-ican life, from the North, the South, the East, the West, every race, color, and creed, men and women. The memorial authorized in this bill will allow the Nation to remember not only those who did not come home, but also those with life-changing injuries, visible and invisible, the incomprehen-sible and too often unnoticed stress on the spouses and children of those de-ployed, and the sacrifices of those who put their stateside lives on hold to serve. Mr. Speaker, amidst the divisions in our country today, we need this memo-rial now more than ever, yes, to re-member our fallen, but also to bind us together as we reflect upon their sac-rifice for the transcendent ideals upon which this country was founded. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, the gentleman from Arizona, and the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts for their work on this legis-lation and for their service to our country. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ANETTA ). To show our bi-partisan nature, we are going to allow somebody from the Army to speak also on this bill. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, but like a typical marine, he actually got it wrong. I was actually in the Navy. Mr. GALLEGO. That is worse. Mr. PANETTA. I was a Navy officer. I am sure that was on purpose. So standing here actually as a Navy officer, being asked to address this bill, H.R. 873, and to support this bill, being asked by a bunch of marines is a true honor, and it is very humbling at the same time. Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support of H.R. 873, the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act, to create the foun-dation, which will then provide for the Global War on Terrorism Memorial right here on the National Mall. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
ALLEGO  from Arizona; Mr. M
OULTON from Mas-sachusetts; and, of course, Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER from Wisconsin, my classmate here in the 115th Congress, a fellow freshman. Again, it is quite a privilege to stand here with these fellow vet-erans as peers, but also as a true sign of bipartisanship in the House of Rep-resentatives. Now, I had remarks prepared yester-day to address the House about this topic, but last night I went to Arling-ton National Cemetery. I took my two daughters, who are here in town. We saw what people normally see, the changing of the guard, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, the tomb of Presi-dent Kennedy. But I made it a point to go to area 60, the area where there are many recent interments from the peo-ple, from our veterans, from our breth-ren, who have served in the global war on terrorism. On that hallowed ground, I made it a point to seek out someone I served with, a gentleman by the name of Brendan Looney. I served with Mr. Looney in Korea. He was an intel-ligence officer back then. Both of us made sure that we wanted to do more. I went forward, but Brendan Looney wanted to do more than just that: he wanted to become a SEAL, and he did. He served in Iraq and he served in Af-ghanistan. It was in 2010 when the Blackhawk he was riding in went down and crashed, killing everybody on-board. Now, Brendan is interred in area 60 at Arlington National Cemetery right along with his brethren, with his brother in arms, Travis Manion. I looked at Travis Manion’s tombstone, and on that tombstone is a quote that I would like to share. On that tomb-stone, it says: If not me, then who? 
And right next to Mr. Manion’s tombstone was another 19-year-old who was interred there, a veteran of the global war on terrorism. And on his tombstone was a quote that I would like to share. It said: 
I just want to do my part. 
Mr. Speaker, it is this attitude that was inscribed on those tombstones which is the attitude of this generation of veterans who served in the global war on terrorism, my generation, our generation, men and women who didn’t step back; instead, they stepped for-ward. They didn’t just step forward; they ran forward, they ran to the fight. Now, also at Arlington National Cemetery was another quote that I would like to share, and it was from John F. Kennedy. The quote that they had up there by his tomb was from one of his speeches, in which he stated: 
In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of de-fending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsi-bility. I welcome it. 
b1145 The men and women who served in the global war on terrorism did not shrink from that responsibility. They did not run away. They ran forward. So, Mr. Speaker, I believe that it is important to have this memorial be-cause the families, the friends, the men and women of this country should not just have to go to cemeteries to honor those who served and paid the ultimate sacrifice. That is why I stand here, Mr. Speaker, in full support of the memo-rial here on the National Mall to not just honor, but to celebrate the service and the sacrifice of the veterans of the global war on terrorism. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ), who has brought this legislation before us today. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to quickly add my thanks to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ), who started this effort in the last Congress with another col-league of ours, and I was fortunate enough to join that team when I ar-rived here. Without his dedication from the start, we would not be at this mo-ment today. I would also thank him for his exam-ple of leadership in the Marine Corps and in Congress, which has inspired a generation of marines like myself. And while we don’t agree on everything, we always look for ways to work together. It is my belief in just listening to these speeches, particularly from the veterans who serve in Congress, that there is so much that we can work to-gether on; and there are forces that are trying to divide us, but there is still so much that we can agree upon. So while this may seem like a small step, I would submit that this is big. And I hope this is the beginning of more work that we can do on behalf of the country, and that is what it should be about at the end of the day. So I just thank all of my colleagues. I thank the chairman for his help. I couldn’t be more proud that, in a di-vided time, we came together to do something good on behalf of past gen-erations of veterans and on behalf of the next generation. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I thank Congressman G
ALLA -
GHER , Congressman M OULTON , and all of the veterans who have sponsored this bill in remembrance of our broth-ers and sisters from the global war on terrorism. I would like to speak a couple more minutes just because I rarely have the opportunity to speak about the guys that I served with. It was a group called Lima 325 out of Ohio. It was one of the best groups of men who I prob-ably have ever met. We were nice young men from New Mexico that were suddenly added to these country boys and city boys from Ohio and sent to the middle of nowhere, Iraq. And from there, we saw a lot of combat. We lost a lot of friends. In section 60, many of us veterans have this tradition where we go and we put our quarters on the headstones of the men we served with. And I, unfor-tunately, have to put down a lot of quarters. But one of the things that I will al-ways remember is that this unit, Lima 325, really brought people from all walks of life in America. You had Afri-can Americans, you had country boys from Ohio, you had Navajo from the Navajo Nation and other parts of our Tribal Nations, you had Latinos. We even taught some of the Ohio boys how to cook since they don’t real-ly have good taste. We introduced them to the idea of green chili, which I have heard has now taken off in Oliver, Ohio. And we lived together for 7 months, going from house to house, from hole to hole. And even today, though many of us cannot see each other, we still live with each other in our spirits and in our souls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.035 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6547 July 28, 2017 
These types of memorials matter. For many of us, this generation is not the generation that served together on a base. Many of us actually served from different parts of the world. We dropped our jobs and what we were doing, our school sometimes, to join in, leave our families, leave the comfort and safety of the United States to go and defend what we believed was im-portant to this country and to honor our commitment. Sometimes it is these types of memo-rials that are the only thing that actu-ally bring us together. I recently was lucky enough to have my 10-year re-union with the guys from Lima Com-pany, and that is the first time I had seen many men that I had lived with for so long. It was a very inspiring as well as moving, and really consoling thing for me. I believe that having a memorial of this nature would be extremely impor-tant for many men and women to be able to see, to be able to come and maybe not necessarily physically meet with their partners, with their com-rades, but to at least be able to spir-itually have a place to meet with their comrades, with the people that they served with in arms. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. With this vote, we will begin pro-ceeding on this memorial and begin a process of planning a great work to honor the bravery, sacrifice, and patri-otism to those who have defended Western civilization from the medieval barbarism that has reappeared in our time. But even more importantly, we begin work on a tangible promise for future generations, a promise animated by the heroic deeds of these veterans, the promise of a coming age of liberty and justice, of peace and tolerance that will surely come. I ask for adoption of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 873. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 481, I call up the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 481, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 3180 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 102. Classified Schedule of Authorizations. Sec. 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments. Sec. 104. Intelligence Community Management Account. TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 202. Computation of annuities for employ-ees of the Central Intelligence Agency. TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS Sec. 301. Restriction on conduct of intelligence activities. Sec. 302. Increase in employee compensation and benefits authorized by law. Sec. 303. Congressional oversight of intelligence community contractors. Sec. 304. Enhanced personnel security pro-grams. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National Intelligence Sec. 401. Authority for protection of current and former employees of the Of-fice of the Director of National Intelligence. Sec. 402. Designation of the program manager- information sharing environment. Sec. 403. Technical correction to the executive schedule. Subtitle B—Other Elements Sec. 411. Requirements relating to appointment of General Counsel of National Security Agency. Sec. 412. Transfer or elimination of certain com-ponents and functions of the De-fense Intelligence Agency. Sec. 413. Technical amendments related to the Department of Energy. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES Sec. 501. Assessment of significant Russian in-fluence campaigns directed at for-eign elections and referenda. Sec. 502. Foreign counterintelligence and cyber-security threats to Federal elec-tion campaigns. Sec. 503. Assessment of threat finance relating to the Russian Federation. TITLE VI—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 601. Period of overseas assignments for cer-tain foreign service officers. Sec. 602. Semiannual reports on investigations of unauthorized public disclosures of classified information. Sec. 603. Intelligence community reports on se-curity clearances. Sec. 604. Report on expansion of Security Pro-tective Services jurisdiction. Sec. 605. Report on role of Director of National Intelligence with respect to cer-tain foreign investments. Sec. 606. Report on Cyber Exchange Program. Sec. 607. Review of intelligence community par-ticipation in vulnerabilities equi-ties process. Sec. 608. Review of Intelligence Community whistleblower matters. Sec. 609. Sense of Congress on notifications of certain disclosures of classified in-formation. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means— (A) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘in-telligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the following elements of the United States Government: (1) The Office of the Director of National In-telligence. (2) The Central Intelligence Agency. (3) The Department of Defense. (4) The Defense Intelligence Agency. (5) The National Security Agency. (6) The Department of the Army, the Depart-ment of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force. (7) The Coast Guard. (8) The Department of State. (9) The Department of the Treasury. (10) The Department of Energy. (11) The Department of Justice. (12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. (13) The Drug Enforcement Administration. (14) The National Reconnaissance Office. (15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. (16) The Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-TIONS. 
(a) S PECIFICATIONS OF AMOUNTS .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated under section 101 and, subject to section 103, the au-thorized personnel ceilings as of September 30, 2018, for the conduct of the intelligence activi-ties of the elements listed in paragraphs (1) through (16) of section 101, are those specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations pre-pared to accompany this Act. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF  A
UTHORIZATIONS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY .—The classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available to the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the President. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT .—Subject to paragraph (3), the President shall provide for suitable distribution of the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in subsection (a), or of appropriate portions of such Schedule, within the executive branch. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.037 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6548 July 28, 2017 
(3) L IMITS ON DISCLOSURE .—The President shall not publicly disclose the classified Sched-ule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— (A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Commis-sion Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a)); (B) to the extent necessary to implement the budget; or (C) as otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 103. PERSONNEL CEILING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR INCREASES .—The Director of National Intelligence may authorize employ-ment of civilian personnel in excess of the num-ber authorized for fiscal year 2018 by the classi-fied Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) if the Director of National Intel-ligence determines that such action is necessary to the performance of important intelligence functions, except that the number of personnel employed in excess of the number authorized under such section may not, for any element of the intelligence community, exceed 3 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized under such schedule for such element. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL .—The Director of National Intelligence shall establish guidelines that govern, for each element of the intelligence community, the treatment under the personnel levels authorized under section 102(a), including any exemption from such personnel levels, of employment or assignment in— (1) a student program, trainee program, or similar program; (2) a reserve corps or as a reemployed annu-itant; or (3) details, joint duty, or long-term, full-time training. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  C
OMMITTEES .—The Director of National Intel-ligence shall notify the congressional intel-ligence committees in writing at least 15 days prior to each exercise of an authority described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-MENT ACCOUNT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of National Intelligence for fiscal year 2018 the sum of $526,900,000. Within such amount, funds identified in the classified Sched-ule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) for advanced research and development shall remain available until September 30, 2019. (b) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .—The ele- ments within the Intelligence Community Man-agement Account of the Director of National In-telligence are authorized 804 positions as of Sep-tember 30, 2018. Personnel serving in such ele-ments may be permanent employees of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence or per-sonnel detailed from other elements of the United States Government. (c) C
LASSIFIED AUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Intelligence Community Manage-ment Account by subsection (a), there are au-thorized to be appropriated for the Intelligence Community Management Account for fiscal year 2018 such additional amounts as are specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations re-ferred to in section 102(a). Such additional amounts made available for advanced research and development shall remain available until September 30, 2019. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL .—In addi- tion to the personnel authorized by subsection (b) for elements of the Intelligence Community Management Account as of September 30, 2018, there are authorized such additional personnel for the Community Management Account as of that date as are specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a). TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability Fund for fiscal year 2018 the sum of $514,000,000. 
SEC. 202. COMPUTATION OF ANNUITIES FOR EM-PLOYEES OF THE CENTRAL INTEL-LIGENCE AGENCY. 
(a) C OMPUTATION OF ANNUITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 221 of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2031) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘, as determined by using the annual rate of basic pay that would be payable for full-time service in that position.’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘12- month’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’; (C) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘one year’’ and inserting ‘‘two years’’; (D) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘one year’’ each place such term appears and insert-ing ‘‘two years’’; (E) by redesignating subsections (h), (i), (j), (k), and (l) as subsections (i), (j), (k), (l), and (m), respectively; and (F) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) C
ONDITIONAL ELECTION OF INSURABLE IN-
TEREST SURVIVOR ANNUITY BY PARTICIPANTS  M
ARRIED AT THE TIME OF RETIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO MAKE DESIGNATION .—Sub- ject to the rights of former spouses under sub-section (b) and section 222, at the time of retire-ment a married participant found by the Direc-tor to be in good health may elect to receive an annuity reduced in accordance with subsection (f)(1)(B) and designate in writing an individual having an insurable interest in the participant to receive an annuity under the system after the participant’s death, except that any such elec-tion to provide an insurable interest survivor annuity to the participant’s spouse shall only be effective if the participant’s spouse waives the spousal right to a survivor annuity under this Act. The amount of the annuity shall be equal to 55 percent of the participant’s reduced annu-ity. ‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN PARTICIPANT ’S ANNUITY .— The annuity payable to the participant making such election shall be reduced by 10 percent of an annuity computed under subsection (a) and by an additional 5 percent for each full 5 years the designated individual is younger than the participant. The total reduction under this sub-paragraph may not exceed 40 percent. ‘‘(3) C
OMMENCEMENT OF SURVIVOR ANNUITY .— The annuity payable to the designated indi-vidual shall begin on the day after the retired participant dies and terminate on the last day of the month before the designated individual dies. ‘‘(4) R
ECOMPUTATION OF PARTICIPANT ’S ANNU -
ITY ON DEATH OF DESIGNATED INDIVIDUAL .—An annuity which is reduced under this subsection shall, effective the first day of the month fol-lowing the death of the designated individual, be recomputed and paid as if the annuity had not been so reduced.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIRE -
MENT ACT .—The Central Intelligence Agency Re-tirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.) is amend-ed— (i) in section 232(b)(1) (50 U.S.C. 2052(b)(1)), by striking ‘‘221(h),’’ and inserting ‘‘221(i),’’; and (ii) in section 252(h)(4) (50 U.S.C. 2082(h)(4)), by striking ‘‘221(k)’’ and inserting ‘‘221(l)’’. (B) C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ACT OF  
1949.—Subsection (a) of section 14 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3514(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘221(h)(2), 221(i), 221(l),’’ and inserting ‘‘221(i)(2), 221(j), 221(m),’’. (b) ANNUITIES FOR FORMER SPOUSES .—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 222(b)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2032(b)(5)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘one year’’ and inserting ‘‘two years’’. (c) P
RIOR SERVICE CREDIT .—Subparagraph (A) of section 252(b)(3) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2082(b)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 1990’’ both places that term appears and insert-ing ‘‘March 31, 1991’’. (d) R
EEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION .—Section 273 of the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment Act (50 U.S.C. 2113) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) P
ART-TIME REEMPLOYED ANNUITANTS .— The Director shall have the authority to reem-ploy an annuitant in a part-time basis in ac-cordance with section 8344(l) of title 5, United States Code.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsection (a)(1)(A) and subsection (c) shall take effect as if enacted on October 28, 2009, and shall apply to computa-tions or participants, respectively, as of such date. TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS 
SEC. 301. RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF INTEL-LIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Con-stitution or the laws of the United States. 
SEC. 302. INCREASE IN EMPLOYEE COMPENSA-TION AND BENEFITS AUTHORIZED BY LAW. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for sal-ary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Fed-eral employees may be increased by such addi-tional or supplemental amounts as may be nec-essary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
SEC. 303. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY CONTRAC-TORS. 
(a) O VERSIGHT BY CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title V of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.) is amend-ed by inserting after section 506J the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 506K. OVERSIGHT OF INTELLIGENCE COM-MUNITY CONTRACTORS. 
‘‘Notwithstanding the terms of any contract awarded by the head of an element of the intel-ligence community, the head may not— ‘‘(1) prohibit a contractor of such element from contacting or meeting with either of the congressional intelligence committees (including a member or an employee thereof) to discuss matters relating to a contract; ‘‘(2) take any adverse action against a con-tractor of such element, including by sus-pending or debarring the contractor or termi-nating a contract, based on the contractor con-tacting or meeting with either of the congres-sional intelligence committees (including a mem-ber or an employee thereof) to discuss matters relating to a contract; or ‘‘(3) require the approval of the head before a contractor of such element contacts or meets with either of the congressional intelligence committees (including a member or an employee thereof) to discuss matters relating to a con-tract.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 506J the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 506K. Oversight of intelligence community contractors.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.013 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6549 July 28, 2017 
(b) A PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply with respect to a contract awarded by the head of an element of the intelligence community on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. ENHANCED PERSONNEL SECURITY PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 11001(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
UDIT’’ and inserting ‘‘R EVIEW ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘audit’’ and inserting ‘‘review’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘audit’’ and inserting ‘‘review’’. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National Intelligence 
SEC. 401. AUTHORITY FOR PROTECTION OF CUR-RENT AND FORMER EMPLOYEES OF THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
Section 5(a)(4) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3506(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘such personnel of the Of-fice of the Director of National Intelligence as the Director of National Intelligence may des-ignate;’’ and inserting ‘‘current and former per-sonnel of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and their immediate families as the Director of National Intelligence may des-ignate;’’. 
SEC. 402. DESIGNATION OF THE PROGRAM MAN-AGER-INFORMATION SHARING ENVI-RONMENT. 
(a) I NFORMATION SHARING ENVIRONMENT .— Section 1016(b) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘President’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intel-ligence’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘President’’ both places that term appears and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intelligence’’. (b) P
ROGRAM MANAGER .—Section 1016(f) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘The individual designated as the pro-gram manager shall serve as program manager until removed from service or replaced by the President (at the President’s sole discretion).’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning on the date of the en-actment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, each individual designated as the program manager shall be appointed by the Director of National Intelligence.’’. 
SEC. 403. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO THE EXEC-UTIVE SCHEDULE. 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security.’’. Subtitle B—Other Elements 
SEC. 411. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO AP-POINTMENT OF GENERAL COUNSEL OF NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the National Se-curity Agency Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–36; 50 U.S.C. 3602) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) There is a General Counsel of the Na-tional Security Agency. ‘‘(2) The General Counsel of the National Se-curity Agency shall be appointed by the Presi-dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 2 of the National Security Agency Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–36; 50 U.S.C. 3602) shall apply with respect to any person who is ap-pointed to serve as General Counsel of the Na-tional Security Agency on or after January 21, 2021. SEC. 412. TRANSFER OR ELIMINATION OF CER-TAIN COMPONENTS AND FUNCTIONS OF THE DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. 
(a) I NFORMATION REVIEW TASKFORCE.— (1) T
RANSFER REQUIRED .—Effective on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, there is transferred from the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff all functions performed by the Information Review Task Force and all assigned responsibilities per-formed by the Information Review Task Force. Upon such transfer, such Task Force shall be designated as a chairman’s controlled activity. (2) T
RANSITION PLAN .— (A) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly brief the congressional intel-ligence committees and the congressional de-fense committees on the plan to carry out the transfer required under paragraph (1). (B) S
UBMITTAL OF FORMAL PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees a formal plan for the trans-fer required under paragraph (1). (3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—The Direc-tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency may not obligate or expend any funds authorized to be appropriated for the Information Review Task Force for fiscal year 2018 after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Any such funds that are unobligated or un-expended as of such date shall be transferred to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (b) I
DENTITY INTELLIGENCE PROJECT OFFICE .— (1) E
LIMINATION .—Effective on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall eliminate the Identity Intelligence Project Office, including all functions and as-signed responsibilities performed by the Identity Intelligence Project Office. All personnel and assets pertaining to such Office shall be trans-ferred to other elements of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, as determined by the Director. (2) T
RANSITION PLAN .— (A) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall brief the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense com-mittees on the plan to carry out the elimination required under paragraph (1). (B) S
UBMITTAL OF FORMAL PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees and the congressional de-fense committees a formal plan for the elimi-nation required under paragraph (1). (3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—The Direc-tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency may not obligate or expend any funds authorized to be appropriated for the Identity Intelligence Project Office for fiscal year 2018 after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Any such funds that are unobli-gated or unexpended as of such date shall be transferred to other elements of the Defense In-telligence Agency, as determined by the Direc-tor. (c) W
ATCHLISTING BRANCH .— (1) T
RANSFER REQUIRED .—Effective on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, there is transferred from the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to the Director for Intelligence of the Joint Staff all functions and all assigned responsibilities performed by the Watchlisting Branch. (2) T
RANSITION PLAN .— (A) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Director for Intelligence of the Joint Staff shall jointly brief the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees on the plan to carry out the transfer required under paragraph (1). (B) SUBMITTAL OF FORMAL PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Director for Intelligence of the Joint Staff shall jointly submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees and the congres-sional defense committees a formal plan for the transfer required under paragraph (1). (3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—The Direc-tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency may not obligate or expend any funds authorized to be appropriated for the Watchlisting Branch for fiscal year 2018 after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Any such funds that are unobligated or unexpended as of such date shall be transferred to the Direc-tor for Intelligence of the Joint Staff. (d) C
OUNTER -THREAT FINANCE .— (1) E
LIMINATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall eliminate the Counter-Threat Finance analysis function of the Defense Intelligence Agency. All personnel and assets pertaining to such function shall be transferred to other ele-ments of the Defense Intelligence Agency, as de-termined by the Director. (2) T
RANSITION PLAN .— (A) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall brief the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense com-mittees on the plan to eliminate the Counter- Threat Finance analysis function under para-graph (1). (B) S
UBMITTAL OF FORMAL PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees and the congressional de-fense committees a formal plan to eliminate such function under paragraph (1). (3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—The Direc-tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency may not obligate or expend any funds authorized to be appropriated for the Counter-Threat Finance analysis function for fiscal year 2018 after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Any such funds that are unob-ligated or unexpended as of such date shall be transferred to other elements of the Defense In-telligence Agency, as determined by the Direc-tor. (e) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE UNIVERSITY .— (1) T
RANSFER REQUIRED .—Effective on October 1, 2020, there is transferred from the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to the Director of National Intelligence all functions and all as-signed responsibilities performed by the National Intelligence University. (2) T
RANSITION PLAN .— (A) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Director of the Defense In-telligence Agency and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly brief the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees on the plan to carry out the transfer required under paragraph (1). (B) S
UBMITTAL OF FORMAL PLAN .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall jointly submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees a formal plan for the transfer required under paragraph (1). (3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—The Direc-tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency may not obligate or expend any funds authorized to be appropriated for the National Intelligence Uni-versity after October 1, 2020. Any such funds that are unobligated or unexpended as of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.013 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6550 July 28, 2017 
date shall be transferred to the Director of Na-tional Intelligence. (f) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE FOR REPROGRAM -
MING.—Not later than 30 days before transfer-ring any funds relating to transferring or elimi-nating any function under this section, the Di-rector of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional intelligence commit-tees and the congressional defense committees notice in writing of such transfer. (g) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS AND  R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any function or executive agent responsibility that is trans-ferred to the Director of National Intelligence pursuant to this section, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence may not delegate such func-tion or responsibility to another element of the intelligence community. (2) E
XECUTIVE AGENT RESPONSIBILITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘executive agent responsi-bility’’ means the specific responsibilities, func-tions, and authorities assigned by the Director of National Intelligence to the head of an intel-ligence community element to provide defined levels of support for intelligence operations, or administrative or other designated activities. (h) D
EADLINE FOR POLICY UPDATES .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall ensure that all rel-evant policies of the intelligence community and Department of Defense are updated to reflect the transfers required to be made pursuant to this section. (i) T
REATMENT OF TRANSFERRED FUNCTIONS .— No transferred functions or assigned responsi-bility referred to in subsection (a), (c), or (e) shall be considered a new start by the receiving element, including in the case of any lapse of appropriation for such transferred function or assigned responsibility. (j) R
EPORTS ON OTHER ELEMENTS OF DEFENSE  I
NTELLIGENCE AGENCY .— (1) N
ATIONAL CENTER FOR CREDIBILITY ASSESS -
MENT .— (A) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (i) the assignment of executive agency for the National Center for Credibility Assessment to the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency may be limiting the ability of the Center to ef-fectively serve the Federal customer base of the Center; (ii) the failure of the Director of National In-telligence, in the role of the Director as security executive for the Federal Government, to define in policy the term ‘‘Executive Agent’’ may be further limiting the ability of the Center to re-ceive sufficient resources to carry out the crit-ical Federal mission of the Center; and (iii) the evolution of the Center from an orga-nization of the Army to an organization serving 27 departments and agencies and responsible for all Federal credibility assessment training, over-sight, and research and development, has re-sulted in a convoluted oversight structure based on legacy reporting requirements. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees a report on— (i) the current and projected missions and functions of the National Center for Credibility Assessment; (ii) the effectiveness of the current organiza-tional assignment of the Center to the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency; (iii) the effectiveness of the current oversight structure between the Center, the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, and the Director of National Intelligence; and (iv) the resources and authorities necessary to most effectively execute the missions and func-tions of the Center. (2) UNDERGROUND FACILITIES ANALYSIS CEN -
TER.— (A) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (i) the assignment of executive agency for the Underground Facilities Analysis Center to the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency may be limiting the ability of the Center to effectively serve the broader intelligence community cus-tomer base of the Center; (ii) the failure of the Director of National In-telligence to define in policy the term ‘‘Executive Agent’’ may be further limiting the ability of the Center to receive sufficient resources to carry out the critical mission of the Center; and (iii) the requirements of the intelligence com-munity and Department of Defense with respect to underground facilities are not adequately being met given the scale and complexity of the problem set and the relatively small amount of funding currently received by the Center. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense com-mittees a report on— (i) the missions and functions of the Under-ground Facilities Analysis Center; (ii) the state of the requirements of the intel-ligence community and Department of Defense with respect to underground facilities and the ability of the Center to meet such requirements; (iii) the effectiveness of the current organiza-tional assignment of the Center to the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency; (iv) the effectiveness of the current oversight structure between the Center, the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, the Secretary of Defense, and the Director of National Intelligence; and (v) the resources and authorities necessary to most effectively execute the missions and func-tions of the Center. (k) C
ONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means— (1) the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives; and (2) the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives. 
SEC. 413. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATED TO THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
(a) A TOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACT.—Section 4524(b)(2) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2674(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘In-telligence and’’ after ‘‘The Director of’’. (b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.—Para- graph (2) of section 106(b) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3041(b)(2)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and Counterintelligence’’ after ‘‘Office of Intel-ligence’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (F); (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (G), (H), and (I) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), re-spectively; and (4) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by realigning the margin of such subparagraph two ems to the left. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
SEC. 501. ASSESSMENT OF SIGNIFICANT RUSSIAN INFLUENCE CAMPAIGNS DIRECTED AT FOREIGN ELECTIONS AND REFERENDA. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the congressional intelligence committees a report containing an analytical assessment of the most significant Russian influence cam-paigns, if any, conducted during the 3-year pe-riod preceding the date of the enactment of this Act, as well as the most significant current or planned such Russian influence campaigns, if any. Such assessment shall include— (1) a summary of such significant Russian in-fluence campaigns, including, at a minimum, the specific means by which such campaigns were conducted, are being conducted, or likely will be conducted, as appropriate, and the spe-cific goal of each such campaign; (2) a summary of any defenses against or re-sponses to such Russian influence campaigns by the foreign state holding the elections or referenda; (3) a summary of any relevant activities by elements of the intelligence community under-taken for the purpose of assisting the govern-ment of such foreign state in defending against or responding to such Russian influence cam-paigns; and (4) an assessment of the effectiveness of such defenses and responses described in paragraphs (2) and (3). (b) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form, but if so submitted, shall contain an unclassified sum-mary. (c) R
USSIAN INFLUENCE CAMPAIGN DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘Russian influence campaign’’ means any effort, covert or overt, and by any means, attributable to the Russian Federation directed at an election, referendum, or similar process in a country other than the Russian Federation or the United States. 
SEC. 502. FOREIGN COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND CYBERSECURITY THREATS TO FED-ERAL ELECTION CAMPAIGNS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As provided in paragraph (2), for each Federal election, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intel-ligence and Analysis and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall make publicly available on an internet website an ad-visory report on foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to election campaigns for Federal offices. Each such report shall include, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, each of the following: (A) A description of foreign counterintel-ligence and cybersecurity threats to election campaigns for Federal offices. (B) A summary of best practices that election campaigns for Federal offices can employ in seeking to counter such threats. (C) An identification of any publicly available resources, including United States Government resources, for countering such threats. (2) S
CHEDULE FOR SUBMITTAL .—A report under this subsection shall be made available as follows: (A) In the case of a report regarding an elec-tion held for the office of Senator or Member of the House of Representatives during 2018, not later than the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) In the case of a report regarding an elec-tion for a Federal office during any subsequent year, not later than the date that is one year be-fore the date of the election. (3) I
NFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED .—A report under this subsection shall reflect the most cur-rent information available to the Director of Na-tional Intelligence regarding foreign counter-intelligence and cybersecurity threats. (b) T
REATMENT OF CAMPAIGNS SUBJECT TO  H
EIGHTENED THREATS .—If the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis jointly determine that an election campaign for Federal office is subject to a heightened foreign counterintelligence or cyber-security threat, the Director and the Under Sec-retary, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, may make available additional in-formation to the appropriate representatives of such campaign. 
SEC. 503. ASSESSMENT OF THREAT FINANCE RE-LATING TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.013 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6551 July 28, 2017 
of National Intelligence, acting through the Na-tional Intelligence Manager for Threat Finance, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report containing an assessment of the financing of threat activity by the Russian Federation. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A summary of leading examples from the 3- year period prior to the date of the report of any threat finance activities conducted by, for the benefit of, or at the behest of officials of the Government of Russia, persons subject to sanc-tions under any provision of law imposing sanc-tions with respect to Russia, or Russian nation-als subject to sanctions under any other provi-sion of law. (2) An assessment with respect to any trends or patterns in threat finance activities relating to Russia, including common methods of con-ducting such activities. (3) A summary of engagement and coordina-tion with international partners on threat fi-nance relating to Russia, especially in Europe, including examples of such engagement and co-ordination. (4) An identification of any resource and col-lection gaps. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under sub-section (a) may be submitted in classified form. (d) T
HREAT FINANCE DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘threat finance’’ means— (1) the financing of cyber operations, global influence campaigns, intelligence service activi-ties, proliferation, terrorism, or transnational crime and drug organizations; (2) the methods and entities used to spend, store, move, raise, or conceal money or value on behalf of threat actors; (3) sanctions evasion; or (4) other forms of threat financing domesti-cally or internationally, as defined by the Presi-dent. TITLE VI—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 601. PERIOD OF OVERSEAS ASSIGNMENTS FOR CERTAIN FOREIGN SERVICE OF-FICERS. 
(a) L ENGTH OF PERIOD OF ASSIGNMENT .—Sub- section (a) of section 502 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3982) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) In making assignments under paragraph (1), and in accordance with section 903, and, if applicable, section 503, the Secretary shall as-sure that a member of the Service may serve at a post for a period of not more than six consecu-tive years.’’. (b) F
OREIGN LANGUAGE DEPLOYMENT RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Section 702 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4022) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN LANGUAGE DEPLOYMENT RE-
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, with the assistance of other relevant officials, shall require all members of the Service who re-ceive foreign language training in Arabic, Farsi, Chinese (Mandarin or Cantonese), Turkish, Ko-rean, and Japanese by the institution or other-wise in accordance with subsection (b) to serve three successive tours in positions in which the acquired language is both relevant and deter-mined to be a benefit to the Department. ‘‘(2) O
VERSEAS DEPLOYMENTS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), at least one of the three suc-cessive tours referred to in such paragraph shall be an overseas deployment. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of State may waive the application of paragraph (1) for med-ical or family hardship or in the interest of na-tional security. ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of State shall notify the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate at the end of each fiscal year of any in-stances during the prior twelve months in which the waiver authority described in paragraph (3) was invoked.’’. SEC. 602. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON INVESTIGA-TIONS OF UNAUTHORIZED PUBLIC DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED IN-FORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XI of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1105. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON INVES-TIGATIONS OF UNAUTHORIZED PUB-LIC DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—On a semiannual basis, each covered official shall submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report that in-cludes, with respect to the preceding 6-month period— ‘‘(1) the number of investigations opened by the covered official regarding an unauthorized public disclosure of classified information; ‘‘(2) the number of investigations completed by the covered official regarding an unauthorized public disclosure of classified information; and ‘‘(3) of the number of such completed inves-tigations identified under paragraph (2), the number referred to the Attorney General for criminal investigation. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered official’ means— ‘‘(A) the heads of each element of the intel-ligence community; and ‘‘(B) the inspectors general with oversight re-sponsibility for an element of the intelligence community. ‘‘(2) The term ‘investigation’ means any in-quiry, whether formal or informal, into the ex-istence of an unauthorized public disclosure of classified information. ‘‘(3) The term ‘unauthorized public disclosure of classified information’ means the unauthor-ized disclosure of classified information to a journalist or media organization.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1104 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1105. Semiannual reports on investiga-tions of unauthorized public dis-closures of classified informa-tion.’’. 
SEC. 603. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY REPORTS ON SECURITY CLEARANCES. 
Section 506H of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3104) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C); (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY REPORTS .—(1) Not later than March 1 of each year, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the security clearances processed by each ele-ment of the intelligence community during the preceding calendar year. Each such report shall separately identify security clearances processed by each such element and shall cover Federal employees and contractor employees. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include each of the following for each element of the intelligence community for the year covered by the report: ‘‘(A) The total number of initial security clearance background investigations opened for new applicants. ‘‘(B) The total number of security clearance periodic re-investigations opened for existing employees. ‘‘(C) The total number of initial security clearance background investigations for new ap-plicants that were finalized and adjudicated with notice of a determination provided to the prospective applicant, including— ‘‘(i) the total number that were adjudicated favorably and granted access to classified infor-mation; and ‘‘(ii) the total number that were adjudicated unfavorably and resulted in a denial or revoca-tion of a security clearance. ‘‘(D) The total number of security clearance periodic background investigations that were fi-nalized and adjudicated with notice of a deter-mination provided to the existing employee, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) the total number that were adjudicated favorably; and ‘‘(ii) the total number that were adjudicated unfavorably and resulted in a denial or revoca-tion of a security clearance. ‘‘(E) The total number of pending security clearance background investigations, including initial applicant investigations and periodic re- investigations, that were not finalized and adju-dicated as of the last day of such year and that remained pending as follows: ‘‘(i) For 180 days or less. ‘‘(ii) For 180 days or longer, but less than 12 months. ‘‘(iii) For 12 months or longer, but less than 18 months. ‘‘(iv) For 18 months or longer, but less than 24 months. ‘‘(v) For 24 months or longer. ‘‘(F) In the case of security clearance deter-minations completed or pending during the year preceding the year for which the report is sub-mitted that have taken longer than 12 months to complete— ‘‘(i) the cause of the delay for such determina-tions; and ‘‘(ii) the number of such determinations for which polygraph examinations were required. ‘‘(G) The percentage of security clearance in-vestigations, including initial and periodic re- investigations, that resulted in a denial or rev-ocation of a security clearance. ‘‘(H) The percentage of security clearance in-vestigations that resulted in incomplete informa-tion. ‘‘(I) The percentage of security clearance in-vestigations that did not result in enough infor-mation to make a decision on potentially ad-verse information. ‘‘(3) The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’; and (4) in subsection (c), as redesignated by para-graph (2), by inserting ‘‘and (b)’’ after ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)’’. SEC. 604. REPORT ON EXPANSION OF SECURITY PROTECTIVE SERVICES JURISDIC-TION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the feasibility, justification, costs, and benefits of expanding the jurisdiction of the pro-tective services of the Central Intelligence Agen-cy under section 15(a)(1) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3515(a)). The report shall include— (1) an explanation of the need for expanding such jurisdiction beyond the 500-feet limit speci-fied in such section 15(a)(1); and (2) an identification of any comparable de-partments or agencies of the Federal Govern-ment in the Washington metropolitan region (as defined in section 8301 of title 40, United States Code) whose protective services jurisdictions ex-ceed 500 feet. (b) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.013 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6552 July 28, 2017 
SEC. 605. REPORT ON ROLE OF DIRECTOR OF NA-TIONAL INTELLIGENCE WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN IN-VESTMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community determined appropriate by the Direc-tor, shall submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees a report on the role of the Di-rector in preparing analytic materials in con-nection with the evaluation by the Federal Gov-ernment of national security risks associated with potential foreign investments into the United States. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall— (1) describe the current process for the provi-sion of the analytic materials described in sub-section (a); (2) identify the most significant benefits and drawbacks of such process with respect to the role of the Director, including any benefits or drawbacks relating to the time allotted to the Director to prepare such materials; and (3) include recommendations to improve such process. 
SEC. 606. REPORT ON CYBER EXCHANGE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees a report on the potential establishment of a fully voluntary exchange program between elements of the intel-ligence community and private technology com-panies under which— (1) an employee of an element of the intel-ligence community with demonstrated expertise and work experience in cybersecurity or related disciplines may elect to be temporarily detailed to a private technology company that has elect-ed to receive the detailee; and (2) an employee of a private technology com-pany with demonstrated expertise and work ex-perience in cybersecurity or related disciplines may elect to be temporarily detailed to an ele-ment of the intelligence community that has elected to receive the detailee. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The feasibility of establishing the exchange program described in such subsection. (2) Identification of any challenges in estab-lishing the exchange program. (3) An evaluation of the benefits to the intel-ligence community that would result from the exchange program. 
SEC. 607. REVIEW OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION IN VULNERABILITIES EQUITIES PROC-ESS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community shall re-view, with respect to the 3-year period preceding the date of the review, the roles and responsibil-ities of the elements of the intelligence commu-nity in the process of the Federal Government for determining whether, when, how, and to whom information about a vulnerability that is not publicly known will be shared with or re-leased to a non-Federal entity or the public. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General shall submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on the re-sults of the review under subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the roles and responsibil-ities of the elements of the intelligence commu-nity in the process of determining whether, when, how, and to whom information about a vulnerability that is not publicly known will be shared or released to a non-Federal entity or the public. (B) The criteria used by the Federal Govern-ment, including elements of the intelligence com-munity, in making such determination. (C) With respect to the period covered by the review— (i) a summary of vulnerabilities known to ele-ments of the intelligence community that were reviewed by the Federal Government pursuant to such process, including— (I) the number of vulnerabilities known to the intelligence community that were reviewed; and (II) of such number of reviewed vulnerabilities, the number for which informa-tion was shared with or released to a non-Fed-eral entity or the public; (ii) an assessment of whether there were any vulnerabilities known to elements of the intel-ligence community that were not reviewed pur-suant to such process, and if so, the basis and rationale for not conducting such a review; and (iii) a summary of the most significant inci-dents in which a vulnerability known to the in-telligence community, but not shared with or re-leased to a non-Federal entity or the public, was exploited by an individual, an entity, or a for-eign country in the course of carrying out a cyber intrusion. (D) A description of any current mechanisms for overseeing such process. (E) Recommendations to improve the effi-ciency, effectiveness, accountability, and, con-sistent with national security, transparency of such process. (F) Any other matters the Inspector General determines appropriate. (3) FORM.—The report may be submitted in classified form. (c) V
ULNERABILITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘vulnerability’’ means, with respect to information technology, a design, configuration, or implementation weakness in a technology, product, system, service, or application that can be exploited or triggered to cause unexpected or unintended behavior. 
SEC. 608. REVIEW OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WHISTLEBLOWER MATTERS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF WHISTLEBLOWER MATTERS .— The Inspector General of the Intelligence Com-munity, in consultation with the inspectors gen-eral for the Central Intelligence Agency, the Na-tional Security Agency, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, the Defense In-telligence Agency, and the National Reconnais-sance Office, shall conduct a review of the au-thorities, policies, investigatory standards, and other practices and procedures relating to intel-ligence community whistleblower matters, with respect to such inspectors general. (b) O
BJECTIVE OF REVIEW .—The objective of the review required under subsection (a) is to identify any discrepancies, inconsistencies, or other issues, which frustrate the timely and ef-fective reporting of intelligence community whistleblower matters to appropriate inspectors general and to the congressional intelligence committees, and the fair and expeditious inves-tigation and resolution of such matters. (c) C
ONDUCT OF REVIEW .—The Inspector Gen-eral of the Intelligence Community shall take such measures as the Inspector General deter-mines necessary in order to ensure that the re-view required by subsection (a) is conducted in an independent and objective fashion. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community shall submit to the congressional intelligence commit-tees a written report containing the results of the review required under subsection (a), along with recommendations to improve the timely and effective reporting of Intelligence Community whistleblower matters to inspectors general and to the congressional intelligence committees and the fair and expeditious investigation and reso-lution of such matters. SEC. 609. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NOTIFICA-TIONS OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that section 502 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3092) requires elements of the intelligence com-munity to keep the congressional intelligence committees ‘‘fully and currently informed’’ about all ‘‘intelligence activities’’ of the United States, and to ‘‘furnish to the congressional in-telligence committees any information or mate-rial concerning intelligence activities. . .which is requested by either of the congressional intel-ligence committees in order to carry out its au-thorized responsibilities.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the authorities described in subsection (a), together with other intelligence community au-thorities, obligate an element of the intelligence community to submit to the congressional intel-ligence committees written notification, by not later than 7 days after becoming aware, that an individual in the executive branch has disclosed covered classified information to an official of an adversary foreign government using methods other than established intelligence channels; and (2) each such notification should include— (A) the date and place of the disclosure of classified information covered by the notifica-tion; (B) a description of such classified informa-tion; (C) identification of the individual who made such disclosure and the individual to whom such disclosure was made; and (D) a summary of the circumstances of such disclosure. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘adversary foreign government’’ means the government of any of the following foreign countries: (A) North Korea. (B) Iran. (C) China. (D) Russia. (E) Cuba. (2) The term ‘‘covered classified information’’ means classified information that was— (A) collected by an element of the intelligence community; or (B) provided by the intelligence service or military of a foreign country to an element of the intelligence community. (3) The term ‘‘established intelligence chan-nels’’ means methods to exchange intelligence to coordinate foreign intelligence relationships, as established pursuant to law by the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency, the Director of the Na-tional Security Agency, or other head of an ele-ment of the intelligence community. (4) The term ‘‘individual in the executive branch’’ means any officer or employee of the executive branch, including individuals— (A) occupying a position specified in article II of the Constitution; (B) appointed to a position by an individual described in subparagraph (A); or (C) serving in the civil service or the senior ex-ecutive service (or similar service for senior ex-ecutives of particular departments or agencies). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material in the R
ECORD on the bill, H.R. 3180. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.013 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6553 July 28, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipar-tisan bill that we have worked all year putting together in a bipartisan man-ner. I thank all of my colleagues not only on the Intelligence Committee, but also those colleagues who came down to review the bill. Hopefully they got all the information from our staff to provide all the answers that they may need so that they understand the classified nature of the bill and the im-portance of this bill to our Nation’s in-telligence community and our warfighters. I want to highlight just a few things in the bill, because we did debate this bill on Monday, so I will go through this quickly. The legislation provides the intel-ligence community authorization need-ed to protect and defend the United States. It supports critical national se-curity programs, such as those pro-tecting Americans against terrorism, cyber attacks, and hostile foreign na-tions. The total funding authorized in the bill is slightly below the President’s budget request, and is consistent with the House Budget Committee-passed fiscal year 2018 budget resolution. H.R. 3180 enables the intelligence community to carry out its vital work protecting Americans in the most com-plex threat environment since 9/11. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 is a solid, bipar-tisan bill, one that garnered unani-mous approval in the committee by voice vote. I thank my committee colleagues and the entire HPSCI staff for their collaborative efforts in crafting the measure that we consider here today. In the 114th Congress, this committee worked in a similar bipartisan fashion to pass into law four key pieces of na-tional security legislation. I am proud of our past legislative accomplish-ments, which testify to the virtues of substantive deliberation and reasoned compromise without needing to com-promise the security of the American people or of our brave servicemembers. Reflecting on the past year, on Rus-sia’s assault on Western democracies, and on other challenges as well, from everything to include North Korea’s unrelenting pursuit of a strategic nu-clear capability, we owe the American people a deliberate process. I wish the bill had come to the floor with a rule that allowed Members to offer amendments. That opportunity is commensurate with the importance of the intelligence bill and the need for vigorous oversight of the IC by the whole Congress. Nonetheless, the manifest short-comings in the process cannot take precedence over the imperative of dis-charging our duty and authorizing the operations of the intelligence commu-nity. On its merits, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3180 today. The Intelligence Committee oversees some of the most sensitive and highly classified aspects of U.S. intelligence operations and programs. The annual Intelligence Authorization Act is the primary means by which we can guar-antee an appropriate balance between our Nation’s national security impera-tives and the civil liberties and privacy rights enshrined in the Constitution. H.R. 3180 does just that by funding, equipping, and giving policy direction to the intelligence community and military intelligence elements of the Defense Department. It sustains sup-port for key national security prior-ities and programs, and represents a slight decrease from the President’s budget request from 2018. This bill features a number of provi-sions championed by my Democratic colleagues, some of which redouble the IC’s focus on the scope and nature of the threat, both overt and covert, that Russia poses to our interests and American political institutions. H.R. 3180 also mandates public re-porting about counterintelligence and cyber threats against future U.S. elec-tions; bolsters oversight of our policy guiding counterterrorism actions out-side of declared areas of hostilities; and seeks more information about the ex-ecutive branch’s process for deter-mining when and to whom to reveal in-formation about vulnerabilities in computers and networks. At the same time, and unlike IAAs of years past, this bill omits problematic language regarding Guantanamo deten-tions and the role of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. I am less supportive of some ele-ments in this legislation, but the bill’s merits outweigh any misgivings I may have, and I was proud to cosponsor the bill along with the chairman. Through it, our committee and the Congress as a whole serves as a guardrail against any excesses, transgressions or abuses. That has always been a solemn obliga-tion, but at this uncertain and unprec-edented moment in our national life, it carries even more responsibility for all of us. So, again, I urge my colleagues today to vote with me to advance the Intel-ligence Authorization Act and see that it is enacted into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. H
IMES), one of our sub-committee ranking members. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I thank both the chairman and ranking mem-ber for the strong bill that has been of-fered up today and for the bipartisan manner in which it was developed and enacted and, hopefully, will be passed. I rise in strong support of this bill, but would note for my colleagues that this authorization bill is an odd one. To fully understand it, you need to go deep into the basement of this Capitol and review it behind heavy metal doors. b1200 The bill is full of acronyms and code words and classified information. As such, it can be hard to understand, and things that are hard to understand sometimes cause anxiety and fear. Let me take a moment to describe what this bill does. This bill has the strong bipartisan support of my fellow committee mem-bers, liberal Democrats and conserv-ative Republicans alike, because it pro-vides the lifeblood to a truly remark-able group of people who work behind the scenes and in the dark to keep us safe and to keep us free. The unheralded and unacknowledged warriors of the intelligence community never stop in the work that they do around the world. As we speak, North Korea is feverishly working to develop the ability to deliver a nuclear bomb to American shores. Our intelligence com-munity is watching, evaluating, and planning against this mortal threat. As we speak, for the first time in a generation, Iran is not feverishly work-ing to develop the ability to deliver a nuclear bomb to our shores. Our intel-ligence community is making sure that that stays true. As we speak, Mr. Speaker, for the umpteenth time, terrorists in places like Afghanistan and Libya and Syria are spending their time desperately trying to stay alive instead of spending their time planning to attack our air-lines, our cities, and our people. As we speak, Mr. Speaker, Russia lurks, seeking advantage, promoting instability, and working to erode inter-national norms and instability. We should make no mistake about Russia as an adversary, because there is a lot of noise about this. Russia is a country that invades neighboring sovereign countries, it murders political oppo-nents, it bombs Syrian hospitals, and, yes, it conducted an unprecedented at-tack on the very core of our Demo-cratic system: our free and fair elec-tions. This bill funds the warriors who are watching that, who are standing up against that, in order to keep our sys-tem what we all like it to be. Mr. Speaker, because these activities are carried out secretly in the dark of night and usually unacknowledged, there is always the possibility for abuse. These activities, by their na-ture, run up against the lines of those values that make us Americans. This is surveillance. It is other things that are worthy of debate. The members of this committee spend their days in good ar-gument about what the limits of those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.039 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6554 July 28, 2017 
activities should be, and we will have additional arguments around things like the reauthorization of the section 702 surveillance programs. These are terrific arguments that we have in a constructive way. These are not argu-ments that are present in this bill. Just as we did on section 215, we will have a robust discussion of the section 702 international authorities. These are authorities that raise questions and that should be subject to the debate of this Chamber. But this bill, this bill today, is about the lifeblood of a remarkable group of people who don’t always get it right any more than we do, but who are pa-triots, who respect the Constitution, and who need our support in the work that they do to keep us safe and keep us free. I would like to, again, thank the ma-jority, the chairman, the ranking member, and especially the staff who worked diligently to make this a bill that we would unanimously support and suggest to my colleagues in this Chamber that we don’t see a lot of bills like this one, but this one is worthy of their support. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman, Mr. H
IMES, for his kind comments, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI .) Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and I join our colleague in salut-ing the committee for bringing this bi-partisan legislation to the floor—so many issues that the committee has to deal with. I know that full well as a previous ranking member. I know that we all agree that every chance we get we want to salute the patriotic men and women of the intel-ligence community for their ceaseless heroism and unblinking vigilance to keep the American people safe. I thank them for all they do for force protec-tion and conflict prevention. The quiet professionals of the U.S. intelligence community work every day, again, to keep this country safe and our leaders informed. Respect for their work is es-sential. I thank Ranking Member S
CHIFF and members of the committee—Mr. S
CHIFF , for his leadership, and com-mend all the members of the com-mittee for their dedication to those same goals. I am sorry that this bill is coming up under a closed rule so that Members cannot offer amendments. One such amendment might be about an inde-pendent commission. It is the judg-ment of the intelligence community, as expressed in the January 2017 Intel-ligence Community Assessment, that Russian President Vladimir Putin or-dered a multifaceted active-measures campaign to sow discord in our polit-ical process and help one Presidential candidate and hurt the other. For this reason, we continue to ask for an outside, independent commission to look forward on how to prevent Rus-sia and others from meddling in our election system again. The Swalwell- Cummings legislation to establish that commission has 200 bipartisan cospon-sors. I also want to salute our Homeland Security Committee ranking member, BENNIE THOMPSON , for his leadership to strengthen the preparedness of the election infrastructure of the United States to identify and withstand a for-eign attack. Our election systems are part of the critical infrastructure of our country, some of the most critical infrastruc-ture of our democracy itself. We must protect it. The United States must reject for-eign interference in our elections, no matter which party it helps or which party it hurts. Our oath of office is to protect and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domes-tic. Working with the intelligence com-munity to better ensure the integrity of our elections is vital to that goal. Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bipartisan legislation and sa-lute the members of the committee. I especially want to acknowledge the tremendous leadership of our ranking member, Mr. S
CHIFF from California. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I want to express my agreement with Leader P
ELOSI ’s comments on the continuing need for the appointment of an inde-pendent commission. An independent commission would have the dedicated focus, the distance from any potential political interference, and the re-sources to prepare a report of the cal-iber that we saw of the 9/11 Commis-sion. I think that would be a very sound and important complement to what we are doing in Congress and what Special Counsel Mueller is doing. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), my wonderful colleague on the Intelligence Committee. Mr. HECK. Madam Speaker, I rise to support the 2018 Intelligence Author-ization Act, but first I would like to tender a point of personal privilege. Happy birthday, Madam Speaker. This Intelligence Authorization Act has very strong bipartisan language. I just want to highlight two areas where the IAA furthers what I believe to be high priorities for our national secu-rity. First, section 605, which I had the honor to author, sets in motion how to change the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States, we also call it CFIUS, to better protect our keystone technologies. This IAA provision dovetails with some broader work that we are doing in the Financial Services Committee, in fact, across the aisle with Congress-man P
ITTENGER and myself and others. It would modernize the process to bet-ter protect and prevent strategic for-eign adversaries like China or Russia from taking advantage of our open markets in a way that undermines our national security. America’s technological edge is, in fact, a cornerstone of our national se-curity, but our strategic adversaries know that, too. They are increasingly seeking to obtain these critical tech-nologies and resources through com-mercial transactions, i.e., they are buying them. CFIUS is a place to safe-guard us against this risk, but it needs modernization, more resources, and au-thority and support from the intel-ligence community. Russian meddling in the 2017 election showed us what happens when an ad-versary tries to exploit our political openness. Now they are trying to ex-ploit our economic openness. Our intel-ligence community is vital in pro-tecting against both of those threats. Let me also underscore this point: The fiscal year 2018 IAA takes steps to safeguard our Nation’s edge, our advan-tage in space, which is, I am sorry to say, increasingly threatened by adver-sary nations. To mitigate that risk, the bill supports some truly cutting- edge space technologies and invests in and oversees programs to ensure the resiliency of overhead architecture. At the same time, it keeps up with the In-telligence Committee’s long-running efforts to stimulate innovation. In particular, the committee report accompanying today’s legislation asks the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency to examine new approaches to public and private sector collaboration, with the goal of fostering the faster, smarter development of automation, artificial intelligence, and similar technologies. Madam Speaker, I am proud to sup-port this legislation. I hope all my col-leagues will join me in both wishing the Speaker a happy birthday and in voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I wasn’t aware it is your birthday, but happy birthday, and I continue to re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, happy birthday. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), who will now sing Happy Birthday for you. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Speaker, I will spare you that. Madam Speaker, I voice my support for H.R. 3180, the Intelligence Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. The men and women of America’s in-telligence community, the best in the world, protect our country every day. They serve beyond the front lines of conflict to collect and analyze intel-ligence on our adversaries. In addition to being highly effective, America’s intelligence community adapts as the threats our country faces shift on a daily basis. Their effective-ness is amplified when they are in close 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.040 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6555 July 28, 2017 
cooperation and coordination with pol-icymakers. I want to thank my fellow members on the committee, especially Ranking Member S
CHIFF and Chairman N UNES , for working with me to add language into this bill requiring the intelligence community to brief Congress on our in-telligence capabilities in the South China Sea. Over $5 trillion in ship-borne com-merce flows through the region each year, including the vast majority of sea-borne energy imports by close U.S. partners such as Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. The security of the United States and those of these partners is closely linked to the ability of the United States to guarantee the freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. Our ongoing territorial disputes in the South China Sea threaten the prin-ciples of a rules-based order and the se-curity of the United States and our al-lies. The language in the IAA allows Con-gress to more effectively understand the needs of the intelligence commu-nity. It allows for a two-way conversa-tion so that Congress can act to pro-vide the intelligence community the tools and authorities it needs to inform policymakers. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ). Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act. Good intelligence safeguards our Na-tion from adversaries. It is used to sup-port our Armed Forces, our diplomats, and our homeland security profes-sionals. The men and women of the U.S. in-telligence community make enormous sacrifices on behalf of our country. While others seek the limelight, they shun publicity and self-promotion. They are silent warriors and quiet he-roes. I want to highlight section 609 of this legislation. It is a version of a bill that I authored called the Prevention and Oversight of Intelligence Sharing with Enemies Act, or the POISE Act. I introduced the POISE Act in May after the President disclosed highly sensitive information to senior Russian officials during a White House meeting. This information had been entrusted to the U.S. by key allies. Under Federal law, the executive branch is required to inform the con-gressional intelligence committees of U.S. intelligence activities. The POISE Act would specify that the executive branch must notify the committees when a member of the executive branch, including the President, inten-tionally or inadvertently discloses top- secret information to adversary foreign government. b1215 It is dangerous for a U.S. official to share classified information with an adversary, especially outside of estab-lished intelligence channels. The ad-versary could use the information to harm the United States or its allies. Moreover, our partners might decide to stop sharing critical intelligence with us if they lose confidence in our capac-ity to keep it confidential. The congressional notification re-quirement in the POISE Act would help deter inappropriate disclosures of classified information to adversaries. Once formally notified of the disclo-sure, Congress would be in a position to take any appropriate oversight action. I am so pleased that the core of the POISE Act is contained in section 609. I want to thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S
CHIFF for including the provision in the bill, and I urge the bill’s swift passage. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ). Mr. SWALWELL of California. Madam Speaker, happy birthday to you. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member and our chair. I think this IAA represents the best of what we do together in the com-mittee, and I am really just thrilled on behalf of the men and women who serve this country in our military and in our intelligence services that they have an authorization, act, that respects what they do, that enables what they do and understands that we have trying days ahead. Press reports right now are showing that North Korea may have just launched another ballistic missile, and so people who we represent at home are counting on us to do everything we can to protect this great country. It has been a privilege to work with Mr. S
CHIFF and the chairman on this bill. Of particular interest for me is that this bill also has our intelligence agen-cies report back to Congress just what efforts the Russians are taking not just in America, but across the globe to interfere and meddle in other coun-tries’ elections. We have seen an esca-lating pattern of this over the past few decades, certainly culminating in our recent 2016 election. It is very important that the Con-gress knows and that the American people and our allies know what con-tinued efforts will look like. So I ap-preciate the majority’s willingness to work with us. We have seen, I think, in just the past few days, a bicameral effort to come together and say that we are not going to tolerate Russia’s aggression in the world. The sanctions that were re-cently passed in this House and across the way in the Senate, I think, showed the world that we are serious, that this is our democracy, and it is still a de-mocracy that is worth protecting. I think part of the IAA reflects that spirit as well. So, again, I thank the chairman for his work. I thank the staff on the ma-jority side and the Members on the ma-jority side, as well as our ranking member and our own staff, for working so hard to put this forward to protect and defend this great country. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This year’s Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act was a bipartisan effort, and I am pleased to vote for it today. With this legislation, we reaffirm that all of our government’s activities, including ones that are, by necessity, classified, must be maximally effective and bound by law. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this year’s IAA. I do want to take this opportunity, also, to commend our committee’s out-going fellow from the Los Alamos Na-tional Lab, Phil Tubesing. For 2 years, Phil has worked alongside the entire HPSCI staff, imparting his scientific expertise about nuclear weapons and the other significant national security work that our national labs undertake. Phil, we thank you for your service to the committee and wish you every success in the future. Finally, I want to extend a closing word to all of the men and women of the intelligence community. The work that you do keeps us safe. Your mis-sion is to speak truth to power, to give policymakers objective, rigorously vet-ted and diligently produced intel-ligence, and you do that in magnificent fashion. Thank you for your commit-ment and resolve in the face of a chal-lenging global threat landscape. With this legislation, we believe that we pro-vide you with the adequate tools, au-thorities, and funding, while making sure that our congressional oversight remains robust. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I want to thank both the majority and minority mem-bers of our committee for working in a bipartisan manner this year to com-plete this bill, which I believe is a real-ly good product and will support the men and women doing very difficult work to protect the American people. I do want to thank the staff not only from the minority side, but also from the majority side, specifically: Shan-non Stuart, Nick Ciarlante, Scott Glabe, Bill Flanigan, Allen Souza, Lisa Major, Jacqueline Tame, Mark Stew-art, Chelsey Campbell, Andrew House, Marissa Skaggs, Angel Smith, Kash Patel, Doug Presley, Steve Keith, George Pappas, and Jack Langer for helping craft this bill with the minor-ity; as well as the committee-shared staff of Brandon Smith, Kim Kerr, and Kristin Jepson. I would also like to take another mo-ment, as Mr. S
CHIFF just did, our rank-ing member, and thank our fellow who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.041 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6556 July 28, 2017 
will be leaving us this year, who has been here a couple of years, Mr. Phil Tubesing, who will be going back and ending his congressional fellowship. We thank him for all of his work. Madam Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to pass this bill and send an overwhelming message to the men and women who protect this country that this Congress stands ready to support them. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and vigilant defender of our na-tional security, I rise in support of H.R. 3180, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018,’’ which will provide the Intelligence Community (IC) with the necessary resources and authorities to ensure they remain capable of protecting and defending the United States. Our intelligence community is facing unprec-edented threats from our adversaries around the world as this Administration struggles with the basics of leading this great nation. The Obama Administration left the nation with a stable and growing economy; several important international coalition wins that in-clude the Iranian Nuclear Arms Deal; the Rus-sia Sanctions; and the Paris Climate Agree-ment. The work of our intelligence community is a key asset in our efforts to thwart our adver-saries when they seek to do Americans or our interests harm. Following the Election, President-elect Trump was critical of the intelligence commu-nity. In December 2016, he attacked the CIA over its assessment that Russian hacks on Democratic political targets were intended to help him win the White House. In January of this year just prior to his inau-guration, he compared our intelligence com-munity to Nazi Germany, while making an un-founded accusation that the intelligence com-munity leaked an unconfirmed dossier of sen-sitive information regarding him compiled by a private investigator. President Trump’s disclosure of highly sen-sitive intelligence to Russian officials during a visit they had in the oval office raises grave concerns among our allies regarding sharing information with our intelligence community and the disclosure threatened to fracture his already-delicate relationship with the intel-ligence community. The revelation that President Trump met a second time in secret with Russian President Putin was not disclosed to the public, but came to light due to investigative journalism. The New York Times reported that lawyers and aides to President Trump are investigating the investigators hired by special counsel Rob-ert Mueller, by scouring their records for po-tential conflicts of interest in an attempt to dis-credit their work. There is a pressing need for not only fund-ing the work of the intelligence community, but to also provide additional protections to guard this national asset from undue interference from an Administration with too many entan-glements with the Russian government that are under investigation. This bill authorizes appropriations for Fiscal Year 2018 for vital intelligence activities of the U.S. Government, the Community Manage-ment Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Retirement and Disability Sys-tem, and for other purposes. H.R. 3180 comes at a critical time in the status of our national security and the IC’s ability to protect it. As we continue to face a diverse and grow-ing array of threats from terrorist groups, hos-tile nation states, and questionable or incom-petent figures in the Trump administration, it is crucial that the IC receive all the resources it needs to do its job while Congress has the necessary tools to carry out rigorous oversight of its work. This bill seeks to meet these challenges by supporting critical national security programs, particularly those focused on countering ter-rorism and cyberattacks. Under H.R. 3180, the Director of National Intelligence will be required to electronically publish an unclassified advisory report on for-eign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to federal elections. It also bolsters intelligence oversight by en-suring that IC contractors can meet freely with Congress. Lastly, this bill improves IC accountability to Congress by requiring the IC to provide re-ports on: Investigations of leaks of classified informa-tion; Security clearance processing timelines; The process for reviewing information about computer vulnerabilities for retention or poten-tial release; And Russian influence campaigns directed at foreign elections and threat finance activi-ties. Madam Speaker, H.R. 3180 is a necessary response to the overwhelming evidence point-ing to a carefully planned and executed infil-tration of our 2016 Presidential Election by the Russian government and its operatives. The issue of cybersecurity, particularly with regards to our federal election computer sys-tem infrastructure, has been of great concern to me and the American public as more and more reports of Russian hacking efforts have come to light. In addition, the provision requiring reports on security clearance processing timelines should shed light on the highly dubious and in-scrutable security clearances of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Donald Trump’s blatant and irresponsible nepotism towards his daughter and son-in-law have made us all vulnerable to Russian and other foreign influence at the highest levels of our federal government. H.R. 3180 will give the American people what they crave and deserve: clarity and transparency to pierce through the haze of cover-ups and distractions surrounding the Trump Administration. This bill also takes significant, much-needed steps to improve benefits for members of the IC, such as increasing employee compensa-tion and authorizing $514 million in appropria-tions for the CIA’s Retirement and Disability System. Congress must do its part to adequately recompense the patriotic Americans who serve our nation through their work in the IC, especially employees with disabilities, who make up 9 percent of the intelligence work-force. At the same time, we must continue to en-sure that Congress can exercise oversight over and maintain transparency for the 17 agencies that comprise the IC. I am heartened that my Republican col-leagues in the Intelligence Committee are starting to see the light in recognizing the sin-ister threat of Russian infiltration and White House collusion, both of which endanger our nation’s ability to practice and protect its core democratic values. I look forward to working with all Members of Congress to strengthen our IC, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this im-portant legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 481, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of H.R. 3180 will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of S. 114. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 380, nays 35, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 437] YEAS—380 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.043 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6557 July 28, 2017 
Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—35 
Amash Bass Blumenauer Capuano Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Conyers DelBene Duncan (TN) Ellison Gabbard Gomez Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Johnson (GA) Jones Khanna Labrador Lee Lewis (GA) Lofgren Massie McGovern O’Rourke Pocan Polis Sanford Schakowsky Smith (WA) Takano Vela´zquez Welch 
NOT VOTING—18 
Clay Collins (NY) Costa Costello (PA) Cummings Donovan Graves (MO) Hollingsworth King (NY) Larson (CT) Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Roskam Scalise Speier Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Zeldin b1245 Mmes. SCHAKOWSKY, VELA´ZQUEZ, and CLARKE of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. ADAMS, Messrs. CROWLEY and KIND changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 438] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—19 
Bass Clay Collins (NY) Costa Costello (PA) Cummings Donovan Graves (MO) Hollingsworth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.015 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6558 July 28, 2017 
King (NY) Larson (CT) Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Roskam Scalise Speier Taylor Webster (FL) Zeldin 
b1252 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appro-priations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to im-prove hiring authorities of the Depart-ment, to authorize major medical facil-ity leases, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I was absent during rollcall votes No. 436, No. 437, and No. 438 due to my spouse’s health situa-tion in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on H.R. 481—Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) Intel-ligence Authorization Act for FY 2018. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 3180—Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on S. 114—De-partment of Veterans Affairs Bonus Trans-parency Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Speaker, today I was absent in order to accompany the President of the United States on a visit to my district in Long Island, New York. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 436, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 437, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 438. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Madam Speaker, on Friday, July 28, 2017, I was not present for rollcall votes 437 and 438. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 437 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 438. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORI-TIES ACT, FISCAL YEAR 2017, IM-PROVEMENTS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 371) to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 371 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OVERSIGHT BY COMMITTEES ON APPRO-PRIATIONS. 
(a) O MNIBUS DIPLOMATIC SECURITY AND  A
NTITERRORISM ACT OF 1986.—Section 104(a) of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986, as added by sec-tion 101 of the Department of State Authori-ties Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 323), is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’. (b) ANNUAL REPORT ON EMBASSY CONSTRUC -
TION COSTS.—Section 118(a) of the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’. (c) O
VERSIGHT OF AND ACCOUNTABILITY FOR  P
EACEKEEPER ABUSES .—Section 301(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’. (d) W
ORKFORCE RIGHTSIZING REPORT .—Sec- tion 405(c) of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘ap-propriate congressional committees’’. (e) C
ONSULAR IMMUNITY .—Subsection (b)(2) of section 4 of the Diplomatic Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 254c), as added by section 501 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), is amended by striking ‘‘of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations’’. (f) W
ESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY  C
OMMISSION REPORT .—Section 602(c) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Ap-propriations’’ after ‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Ap-propriations’’ after ‘‘Committee on Foreign Relations’’; 
SEC. 3. PEACEKEEPING TRAINING. 
Section 301 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘enhance the discovery’’ and inserting ‘‘investigate al-legations’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘ade-quately respond to complaints about such of-fenses by carrying out swift and effective disciplinary action against the personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriately hold account-able personnel’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing compensation to victims, as appropriate’’ after ‘‘responses to such offenses’’; (2) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘any in-dividual who commits an act’’ and inserting ‘‘personnel who are found to have committed acts’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘note-worthy’’. 
SEC. 4. QUALIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED NA-TIONS SECRETARY GENERAL. 
Section 310 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The de-scriptions referred to in subsection (a) shall include the following elements’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In addition to the descriptions referred to in subsection (a), each such candidate shall be urged to describe the following’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘such l’’ and inserting ‘‘such agenda’’. SEC. 5. POLICY REGARDING THE UNITED NA-TIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL. 
Section 311(a)(2) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) which has been designated as a Tier 3 country in the annual Department of State Trafficking in Persons Report under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107); or ‘‘(F) which is identified as having failed to prevent or address gross violations of human rights in the annual Department of State Human Rights Report under the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Trade Act of 1974.’’. 
SEC. 6. COMPARATIVE REPORT ON PEACE-KEEPING OPERATIONS. 
Section 313 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’; (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a comparison of the costs of current United Nations peacekeeping operations, in-cluding the costs incurred by the United States for such operations, and the esti-mated cost of such operations if imple-mented unilaterally by the United States;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1), as amended by paragraph (2) of this section, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) an assessment of the operational, structural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost esti-mates; and’’. 
SEC. 7. LATERAL ENTRY INTO THE FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 404(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘out-standing’’. 
SEC. 8. COMBATING INTOLERANCE. 
The section heading of section 419 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘ANTI-SEMITISM’’ and inserting ‘‘INTOLERANCE’’. 
SEC. 9. TECHNICAL CORRECTION REGARDING COMPLETION OF WESTERN HEMI-SPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION REPORT. 
Section 603(f)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘section 362’’ and inserting ‘‘section 602(c)’’. 
SEC. 10. BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS. 
Section 703(b)(2) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘any significant restructuring,’’. 
SEC. 11. RANSOMS TO FOREIGN TERRORIST OR-GANIZATIONS. 
Section 709(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘, to the extent practicable,’’ before ‘‘transmit’’. 
SEC. 12. RESTORATION OF TIBET REPORT. 
Section 613 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–228, 22 U.S.C. 6901 note), as amended by section 715(b)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘P OL-
ICY.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.016 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6559 July 28, 2017 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as para-graph (2) and moving such paragraph, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act, and annually thereafter until December 31, 2021, the Presi-dent shall transmit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on— ‘‘(1) the steps taken by the President and the Secretary in accordance with subsection (a)(1); and ‘‘(2) the status of any discussions between the People’s Republic of China and the Dalai Lama or his representatives.’’. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS. 
(a) O MNIBUS DIPLOMATIC SECURITY AND  A
NTITERRORISM ACT OF 1986.—Section 104(a) of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986, as added by sec-tion 101 of the Department of State Authori-ties Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 323), is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON EMBASSY CONSTRUC -
TION COSTS.—Section 118(a) of the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’. (c) O
VERSIGHT OF AND ACCOUNTABILITY FOR  P
EACEKEEPER ABUSES .—Section 301(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’. (d) W
ORKFORCE RIGHTSIZING REPORT .—Sec- tion 405(c) of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘ap-propriate congressional committees’’. (e) C
ONSULAR IMMUNITY .—Subsection (b)(2) of section 4 of the Diplomatic Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 254c), as added by section 501 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), is amended by striking ‘‘of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations’’. (f) W
ESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY  C
OMMISSION REPORT .—Section 602(c) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Ap-propriations’’ after ‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Ap-propriations’’ after ‘‘Committee on Foreign Relations’’; SEC. 3. PEACEKEEPING TRAINING. 
Section 301 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘enhance the discovery’’ and inserting ‘‘investigate al-legations’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘ade-quately respond to complaints about such of-fenses by carrying out swift and effective disciplinary action against the personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriately hold account-able personnel’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing compensation to victims, as appropriate’’ after ‘‘responses to such offenses’’; (2) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘any in-dividual who commits an act’’ and inserting ‘‘personnel who are found to have committed acts’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘note-worthy’’. 
SEC. 4. QUALIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED NA-TIONS SECRETARY GENERAL. 
Section 310 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The de-scriptions referred to in subsection (a) shall include the following elements’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In addition to the descriptions referred to in subsection (a), each such candidate shall be urged to describe the following’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘such l’’ and inserting ‘‘such agenda’’. 
SEC. 5. POLICY REGARDING THE UNITED NA-TIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL. 
Section 311(a)(2) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) which has been designated as a Tier 3 country in the annual Department of State Trafficking in Persons Report under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107); or ‘‘(F) which is identified as having failed to prevent or address gross violations of human rights in the annual Department of State Human Rights Report under the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Trade Act of 1974; and’’. 
SEC. 6. COMPARATIVE REPORT ON PEACE-KEEPING OPERATIONS. 
Section 313 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’; (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a comparison of the costs of current United Nations peacekeeping operations, in-cluding the costs incurred by the United States for such operations, and the esti-mated cost of such operations if imple-mented unilaterally by the United States;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1), as amended by paragraph (2) of this section, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) an assessment of the operational, structural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost esti-mates; and’’. SEC. 7. LATERAL ENTRY INTO THE FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 404(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘out-standing’’. 
SEC. 8. COMBATING INTOLERANCE. 
The section heading of section 419 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘ANTI-SEMITISM’’ and inserting ‘‘INTOLERANCE’’. 
SEC. 9. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS REGARDING COMPLETION OF WESTERN HEMI-SPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION REPORT. 
Section 603 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘section 362’’ and inserting ‘‘section 602(c)’’; and (2) by amending subsection (h) to read as follows: ‘‘(h) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Com-mission shall serve without pay or bene-fits.’’. 
SEC. 10. TECHNICAL CORRECTION REGARDING POWERS OF WESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION. 
Section 604 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) G
IFTS, BEQUESTS , AND DEVISES .—The Commission may solicit, accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of money, services, or property, both real and personal, for the purpose of carrying out any duty, power, or authority of the Commis-sion.’’. 
SEC. 11. BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS. 
Section 703(b)(2) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘any significant restructuring,’’. 
SEC. 12. RANSOMS TO FOREIGN TERRORIST OR-GANIZATIONS. 
Section 709(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘, to the extent practicable,’’ before ‘‘transmit’’. 
SEC. 13. RESTORATION OF TIBET REPORT. 
Section 613 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–228, 22 U.S.C. 6901 note), as amended by section 715(b)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘P OL-
ICY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as para-graph (2) and moving such paragraph, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act, and annually thereafter until December 31, 2021, the Presi-dent shall transmit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on— ‘‘(1) the steps taken by the President and the Secretary in accordance with subsection (a)(1) to implement the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002; and ‘‘(2) the status of any discussions between the People’s Republic of China and the Dalai Lama or his representatives or a successor selected by a method of the 14th Dalai Lama’s own choosing or the representatives of such successor.’’. 
SEC. 14. DEPARTMENT OF STATE REORGANIZA-TIONS. 
The report required under subsection (l) of section 7034 of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) shall also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.019 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6560 July 28, 2017 
be provided to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations in the Sen-ate concurrent with the submission of such report to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate pursuant to such subsection. 
Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION TO THE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY Mr. KATKO, from the Committee on Homeland Security, submitted an ad-verse privileged report (Rept. No. 115– 270) on the resolution (H. Res. 447) di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relat-ing to Department of Homeland Secu-rity policies and activities relating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Mr. SHUSTER, from the Committee on Transportation, submitted an ad-verse privileged report (Rept. No. 115– 269) on the resolution (H. Res. 437) of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the Presi-dent’s possession, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING VICTIMS OF HUMAN SMUGGLING (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer my con-dolences to the loved ones and families of the 10 victims who died in the tragic human smuggling incident that took place in my hometown of San Antonio, Texas, over the weekend. Many before them have sought to come to our coun-try by land and sea, and have perished. These were not Americans, but they are children of God. This was, above all else, politics aside, a human tragedy. Please join me in a moment of si-lence to remember the victims and the countless others like them who have lost their lives in pursuit of the Amer-ican Dream. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). Pursuant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Thurs-day, July 27, 2017: H.R. 3298, to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Me-morial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty injuries, and for other purposes. 
f 
WASHINGTON STATE BOY SCOUTS JAMBOREE TROOP 3218 (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize two groups of young men, the Boy Scouts Jamboree Troop 3218 and the Grand Columbia Council, both from Washington State, as they recently attended the 2017 National Scout Jamboree. In the 107 years since its founding, the Boy Scouts of America have in-stilled the values of hard work, respon-sibility, resourcefulness, and citizen-ship into the hearts and minds of thou-sands of young American men. The Na-tional Scout Jamboree brings together first class scouts from all 50 States to participate in a variety of Scouting traditions and to celebrate their orga-nization. The Boy Scouts of America have made a marked difference in our Na-tion, in Washington State, and in my Fourth Congressional District through the schools and values they teach our young people. I have no doubt that these young men will continue to be leaders in their families, careers, and communities. Please join me in thanking these troops for their commitment to Amer-ican values, service, and leadership. 
f 
b1300 LET’S WORK TOGETHER (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Senate Republican major-ity failed to pass their ACA repeal. This is a win for the people across America who wrote letters, made phone calls, and organized commu-nities against this disastrous bill. Mr. Speaker, millions of people rely on insurance expansion made possible under the ACA. Our job is not to harm the people we serve but to make their lives better. Under every single Republican healthcare bill, millions of people would lose health coverage. There are many steps we can take together. Let us strengthen the risk pools, promote competition among insurers, and re-quire States to expand their Medicaid programs. These steps will help lower pre-miums, increase choice, and allow 50,000 individuals in my district and millions of low-income Americans across the country to get insurance. My constituents are tired of the par-tisanship. I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to work with us and each other instead of against each other so everyday Americans do not grow even more cynical of our gov-erning institutions. While the failure of TrumpCare is welcome news, now is the time to hold public hearings, bipartisan meetings, and work toward goals that reduce pre-miums, deductibles, and healthcare costs for American people. I look forward to working with my Republican colleagues to build on the ACA and improve the law. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SUGAR GROVE CORN BOIL (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege today to rise to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Sugar Grove Corn Boil, a volunteer-run an-nual summer festival bringing resi-dents together to raise funds for local organizations doing good work in the community. This year, the corn boil is focused on helping families and organi-zations addressing autism. In 1967, the first ever corn boil brought Sugar Grove community mem-bers together for several hours in order to raise enough funds for the town’s first ever street lamp. As a result of the festival’s initial success, the com-munity continued the tradition year after year. The Sugar Grove Corn Boil has grown from a one-day event to a four-day event that brings around 35,000 attendees annually. Even though the old steam engines that used to boil the corn are no longer in use, the tradition of corn in the community ensures the grain remains a staple of the festival. While the festival has grown in size and prominence, the mission has al-ways stayed the same: to bring friends, family, and neighbors together to raise money for local organizations and for town improvement. In addition, the corn boil celebrates Sugar Grove’s Citizen of the Year to re-mind the community of the difference one person can make. Every dime do-nated to the Sugar Grove Corn Boil is given back to the community, whether it is local groups, food banks, churches, or to meet village needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.020 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6561 July 28, 2017 
I am pleased to share that this year’s festival is dedicated to the effort to ad-dress autism. I commend the vital role the Sugar Grove Corn Boil organization and the members play in my community. I ask that all my colleagues join in acknowl-edging their great contribution to the individuals and families of the 14th Congressional District. 
f 
GINNY BOUVIER, A POWERFUL VOICE FOR PEACE (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sing the praises of Virginia Bouvier, who is a senior adviser for peace proc-esses at the U.S. Institute of Peace and the director of its Colombia program. I have known Ginny for over 30 years. She is a powerful voice for peace and a strong, loving, generous spirit. I have seen her create the conditions, open up the spaces so that peace may take hold even during violent conflict. Around the world, but especially in Colombia, she has brought together people from different points of view, different walks of life, the powerful and the marginalized. She has worked alongside them to find common ground and common purpose in building peace. In all honesty, Mr. Speaker, Ginny is the very model of a life lived fully with intelligence, love, compassion, toler-ance, and devotion. Right now, Ginny is under critical care at Georgetown University Hospital. I ask all my col-leagues to keep Ginny and her family in their thoughts and prayers. 
f 
HEALTHCARE REFORM (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, the Sen-ate’s inability to pass healthcare re-form legislation does not change the fact that the Affordable Care Act is failing. Many Americans may not have one insurance provider on the exchange this fall. Forty percent of counties in the country now only have one option on the exchange. The ACA Medicaid ex-pansion treats nonelderly, nondisabled individuals living above the poverty line more favorably than the elderly and disabled that this crucial program exists to protect. Seven years ago, President Obama and congressional Democrats ran through an ill-conceived and unsustainable healthcare law that was grounded in make-believe and state-ments that were just not true. The Su-preme Court twisted an unconstitu-tional individual mandate penalty into a dubiously constitutional tax, not only mocking our Constitution, but fa-cilitating an evasion of responsibility for representatives who imposed an un-popular tax on the American people. The legacy ObamaCare has been and will continue to be—lost plans, lost doctors, and, as Chelsea Clinton re-minded us last year, crushing costs. Single payer is not to the option. Not one Senator voted for single payer yes-terday. The solution to our healthcare prob-lem is more freedom, more choice, less Washington control. We must continue our efforts to save the American people from this failing law, and continue our healthcare reform efforts. f 
SOUTH ASIAN HEART HEALTH AWARENESS AND RESEARCH ACT (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, today, with Congressman J
OEWILSON of South Carolina, I am introducing bipartisan legislation to raise awareness regard-ing the alarming rate at which the South Asian community is developing heart disease and to invest in ways to reverse the trend. Coming from countries including India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Nepal, South Asians are the sixth largest and fastest growing ethnic group in the Nation. Despite a traditional diet that is high in lentils, vegetables, grains, and spices, heart disease is on the rise in these communities. A Stanford study has found that South Asians have a four times greater risk of developing heart disease than the general popu-lation and have a much greater risk of having a heart attack before the age of 50. Coupled with the prevalence of dia-betes in the South Asian community, something needs to be done. That is why we are introducing the South Asian Heart Health Awareness and Re-search Act. Specifically, our bill will create grants at the CDC, NIH, and USDA to fund heart health research and pro-motion among South Asian popu-lations. We hope, through doing this, that we can help save lives, develop tools, and support valuable research that can broadly benefit the American public. 
f 
PASSING EXTENSION OF THE VETERANS CHOICE ACT (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House was able to pass the extension of the Veterans Choice Act funding for an additional 6 months to allow veterans to have choices, the ability to not wait in long lines, long lists, and have local proximity to treatment and care that they need. We need to do much more on this in the future, but with today’s action, at least we can sustain that program for an additional amount of time and serve our veterans who served us so well. The Veterans Choice Act is a good outlet, a good opportunity for them to receive the care they need timely and in proximity to where they live. Mr. Speaker, let’s make sure the Sen-ate gets this through and our veterans are served well. f 
WORKING TOGETHER TO BUILD A HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, late last night, Senate Republicans failed in their latest attempt to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, but today is not a day for celebration. It is a day for solu-tions. Over the past 7 years, the Affordable Care Act has expanded access to healthcare for millions of Americans; but the law’s imperfections, combined with politically motivated opposition, have created a system that falls short of the goals we all share. In many communities across the country, there is not enough competi-tion in the individual marketplaces, there is not enough support for middle class families and small businesses, and there is not nearly enough being done to curb the prescription drug prices that are swallowing family budgets. The good news is that we know how to solve these challenges. Now is the time for us to work together, Demo-crats and Republicans, to build a healthcare system that is worthy of this great Nation. 
f 
HONORING RABBI AVROHOM HOFFMAN (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I take great pleasure in sharing this story of Rabbi Avrohom Hoffman, a truly re-markable man whose presence has illu-minated our community for decades. Rabbi Hoffman has called Wash-ington Heights his home for more than 35 years, fathering nine children with his wonderful wife, Miriam. He has served our community by teaching precollege students at a yeshiva and by providing spiritual guidance to those in great need. I am honored to have such an excep-tional individual in my district. I was recently informed that Rabbi Hoffman has donated his kidney to a 62-year-old woman diagnosed with polycystic kid-ney disease. His boundless acts of phi-lanthropy serve as a testament to his tremendous character and remind us of the power of human kindness. He serves as a role model to all of us, and I am proud to have recognized a man of such compassion and virtue on this floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.052 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6562 July 28, 2017 
WORKING TOGETHER TO IMPROVE OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, the collapse of TrumpCare in the Senate shows that we need a new way. The process from the very begin-ning was fatally flawed. The plan was really behind closed doors. There were no hearings. No witnesses, no doctors, no insurance plans, no patients, no nurses, nobody could testify in front of Congress and let people know about the current healthcare system. I am not ObamaCare. I am willing to work with Republicans, with the Presi-dent, with Democrats to update and improve ObamaCare. Any law can be made better, but to repeal ObamaCare without a plan is a really stupid way to go about it, and to repeal it with an even worse plan known as TrumpCare is an even more stupid way to go about it. The version that the House passed was going to cause 23 million people to lose their health insurance, increase premiums in 2018 and 2020, and then take people with preexisting conditions and give them enormously higher costs. No wonder the Senate killed that version. Now we are in a position where the Republicans, instead of trying four, five, six, seven, eight different versions of TrumpCare, they should do the one thing they haven’t yet tried, which is bipartisanship. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlemen from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ), who will make some comments as well. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, first of all, my experience with the Affordable Care Act actually comes from the State legislature, where, in a bipar-tisan manner, the Republican governor joined with the minority Democrats and a handful of Republicans in the Senate State House to pass Medicaid expansion. Why did we do that? If you looked at what was happening in Arizona, it was some of the Trump areas, as I like to call them, these rural districts where the rural hos-pitals, which are not only the medi-cally necessary infrastructure of the area but also the economic drivers, the only high-wage employers in the area, they were about to shut down. There was so much uncompensated cost, because people were using the emergency room as their primary care doctor, that these hospitals were start-ing to have to charge more and insur-ance companies were starting to refuse to pay more for their premiums, that they needed to respond to that. In the end, what we started hearing from these hospitals is that we are going to have to shut down the emer-gency room, and if you have an emer-gency, we are going to have to heli-copter you either to Tucson or Phoe-nix. Now, for many of you guys who are not Southwesterners like us in the Southwest, we have a lot of territory and a lot of land. For you to just drive to Phoenix for emergency care would be pretty insane, let alone the expense of helicoptering into Phoenix was even more so than that. Because we had the goal of actually increasing and improving our healthcare outcomes, we worked again in a bipartisan manner with Governor Brewer, with Republicans and Demo-crats to pass one of the most com-prehensive Medicaid expansion bills in the country that has actually turned around, lowered costs, created better healthcare outcomes, and has now in-sured more than 400,000 poor Arizonans that did not have it before, including people in the disability community, as well as children. b1315 To counteract what we saw today, if it wasn’t really for the bravery of Sen-ator MURKOWSKI , Senator C OLLINS , and Senator M
CCAIN, as well as all of the Senate Democrats, what we would have seen would have been a bill that would not only have just rolled back the mil-lions of people who are now covered with health insurance, but it would also have been detrimental to the peo-ple who currently have even private health insurance. Premiums were going to go up for ev-erybody. The estimated amount of peo-ple just on the so-called skinny bill that were going to lose health insur-ance would be 16 million people, and on the House bill it was going to be 23 mil-lion people, in addition to the essential gutting of Medicaid, all for giving a tax cut to the top 1 percent. Now, this is bad policy, but it is worse policy when you don’t have an open process to it, when you seek it through the middle of the night, hop-ing that the American public is just going to accept what comes out. There is a reason why TrumpCare was polling less than Congress, and trust me, it is very difficult to poll less than Congress. At this point, it is just our families that like us. Mr. TED LIEU of California. I like you. Mr. GALLEGO. I like you, too, T
ED. You are a good man. But the fact that we the American public knew so little, just knew enough, and said this bill is bad and were able to come out and put pressure on our Senators and our Members of Congress with public hearings and townhalls was key to stopping this. Lastly, before I move back to T
ED, if you are so proud of this bill, if you are the Senate Republicans and you are so proud of this bill, if you are Donald Trump and you are so proud of this bill, even our House colleagues, why didn’t you have consistent townhalls? Why didn’t you go out there and ex-plain to people what you were planning to do and why this is better for Amer-ica? Instead, they tried to hide it. They tried to move it as fast as possible, and then tried to schedule a vote in the middle of the night. If you have to vote for something in the middle of the night, it means you are not very con-fident and you are not very proud of that bill. So what is the solution now? Nobody in the Democratic Caucus thinks the Affordable Care Act—or ObamaCare, as some people call it—is the be-all and end-all. We don’t think it is perfect. We certainly think that there is a great bi-partisan approach we can take to make it better. And what I mean by ‘‘better’’ is more coverage, lower premiums, and better healthcare outcomes. When I use those words, those were almost exactly, word for word, what Donald Trump said he wanted to see happen when he was going to replace the Affordable Care Act. But, point by point, whether it was the bill that came through the House or the bill that came through the Sen-ate, none of those would have even fit Donald Trump’s mandate. Which is why, at the end of the day, that bill was radioactive. Nobody liked it, and they had to hide it. So what we should do is follow the advice of Senator MCCAINin Arizona, follow the example of Senators M
UR-
KOWSKI and C OLLINS and all of the Sen-ate Democrats: get back to regular order and work out an actual fix to the Affordable Care Act and get Americans more coverage, lower premiums, and better healthcare outcomes. I say that also as someone who is on an ObamaCare plan. I am not exempt from it, and neither is Mr. L
IEU. We are in it just as much as everyone else is, and we want to see it fixed. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, Representative G
ALLEGO and I both served on Active Duty in the United States military. Before we could do that, we had to take an oath to the Constitution. That is the same oath that Members of Congress take, and it is also an oath that members of the executive branch take. Under the Constitution, Congress passes the laws. ObamaCare is the law of the land. Under the Constitution, the President has a duty to enforce those laws. Today, the President tweeted that he wants ObamaCare to implode. Not only is that mean, mean, mean, it is also a dereliction of duty. The job of the President is to help Americans, not hurt millions of Americans out of spite. Let me give you an example of what it was like before ObamaCare. I was at a restaurant and a waitress came up to me. She knew I was a legis-lator. I was in the State legislature at the time, and she wanted help. Her daughter had just turned 18, and, in California, where I am from, you can-not get government health insurance if you don’t have any minor children. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.054 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6563 July 28, 2017 
she lost her government health insur-ance. She was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. She tried to get private insurance. None of them would cover her. And I realized that she is now going to slowly die because she could not get health insurance coverage. She could not go into an emergency room and get treatment because her breast cancer had not progressed to that point. But one day she is going to get to that point. She will go to an emergency room; she will get treated for a few days; and then she will die. And I thought, in a country as great as America, that should never be hap-pening. Now that the Affordable Care Act is the law of the land, you cannot be dis-criminated against because of your pre-existing conditions. There are some in-credibly amazing elements of this law. That is why the Republicans could not repeal it. Because the American people, after looking at it for 7 years, the ma-jority said, you know, this is a pretty good deal. Is it the best deal? No. We could definitely make it better. Mr. Speaker, Representative G
ALLEGO and I are offering to the Re-publicans and Speaker R
YANto engage in bipartisanship. The one thing we are asking the Speaker to do is to not en-able the President to sabotage the Af-fordable Care Act. Not only is that wrong, but it would be enabling his dereliction of duty, and it will cause millions of Americans to suffer greatly just out of spite. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, if you want to hear some ideas—and I think it is important that instead of just us knocking what was introduced, we could also give some ideas—certainly, for me, and I think I am also speaking for T
EDLIEU, we would prefer to have Medicare for all, so people have a sta-ble insurance, a system that we know works, a system that actually brings down costs. But if we can’t do that, there are many things we can do in the meantime. Why not drop the age of Medicare eli-gibility to 55? If you do that, you are going to also decrease premiums for people who are not on Medicare, people who are just buying private health in-surance. You could be on Medicare at 55 and still be working. What about for those counties that don’t have private insurers on the sub-sidized market? They should be able to buy into the Federal health insurance plans of all of the workers who live in those districts, or buy into the plans that T
EDand I have. Why can’t we let them do that? Why not cover every U.S. citizen up until the age of 18 under Medicaid to relieve the parents of that burden? We can also start looking at commu-nity health centers, reinforcing those to make sure that we are taking the poorest of the poor who actually cost the most when it comes to healthcare costs and, instead of forcing them into a hospital or into a primary care situa-tion, they could get consistent care without putting a burden on the over-all medical system. There are tons of ideas that we could be working on with our colleagues that will, again, fulfill President Trump’s goal of lower costs, lower premiums, and better healthcare outcomes. So this doesn’t have to be a static situa-tion. This doesn’t have to be an either/ or. President Trump is making it sound like, because we did not pass his idea of reform, we must collapse the whole system. That is unnecessary, that is ir-responsible, and that is not how adult people that legislate act. You can fix this. We can fix this so more people can have healthcare cov-erage, more people can have that secu-rity that they are going to always have health insurance so they can go and start a business and know they are going to have health insurance, know that they can send their kid to college and they are still going to have health insurance, know that they can retire knowing that they have been healthy the whole time and they are going to have a good, dignified retirement be-cause we had made sure that we estab-lished a good healthcare system from the time they were born until the time they retire. This is possible. This is possible. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the House of Representatives is going to go on re-cess in August. Now is the time for millions of people across America to contact their Member, ask them to hold townhalls, ask them to explain their vote on the awful TrumpCare leg-islation that passed the House, and ask them to now work with Democrats and work on a bipartisan basis to improve ObamaCare. Now is the time for mil-lions of Americans to speak up. They have the entire month of August to contact their Member of Congress, and I urge them to do so. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, lastly, I will close with this. If you were one of those Members of Congress, if you are a Republican Senator or a Republican Member of Congress who voted to gut the Affordable Care Act, there is time. There is a way to come back from that really bad decision. You can turn around and start working for the bet-terment of this country by trying to fix the Affordable Care Act. The American public will look kindly upon those legislators who are here to work in a bipartisan manner to, again, lower costs, lower premiums, and pro-vide more coverage and better healthcare outcomes. There is time to do this. But there is not time for more opportunities to gut this, for more time to kick people off Medicaid, or for more time to create some kind of situ-ation that is only go to raise pre-miums. If we allow Trump to actually, in his words, make the whole thing fail, it is not ObamaCare that fails, it is not the Affordable Care Act that fails—it is the American people that fail. He is play-ing a game with the lives of the Amer-ican people. What he is going to do is he is going to cause millions of people to either lose their insurance because insurance companies are going to have to start shedding people, or premiums are going to end up going up because, if he cre-ates instability in the market, these insurance companies are going to try to recoup their costs somehow, and it is going to discourage younger individ-uals from actually coming on and buy-ing into the ObamaCare insurance pool, which, again, will raise premiums. This is unnecessary. Mr. Speaker, for those Members of Congress and those Senators who want to work with us, the first step is to en-courage and stop the President from sabotaging the Affordable Care Act and to work diligently in a bipartisan man-ner to fix the Affordable Care Act and cover more people. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO LEBANON—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–59) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days of the anniversary date of its dec-laration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Leb-anon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to con-tinue in effect beyond August 1, 2017. Certain ongoing activities, such as continuing arms transfers to Hizballah that include increasingly sophisticated weapons systems, undermine Lebanese sovereignty, contribute to political and economic instability in the region, and continue to constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.055 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6564 July 28, 2017 
determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , July 28, 2017. 
f 
MEGAN RONDINI The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk today about a person, a person that I never got to meet, but this is her story, and this is her story from her point of view and the informa-tion that I have received from people who knew her, including her parents, her aunt, and some of her friends. And, like I said, I don’t know the real facts of this case. I am just giving you my opinion, and I am here today to tell Megan Rondini’s story, because she can’t tell her case, Mr. Speaker. I am co-chair of the Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ), my friend. I was a former prosecutor in Houston, Texas, for 8 years. I tried felony cases. And then I was a criminal court judge for 22 years, seeing all kinds of viola-tions of the law. I mention that be-cause that is the background from which I speak. Over that time, I knew a lot of vic-tims of crime. Too many victims of crime worked their way through the courthouse. I am going to talk about another one today: Megan Rondini. b1330 She was 19 or 20 when she was a stu-dent at the University of Alabama, and on July 1, 2015, Megan and some of her friends, sorority friends, went to a nearby bar, as we would term it in the old days, where a lot of students in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, went for meeting other folks and hanging out. She came in contact with an indi-vidual whose name was Terry Jackson Bunn, Jr. His nickname was Sweet T. Sweet T—being from the South, you can understand somebody being called that, Mr. Speaker. He was a patron of this establish-ment. He was older. He was in his early thirties. Megan was approximately 20. He invited her to go over to his house, to look at his house, because he and his family live in a big mansion in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. She agreed to go. He went with another individual that he knew, and they went over to his house. They go upstairs, and here is where the problem and the crime apparently started. He takes her into his bedroom. She says: This is not a good idea. She may have been intoxicated, but apparently later during that evening, she is drugged or under the influence of drugs and really was not coherent dur-ing this time, according to her, later. He sexually assaulted her. She did not consent. She did not consent. And she, from that day on, told everybody who talked to her about this case she did not consent. He had sexual intercourse with her. He falls asleep on the bed. She gets up. She tries to get out of this upstairs room. There is a dead bolt on the door, apparently. She couldn’t get out. She couldn’t figure out how to get out, so she climbs out the second- story window in the middle of the night and jumps from the second-story window to a trash can on the ground. She doesn’t have her keys. She didn’t know where they are. So his car is parked there, a Mercedes, sleek Mer-cedes, which he picked her up in ear-lier. She gets in the car, looks for her keys. She doesn’t have any money, so she takes money out of the vehicle to call a cab, to pay for the cab so she could get away, and the cab later shows up. During this time, she is texting her friends, asking for them to come get her. The text messages maybe didn’t make a whole lot of sense because of the condition that she is in. She eventually gets to the hospital, the place where sexual assault victims usually go first to get medical atten-tion. She goes to the hospital there in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and while there, she told her story, even though she was somewhat still under the influence of drugs, probably. And while there, a Women and Gender Resource Center advocate shows up at the hospital. The hospital people take what we call in the vernacular in law enforce-ment, as you used to be, a rape kit. It is called a sexual assault kit now. They take that sexual assault kit and they perform that examination, but they didn’t take any blood and they didn’t take any urine and they didn’t test Megan for whether she was under the influence of drugs. They did the sexual assault kit. Along the route, the sexual assault kit gets to the sheriff’s department, and we don’t know what happened to it after that. It was never tested. As far as I know, it hasn’t been tested yet. They don’t know where it is. Maybe the sheriff’s department has it, maybe they don’t, but that sexual assault kit, like I said, was never tested. So after she is there, or while she is there, the police, the sheriff’s depart-ment show up and they question her briefly. It appears that these two homi-cide detectives heard her story, and they didn’t take any notes about it. They just listened to her story. What transpired there maybe was not a lot of information given to the police, except she told her story. She told the police she didn’t consent, that she may be under the influence of drugs, drug- induced rape, and they left. The next morning, Megan, staying up all this time, the police, either at the first or the second interview, wanted to know why she didn’t physically resist, why she didn’t fight back this older man. And she was under the influence of drugs. Under most laws in most States, she couldn’t physically fight back, and that is the lack of consent. She didn’t give consent. And it is still sexual as-sault, but apparently not so to the sheriff’s department in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. She didn’t fight back. Now, I am older than you are, Mr. Speaker, but I remember the days of these old, archaic rape laws where, in many States, the victim had to fight almost until death. The statutory limi-tation on sexual assault or rape was 1 year. That is when the victim only had a year to have that case indicted. And there are some other things about the old law that we both know, but I will get to that, hopefully, later. But it was obvious to her, either at the first interview and at least the sec-ond interview, the sheriff’s department did not believe her. When she told them who the alleged perpetrator was, Sweet T Bunn, they seemed to back off the prosecution. Sweet T Bunn comes from a family in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, well-known, prominent citizens. The Bunn folks run a construction company, probably built every road in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Ev-erybody knew who they were. And they backed off, according to her, of the in-vestigation, still not taking, appar-ently, any real notes. On the second interview later that morning with the police, the police started accusing her of committing a crime. So the victim no longer is the victim, but becomes the accused, the defendant, about the money that she took from Bunn’s car so she could get a cab to flee the perpetrator. The police interviewed TJ Bunn. He first denied she was ever at his man-sion, and then later he changed his story, as accused individuals tend to do, and then said it was consent, that she consented to everything and that this is not a criminal case. And the po-lice further backed off and then later said to Megan: We think we are going to prosecute you for theft of that money to get home and get away from the offender unless you drop the charges, the accusations against Sweet T. Mr. Speaker, we need, as a commu-nity, to understand and put ourselves in the place of this girl who is alone. And I believe, all through that night, she made the best decisions she could to get help, and everywhere she turned, people turned her down. Now, I don’t know what most victims would do in this case, but she didn’t know what to do. She called her mom in Austin, Texas. Mom quickly gets in her car and starts driving to Alabama, as mothers do, wanting to know how she should handle this particular situa-tion: she is becoming the accused. And that is the trump card that the police put on her: You back off the prosecu-tion, and we won’t prosecute you for theft and maybe other crimes that you committed. So Megan left, not knowing what to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.022 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6565 July 28, 2017 
So the sheriff’s department doesn’t believe her, doesn’t want to believe her, and takes the alleged perpetrator and makes him the victim and makes her the accused individual. So the sher-iff’s department has the rape kit— never tested. The sheriff’s department is accusing the victim of committing a crime. So she seeks relief from the Univer-sity of Alabama. She goes there and she talks to a lady who was a counselor for students at the University of Ala-bama, a female, and tells her the whole story again: No consent; I was sexually assaulted. After the story is told to the coun-selor, the counselor apparently says: I can’t help you. I know the Bunn fam-ily. I have a relative that works for Bunn Construction. I cannot help you, and I am backing off and recusing my-self of this case—the counselor. What does Megan do? Well, the uni-versity gives her another counselor, who I wouldn’t say is a real counselor. It is a graduate assistant. And the graduate assistant talks to Megan and says: ‘‘I can’t talk to you until you take medication for your anxiety.’’ Well, no kidding she has anxiety be-cause of what has happened to her over these several hours. And that was the last we heard of the University of Alabama physical thera-pist. She backs off because she has anx-iety. The district attorney, eventually, about 3 weeks later, said: We are not prosecuting this case. No case, no sex-ual assault, believes the sheriff’s de-partment, believes it is consent, and they are not prosecuting the case. Later, it turns out, Mr. Speaker, and I don’t know if this influenced these people’s decisions or not, but we learn that the defendant’s family, the con-struction company, gave financial con-tributions to the sheriff’s department, to the district attorney’s office cam-paign, and to the University of Ala-bama, where they apparently are big contributors. I don’t know if that influ-enced all of this or not, but you can take it for what you want. But anyway, they backed off the case. Megan, because it is the summer break, leaves and goes back home to Texas. She wants to get away from the University of Alabama because she had seen the defendant on campus. He is not a student there. She had told the people on the campus: I am very wor-ried about me because of this person being on campus. She leaves the university, asking the title IX folks to help her transfer her university education from the Univer-sity of Alabama to SMU, and she leaves. Apparently, she did not get co-operation, according to her, for a cou-ple of months from the title IX folks, which is another issue that I am not going to go into, and enrolls in the uni-versity at SMU, needing a letter from Alabama to get into another univer-sity, as all kids need to have nowadays. She is at SMU. She seeks medical help in Texas. The doctor told her that the findings were apparently post-trau-matic stress, anxiety, depression, all from this criminal case that happened against her, always telling folks she didn’t consent. She never changed her rendition of the case. She wasn’t doing very well. She saw a counselor at SMU and wanted help with depression when she is filling out her medical history form that goes to the university at SMU in Dallas, Texas. b1345 She said she had mental issues. She said that she had bad thoughts about living. And then later, on February 26, 2016, with that form laying next to her, Megan committed suicide. She took her life. Why? My opinion, because she never got any help. She couldn’t get help from the hospital because of the urine test; no drug test, no blood test; the rape kit never analyzed by the police department, sheriff’s department; the sheriff’s department didn’t believe her? Like I said, in my opinion, they didn’t want to believe her. The university didn’t help her. They gave her a graduate assistant to try to help her with her mental case, told her to get on medication. Mr. Speaker, Megan did everything that she should have done under those situations. It is easy for society, in cases like this, to always say to vic-tims of crime, especially rape cases: You should have done this; you shouldn’t have done that. And there is a lot of second-guessing going on in this case by a lot of people. But, as a prosecutor, former judge, I think she did the best she could to get help, and she got no help. When people are desperate, when they feel like nobody cares, that no-body is going to help them, in a sexual assault case, where—to me, that is one of the worst crimes that can be com-mitted against a person—they are des-perate, and she didn’t think life was worth living because of this case. Over the years, I have learned a lot from sexual assault victims, and one thing that they all want is validation. They want validation from us—commu-nity, society, government—that that act they said happened to them did happen. That is what they want. Some-times they want that more than pros-ecution or apprehension of the of-fender, is validation that we believe them. She didn’t get that validation, except for her family, and so she took her own life. What a tragedy. So that is why I am here today. Megan can’t talk about what happened to her, but we can. We, as Members of Congress, are really in the people busi-ness, and that is why I am in Congress. I know that is why you are in Congress. So what are we going to do about this? What has happened in the in-terim? Well, at the hospital, because of the failures—no drug testing, no urine test-ing, the loss of the sexual assault kit, rape kit, or not being analyzed—my-self, C
AROLYN MALONEY , Democrat from New York, and also, T
ERRI SE-
WELL , who represents this area in Ala-bama, have filed the Megan Rondini Act on her behalf. Now, what does that do? So this leg-islation will require hospitals in our country, wherever they are, to have a SAFE at that hospital. What is a SAFE? It is a Sexual Assault Forensic Examiner. Some hospitals do, some don’t; but this law will require you have one at your hospital 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or be able to take a sexual assault victim to one place close by that has this type of examiner. It is a special recognition for people in the sexual assault business, whether they are a nurse or whether they are a doctor, and we filed that legislation. Maybe that would have helped in this case where the sexual assault examiner would have finished the examination, made sure that the testing was done, or had some examiner near this hospital. So we filed this. It is called the Megan Rondini Act. That is one of the pieces of legislation we filed. I want to talk about the law enforce-ment agency. Now, you know as much about law enforcement as anybody in Congress, but let me tell you the way I see this. They never tested the sexual assault kit, the rape kit, the urine sample. They questioned her because why didn’t she resist? Why didn’t she fight back? When a person is drug-induced in a sexual assault, they can’t fight back. They certainly can’t consent, but that is what they were asking her, even though that didn’t apply in this case. She couldn’t fight back. She didn’t fight back because of what happened to her when she was drugged or under the influence of something. And then they accused her of being a criminal. Rather than examining her case and finishing her case, they went on to take the defendant’s position, say they believed him, even though he gave contradictory stories later in this in-vestigation. We have a piece of legislation that has already been filed to deal with sex-ual assault kits, and I have introduced legislation today to reauthorize SAFER. SAFER is a piece of legisla-tion Congress needs to reauthorize to have rape kits throughout the country examined. There are thousands of sex-ual assault cases sitting on the shelves, sitting in warehouses; some have been destroyed they are so old, where law enforcement, government, has not ana-lyzed those sexual assault rape kits. There are a lot of excuses made— there is not money, all of those things. They need to be examined in all crimi-nal cases. SAFER provides funding to do that so that the backlogged evi-dence gets tested and so that it con-victs the guilty and clears the inno-cent. That is the second piece of legis-lation that we have filed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.060 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6566 July 28, 2017 
The district attorney’s office, after Megan committed suicide, after they had refused to do anything about the case, almost a year later, they took the case to a grand jury, and it was not in-dicted. It was no-billed. Now, I have presented cases to the grand jury. I am sure you have testi-fied before grand juries. Unfortunately, some district attorneys, I am not say-ing all, or even most—the grand jury does the will of the district attorney. If the district attorney encourages an in-dictment, that person is indicted. If they encourage and recommend a no- bill, not indicted, grand juries will do that. Some prosecutors don’t offer advice. They let the grand jury make that de-cision because that is their decision. I don’t know if that happened in this case or not. But they did decide to present the case to a grand jury, and it was not indicted. She was not indicted, or the defendant was not indicted. Of course, nothing could happen to her. She has already taken her own life. The university made some mistakes, in my opinion. The school victim advo-cate abandoned her at the hospital where she was. On campus, the counselor, even though hearing the case, full story, at the end—this is interesting—at the end, decided to recuse herself because she knew the Bunn family. She knew the Bunn family when this interview started. Why didn’t she recuse herself before the victim tells the story again to another person, to another stranger? Interesting turn of events. Graduate assistant, in my opinion, didn’t have any qualifications to order that she get medical treatment before she comes back to talk to the folks at the hospital. We have filed a resolution, it is a sense of Congress resolution, Mr. Speaker, calling on all universities to employ a full-time victim advocate on campus who deals with sexual assault victims, have that expertise. And it is an expertise. A victim advocate needs to be specified to be a sexual assault victim advocate, because, you can talk about a victim advocate, that could be somebody talking about a theft case or something, but you need a sexual as-sault victim advocate on campus, no matter what university this happens to be. It is a sense of Congress. It is a reso-lution that has been filed today. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 34 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me—this is Megan Rondini. This is the way she looked when she was a stu-dent. We have heard a lot about her, as we should. But now I want to talk about the family of the alleged perpetrator, Sweet T, and the Bunn family. Well- known business in the community. Good for them. Business is doing well. They give money to the university. As I mentioned, apparently they give money to the campaigns of the sheriff and the district attorney, and they make other contributions throughout the Tuscaloosa region. Apparently, ev-erybody knows them. They are so concerned about this case that this is a full-page ad taken out of one of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, newspapers this week defending their honor, as we would say in the South. And it goes into quite a bit of detail. What it does is attack the victim of this crime. It almost justifies the de-fendant’s, the accused’s, position. All through this ad, they talk about a lot of things. I want to read you just part of it. Here’s just one paragraph talking about their three generations of civic involvement in Tuscaloosa, Alabama: 
We support education. We support law en-forcement. We support our hospital and civic. We are generous, and now we are con-demned as if it is a conspiracy. The Bunn family, for more than 70 years, have given their time, energy, and resources to make our community a better place to live. Now, according to some journalists, every act of charity and good citizenship was nothing more than a large standing con-spiracy. If no deed goes unpunished then why should anyone invest in our community to take the risk of being a good citizen? 
They are defending their honor. They are defending Sweet T. And all through this ad, taken out this week, they never mention sympathy or compas-sion or sadness for the death of the vic-tim in this crime. That seems very strange to me. Regardless of guilt or innocence, we know that a person took their life because of what happened. I find that very strange. They seem to protest too much—full- page ad in a local newspaper. The parents of Megan, Mike and Cindy Rondini, they are just folks who live in Austin, Texas. Robin, the aunt, she is a constituent of mine in Hous-ton. And just listening to them talk, there sure is a different side of the story about compassion than what we hear from the Bunn folks. Mr. Speaker, I will try to sum this up. I appreciate your patience. I men-tioned I have known a lot of sexual as-sault victims. Years ago, before you were born, I was prosecuting in Hous-ton, Texas. b1400 I am going to change the name of the victim in this case because of concerns about privacy for her family. Lisa was a student at the University of Houston, working a second job. She leaves school one evening at about 9 o’clock p.m. or so. She is driving north on one of our interstates—or freeways, as we call them. She has car trouble. She pulls off the freeway, goes to a service station she thought was open. It was not open. An individual comes up to her, has a pistol—Luke, we will call him—kid-naps her, sexually assaults her, and abandons her. She is later found in a very traumatic emotional state some-where in the area. The police are called. They figure out who the perpe-trator was, they go out and arrest him, investigate the case. One thing I want to mention that happens in most cases that didn’t hap-pen in Megan’s case, the police didn’t talk to any witnesses. They didn’t talk to the witnesses at the bar. They didn’t talk to any of Megan’s friends. They didn’t talk to anybody. They just talked to the alleged perpetrator and to Megan. No investigation. Anyway, the investigation is done, Luke is captured. It turns out he is an ex-con for sexual assault—rape, as we called it in those days. Lisa convinced herself that she would testify. She comes to the courthouse. I prosecuted the case. She went through every detail. And you remember, Mr. Speaker, years ago, before the law started hav-ing justice in it, sexual assault victims had to tell their whole sexual life be-fore strangers. Of course the defendant, you never could go into the sexual life of the defendant, but the defense could always go into it on a victim. She goes through the trial. Twelve right-thinking folks on a jury con-victed the offender. That same jury gave him 99 years in the penitentiary of Texas, what he earned, what he de-served. We would hope that life would go on, that justice is done, and that every-body is satisfied that justice is done. But that doesn’t always work. Lisa lost her job, dropped out of school, started abusing alcohol, drugs, a lot of stuff. She married, had two kids. Her husband, being the kind of guy he was, apparently decided to leave her and took the two kids and went somewhere else. It wasn’t long after that I got a call from Lisa’s mom telling me that she had taken her own life and left a note saying: ‘‘I am tired of running from Luke in my nightmares.’’ Another victim years ago, and I give her example only because we need to understand that this is one of the worst things that can happen to a person. One other case. I prosecuted a case where a guy was charged with sexually assaulting an elderly woman. She came to the courthouse to testify. Sadie. I will use her first name. She was dressed in a dark gray suit, long skirt, double-breasted coat. She had on a dark gray hat and a little veil over her face. She took the witness stand. I asked her: What happened when this perpe-trator that you have identified came into your house? She said: He committed an act worse than death. I asked: What do you mean? What did he do? Did he assault you? What did he do? She said: He committed an act worse than death. Finally, she testified to the legal re-quirement of penetration. To some sexual assault victims, rape is a fate worse than death. To Megan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.062 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6567 July 28, 2017 
she got the death penalty for being a sexual assault victim. She couldn’t quite handle it. Why? Because no one was there to make sure that she did handle it. Mr. Speaker, sexual assault preda-tors—and that is what they are. You can call it rape, you can call it sexual assault, you can call it a fate worse than death—sometimes steal the soul of the victim. That is the way the vic-tims feel. Everything that was impor-tant to them is gone because of the perpetrator. I think the best evidence, unfortu-nately, that Megan, in my opinion, was telling the truth throughout all of this was that she took her life. That is what makes this case so sad. Sexual assault or rape, Mr. Speaker, is never the fault of the victim. Never. Never. And some folks want to look at this and say: Megan, you should have done this, you should have done that, you shouldn’t have gone with him, you shouldn’t have been drunk, you shouldn’t have allowed him to get you intoxicated on drugs, whatever. I think most of them do the best they can in trying to get justice. She went to the hospital and was de-nied help. The sheriff’s department, in her opinion, denied help. In fact, they accused her of being the perpetrator. They didn’t investigate, they didn’t talk to witnesses. She goes to a univer-sity that gets Federal funds trying to get help and was denied. Denied. De-nied. Denied. She leaves, she goes back to Texas, tries to enroll in another university, and before all that is completed, she takes her life. I hope we can understand not just this case and not just Megan, but we can understand the plight and the awful things that happen to some of our young women in our country. The same Constitution that protects defendants of crime, protects victims of crime. They are entitled to equal protection under the law. I am talking about victims of crime. If we under-stand that principle, we will under-stand justice. We will understand what we are all about; that we are in the people business. In this House of Rep-resentatives on this late Friday after-noon, we need to understand that. Justice means different things to dif-ferent folks. But justice must be bal-anced between the rights of the ac-cused and the rights of the victim so that we do the right thing for the right reason in every case. Mr. Speaker, you know this in doing investigations in your capacity before, and I want to reiterate this. Some-times victims just never get over it. They just never do. We should be there with them. I am talking about the community should be there with them and at least hear them out and make a rational and just decision, regardless of who the offender is: poor, rich, famous, somebody in the community, big con-tributor, whatever; and no matter who the victim is, same background: poor, rich, famous. That should go away in determining justice. Otherwise, we don’t have justice for all. We only have justice for a few. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time, I appreciate the patience of the House of Representatives when I wanted to talk today about Megan Rondini. This case bothers me as a father of four kids, three of them girls; twelve grand-children, eight of them girls. It bothers me as a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives and as a former person who worked at the courthouse for over 30 years. I hope it bothers the House of Rep-resentatives so we move forward with trying to get help for folks like this, that we pass legislation that requires a safe officer at hospitals, that we pass legislation as a House resolution that it is a sense of Congress that all uni-versities have on campus a sexual as-sault victim’s advocate or coordinator, as the law says. I thank C
AROLYN MALONEY from New York and T
ERRI SEWELL from Alabama, who represents this area, for cospon-soring this bill. I ask the leadership to move this leg-islation forward. But let’s not forget about Megan’s family and Megan’s case and the thing that happened to her that just can’t happen anymore. Jus-tice can be served, it shall be served, because justice is what we do, Mr. Speaker. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I would ask how much time is left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 17 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF EMIL OGDEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is recognized for the re-mainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman for Texas sharing the story about Megan with this Cham-ber, and I look forward to supporting him in his efforts to try to keep these things from happening again in the fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Emil Ogden of College Station, Texas, who passed away on July 25, 2017. Emil Ogden was born on September 15, 1927, in Blackwell, Oklahoma. He was raised by his loving mother, Mary Ogden, in Bowling Green, Missouri. Growing up during the worst of the Great Depression, Emil experienced poverty firsthand and lived in a one- room house. To provide for her son, Emil’s mother worked as a maid at his grandfather’s hotel for $2 a week. To help the family, Emil worked any odd job he could find. During this time, an act of kindness from a member of the local Rotary Club would change his life. Emil was enamored with baseball and would often visit the local hardware store owned by Rotary Club member Ed Dunlap. Ed noticed that Emil loved baseball but could not afford the equip-ment. He sent a bat, a glove, and a ball to Emil. The care that Ed and the Ro-tary members showed to Emil put his life on a better course. Emil valued their support, once stat-ing: ‘‘I could have been very rebellious as a child. Things like poverty can make you grow up with some resent-ment. But all of a sudden, I had a whole town of surrogate fathers, and they cared about me. It motivated me to be a better example as a young man. The leaders of the community who we respected were all members of the Ro-tary, and I didn’t want to disappoint them after they had taken an interest in me.’’ In 1945, Emil joined the U.S. Army Air Corps and was assigned to the 503rd Army Air Forces Base Unit, better known as the Brass Hat Squadron. The Brass Hat Squadron was a group of es-teemed Army pilots whose job it was to fly high-profile persons around the world to significant events. Based out of Washington National Airport, the squadron flew senior gov-ernment officials, including senators and congressmen, U.S. and foreign dig-nitaries and, military leaders, among others. Personally, Emil flew dignitaries to events such as the Nuremberg war trials, the atomic bomb tests on Bikini Atoll, and the national independence celebration in the Philippines. Due to his service in the military, Emil had visited more than 30 countries before his 20th birthday. In 1947, Emil married his high school sweetheart and the love of his life, Clementine Lindeman. b1415 Clementine was the center of Emil’s life for over 69 years. Her support and encouragement always kept Emil grounded. Their love and commitment to each other, their Catholic faith, and the values upon which they built their lives, endured until his death. Together they had six children, whom they both loved dearly. At the time of his pass-ing, their legacy included 22 grand-children, and 12 great-grandchildren. After his service in World War II, Emil went on to play professional base-ball in the minor leagues, playing for both the Brooklyn Dodgers’ and the Baltimore Orioles’ organizations. His career lasted from 1949 to 1953. His baseball career took place in west Texas, first for the Midland Indians and then for the Odessa Oilers. During his playing days, Emil met several baseball legends, including Jackie Rob-inson. Emil’s baseball career came to a close when Clementine gave him an ul-timatum: either stay married or keep playing baseball. Emil was a wise man, and he chose to focus on marriage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.064 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6568 July 28, 2017 
Emil began college at Texas A&M University as part of the class of 1953. In the 1980s, he finished a degree in phi-losophy while he was in his sixties. Upon finishing his degree later in life, Emil said: ‘‘Too many of us grow older and we sit back and say, ‘Well, I’ve lived my life. There’s nothing else to do. I’ll try to live on my past experi-ences and past knowledge and hope that I survive with some dignity.’ I think that person has already partially died.’’ Emil’s love for learning and his intellectual curiosity would continue through the end of his life. In 1953, Emil returned to Abilene, Texas, to begin his career in the oil in-dustry. While starting his career, he worked odd jobs to help make ends meet for his growing family. One of those odd jobs was playing the trumpet in local dance bands on the weekends. In 1973, his independent oil and gas operations hit it big when the prop-erties he was leasing dramatically in-creased in value, creating the nucleus of Emil’s business success. The oil and gas business eventually brought Emil back to College Station in 1979, where he would be instrumental in developing the successful Bryan Woodbine Oil Field in the 1980s. Passionate about educating youth, Emil helped found the Ogden-Chaparral Entertainment Company, where he pro-duced an educational children’s tele-vision show called ‘‘ImagineLane’’ in the 1990s. The first show aired on KAMU-TV in the Brazos Valley and was eventually shown on stations all across the United States. Even with all of his business accom-plishments, Emil will best be remem-bered for his philanthropic efforts in the Brazos Valley. His upbringing in poverty and struggles during early life are something Emil never forgot, and it made him empathize with those in need. He served on the board of directors for the local Boys & Girls Club, in mul-tiple positions for the Knights of Co-lumbus, as chairman of the Arrow Moon District of the Boy Scouts of America, and he was also a member of the Bryan Rotary Club. A lifelong conservative, Emil also gave to many conservative causes, in-cluding donating the seed money to the 40 Days for Life campaign, which began at College Station and advocated for pro-life causes around the world today. He also sponsors three Habitat for Humanity homes, saying that it was ‘‘my way of giving thanks.’’ Mr. Speaker, Emil Ogden worked tirelessly for the Brazos Valley. He is loved in Bryan-College Station and cer-tainly left an enduring impression on our community. He will be forever re-membered as a great philanthropist, humanitarian, businessman, husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, pro-life champion, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Ogden family. We also lift up the family and friends of Emil Ogden in our prayers. I have requested that the United States flag be flown over the Nation’s Capitol today to honor the life and leg-acy of Emil Ogden. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us from threats here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES LOUIS MAXWELL, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 30 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the life of the late James Louis Maxwell, Jr., a gentleman from a small eastern North Carolina county, whose innovative mind and en-trepreneurial spirit helped grow his grandfather’s local milling company into a thriving international agri-business. Louis Maxwell’s story is cer-tainly one of commercial and financial success, but it is, more importantly, Mr. Speaker, about a life devoted to family and community. On January 9, 1927, in Wayne County, North Carolina, James Louis Maxwell and his wife, Ruth Herring, welcomed the birth of a son, Louis, Jr. He was an active youngster and became involved in Boy Scouts, proudly earning his Eagle Scout badge. He would later say that scouting had a transformational impact on him, and he remained ac-tively involved with the Scouts throughout his life. Louis’ grandfather, Hugh Maxwell, founded Goldsboro Milling Company in 1916, a family business, which is hon-ored, Mr. Speaker, to celebrate 101 years of business this year. The com-pany began with the production of var-ious feeds for farm animals, along with milling cornmeal and making grits. Young Louis, a graduate of Goldsboro High School, attended Davidson Col-lege, but left to serve his country dur-ing World War II. After completing his Naval service, Louis enrolled in UNC- Chapel Hill, graduating in 1950 with a degree in commerce. Proud of, and loyal to his deep roots in eastern North Carolina, he returned home to Goldsboro and immediately began working in the family business, and he rose quickly through the ranks. Louis was always looking at ways to expand the family business, and he began the company’s efforts in raising turkeys, hoping that eastern North Carolina would be favorable to growing those large birds. Turkey production grew rapidly, and today, Mr. Speaker, Louis’ vision and hard work have helped his company become the largest producer and processor of turkeys in the world, having acquired Butterball Company some years ago. Continuing to grow agribusiness across the United States, Louis ex-panded his family’s ventures, becoming a major swine producer, along with timber and blueberry farming. His vi-sionary acumen has now carried through five generations of the Max-well family and shows no signs of slow-ing down. Yet, despite all of the many achieve-ments of this good man—and I have really not even touched the surface of those achievements—he is truly a hum-ble person. To Louis Maxwell, helping folks in his communities, by providing good jobs and many opportunities, was one of the most honorable things he thought a man could do to serve his fellow man. He expected much from himself and from those he employed, and he was pleased to reward loyalty and hard work. His outlet, when he wasn’t working hard, what he liked to do was spend his time outdoors. Louis was the ultimate outdoorsman. If it wasn’t hunting sea-son, it was fishing season. His children were right there with him, and they say that he was still out in the boat fishing even in his later years. They al-ways stuck to one rule, though, which was: he had to clean the fish that he caught. Louis was a born and bred Methodist and was a lifelong member of St. Paul’s Methodist Church in Goldsboro. No matter where he was, Mr. Speaker, he never met a stranger, never walked past someone without saying hello, and he was a proud American. He loved his flag, and he loved his country. But most importantly, he spent more than 60 years married to the love of his life, Mary Ann Jeffreys, until she passed in 2014. Together, they had four children, eight grandchildren, and now a great-grandchild. Louis was very proud of his family, as they were of him. He cherished his role as a hus-band, father, and grandfather. In his lifetime, Louis Maxwell en-riched countless lives in ways too many to express. He will truly be missed. He was a friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JULY 28, 2017, TO TUESDAY, AU-GUST 1, 2017 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Tuesday next. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
IMPORTANT ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has been a deeply troubling last 12 hours— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.066 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6569 July 28, 2017 
24 hours, I guess. The House went about trying to repeal the—and it is just tough to say—Affordable Care Act be-cause of the thousands of people we have heard from in my district in the last 7 years who have just been dev-astated by the costs that skyrocketed, the premiums that skyrocketed, the deductibles that skyrocketed, the criti-cally important doctor or medicine or facility that President Obama prom-ised they could keep that was taken away by ObamaCare. It is just hard to call it the Affordable Care Act because it has cost some people everything. But every Republican had promised we would repeal ObamaCare. It is pos-sible S
USAN COLLINS in the Senate may not have. She didn’t vote for the repeal in the last Congress, but it is my un-derstanding that virtually everybody had promised: If you will elect me, or reelect me, I will vote for repeal. I have literally prayed for Senator J
OHNMCCAINwith the cancer that they found out has overtaken him, and I do hope and pray for a speedy, full recov-ery. But I do recall, vividly, that elec-tion in Arizona, and apparently he was extremely concerned about getting re-elected. There was hard-charging opposition in the Republican primary, more than one primary opponent, and as I recall, there were repeated promises that the Senator, if the good people of Arizona would just reelect him, give him an-other 6 years, he would be working tirelessly, he would be working so hard to repeal ObamaCare. And I did go down to the Senate Chamber this week a couple of days ago. I went down because I thought it would be historic, potentially, to have the Senate vote to proceed to debate on what we hoped would be an actual re-peal of ObamaCare. It turns out they called it a skinny bill, or a skinny repeal. It wasn’t much of a repeal at all. In fact, I guess there is a decent chance, if that had passed and become law, it may have very well ensured the total collapse of private in-surance and, ultimately, the desire of those who pushed through ObamaCare. We would ultimately end up with so-cialized medicine, rationed care. I am not a fan of the term ‘‘single payer’’ because it masks what we are really talking about. We are talking about government takeover of healthcare. And as we have watched the little precious child, Charlie Gard’s parents going through absolute hell, there have been so many questions: Whether you agree or disagree, should he be allowed to have further surgery? Should he have been allowed to have a procedure that might have saved his life? It ends up going to court, and be-cause of the laws in England with their socialized medicine, the government gets to choose who can have poten-tially lifesaving procedures, what life- enhancing procedures, and who can’t. That is the nature of socialized medi-cine. b1430 During my summer in the former So-viet Union, back when I was in college as an exchange student over there, I didn’t just have tours, I saw the way people were treated in the socialized medicine of the Soviet Union. I have heard even some of my dear friends and colleagues here in the House say: We know socialized medi-cine always fails. Actually, that is something I don’t know. What I know and what I believe is socialized medicine never actually fails. Now, socialism will always fail. It always has. Even going back to the New Testament church when the Apos-tle Paul tried this beautiful, wonderful concept: bringing all into the common storehouse, sharing and sharing alike. Well, eventually he realized that is going to work in Heaven just beau-tifully, but it sure doesn’t work on Earth. So here is a new rule: if you don’t work, you don’t eat. Why? Because in this beautiful, in-credible world where people are human, they are imperfect. Everyone has done wrong at some point and fallen short of the glory of God—every one of us. No-body is perfect. So you can’t have a perfect system that does anything but become a totalitarian government. It has to become totalitarian in order to force people to bring into the com-mon storehouse. When you do that, you eliminate the incentives that have proved over recorded history to be the least effective. If you don’t have incen-tives, it is ineffective. People don’t work the hardest. Mr. Speaker, I have mentioned be-fore—because there was a great exam-ple during that summer in the Soviet Union at a collective farm 30 miles or so outside of Kiev—there were thou-sands and thousands of acres, but I could not tell the difference between the cultivated areas and the noncul-tivated areas. I’ve worked on farms and ranches. This was in the middle of July. We are at about the same latitude in east Texas. You want to get out there as close to sunup as you can because it gets so hot by midafternoon you want to be finishing up by midafternoon. Here it was the middle of the morn-ing, and most of the farmers were out there in the middle of the village area there in the shade. Back in Mount Pleasant growing up, some of the older gentlemen had a spit and whittle club. That reminded me of that, the old guys just sitting around talking—young and old. So I tried to use my best Russian and asked: When do you work out in the field? Obviously, these guys hadn’t worked up a sweat all morning. I was trying to be pleasant. When do you work out in the field? They all laughed. So I thought maybe I didn’t say it right. But one of them then responded in Russian: I make the same number of rubles if I am out there in the sun or I am here in the shade, so I am here in the shade. Obviously, I have not forgotten this. It is such a great example of why so-cialism never works because there is no incentive to work. Oh, yes, you can punish people. But that doesn’t provide nearly the incentive as the Pilgrims found, their beautiful Compact: bring into the common storehouse, share and share alike. After they lost so many people that first harsh winter, they tried some-thing called private property—you got to keep what you produced. Wow, did it work out well. It has worked out well over the years even to the present time, although this government has continued to buy and take over more and more land and move in the direc-tion of being socialistic. But our medicine has not been really socialistic. It has been taken over more and more by government and the insur-ance companies. Why in the world did the insurance companies support ObamaCare, the ACA, in the past? Be-cause they were so shortsighted. I think they and the big pharma-ceutical companies knew that eventu-ally by signing onto ObamaCare they were signing their own death warrants. Not immediately. Those executives that got involved would be able to take their golden parachutes and their mil-lions and millions of dollars in dis-tribution. But, ultimately, we would become a socialized medicine country. You would see mortality rates begin to go up where people didn’t live as long. People would not get the knee, hip, and the back surgeries and hearing aids. The government ends up deciding who is worthy and who is not. So America voted the Democrats out of majorities in the House and Senate mainly because they pushed through ObamaCare. The huge majority of Americans were satisfied with their health insurance, their health insur-ance plans, and their healthcare. There is a big difference. Those terms, health insurance and healthcare, have been skewed. There is a big difference. We have got to get back to a place where patients and doc-tors have a relationship unencumbered and without being separated by insur-ance companies and the government. But if we don’t repeal ObamaCare, we will move to total government control and Charlie Gard’s situation where the government says: You can have a life-saving procedure, but you cannot. That day has already come, and it is going to be a common occurrence if we don’t keep our promise and repeal ObamaCare. I was down there when they voted to proceed to debate. But, honest to good-ness, even though I have been here 12 years and think nothing shocks me, I couldn’t believe that so many people who promised over and over and over again ‘‘we will repeal ObamaCare, we will end ObamaCare, we will get you back in control of your healthcare, we will get you back affordable healthcare’’ couldn’t vote even for the skinny bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.068 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6570 July 28, 2017 
It hardly did much of anything to ObamaCare, even a little bit. It is the first time I am aware of in the history of the United States Con-gress where one body contacted the other body—the Senate, in this case, contacted the Republicans in the House—and said: Please, we think we can pass our bill in the Senate, but you have got to promise us you won’t pass it in the House. We will go to con-ference. Please promise us you won’t pass it in the House. We have a chance to pass it in the Senate. What kind of governance is that? I think it is a good thing to take a break from being here in session where we talk to ourselves too much. I think that is a problem here on both ends of the House. I am proud of some of the things we have done here in the House. We have made some progress. We need to make a lot more. We need to pass the tax re-form. I want to see the corporate tax get down to 15 percent so those hun-dreds of thousands of millions of jobs that went to China can come back to the United States. Why? Because we undercut the income tax that China charges to corporations. What is a corporate tax? It is an in-sidious fee that citizens have to pay where the government makes them think they are not paying it—oh, it is the evil corporation paying it. No. It is every customer pays for the corporate tax. If you reduce that tax, then we be-come competitive around the world in things that we are not competitive, and jobs come back here. As any histo-rian can tell you, an international power that does not produce the things they need in a time of war will not re-main an international power after the next war. When we lost production of steel, of rubber, and of tires—all these things that are critical in the time of war—it will encourage our enemies to take ad-vantage of the fact that they provide the things we will need in a time of war. The only way you really effec-tively avoid war, as President Reagan made clear, is you become so strong nobody wants to fight you. Those are the small times of peace in world his-tory either when someone is so strong they enslave everybody else or that one country is so strong that believes in freedom that they force the evil leaders in the world to stay at bay where peo-ple have peace. I want peace. I want a strong Amer-ica. I want to keep our promises and have tax cuts. I feel pretty comfortable that we are going to do it in the House. I just hope and pray, Mr. Speaker, that those in the Senate who have made promises about repealing ObamaCare and cutting taxes will have the kind of August where God lays it on their hearts that it is not a good thing to lie to the American people or constituents, and that the best thing I can do for myself politically and for my country is to keep my promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3298. An act to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of- duty injuries, and for other purposes. H.R. 3364. An act to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Gov-ernment of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea, and for other purposes. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 27, 2017, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3298. To authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to em-ployees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of-duty inju-ries, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), consistent with the fourth clause in section 5 of Article I of the Constitu-tion, and notwithstanding section 132 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, the House adjourned until Tuesday, August 1, 2017, at 11 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2118. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Departments final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in Certain Des-ignated Counties in Idaho, and Malheur County, Oregon; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0111; SC17-945-1 FR] re-ceived July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2119. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Walnuts Grown in California; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS- SC-17-0031; SC17-984-1 IR] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2120. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tart Cherries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Free and Restricted Per-centages for the 2016-17 Crop Year for Tart Cherries [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0105; SC16-930- 5 FR] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 2121. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Definitions and Selection Criteria that Apply to Direct Grant Pro-grams [Docket ID: ED-2017-OII-0032] (RIN: 1855-AA13) received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 2122. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received July 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 2123. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Revisions to Louisville; Defini-tions [EPA-R04-OAR-2017-0365; FRL-9965-30- Region 4] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2124. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Miscellaneous Revisions [EPA-R04- OAR-2017-0021; FRL-9965-25-Region 4] re-ceived July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2125. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Florida: Unnecessary Rule Removal [EPA- R04-OAR-2016-0656; FRL-9965-14-Region 4] re-ceived July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2126. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; CT; Rea-sonably Available Control Technology for the 2008 Ozone Standard [EPA-R01-OAR-2014- 0611; A-1-FRL-9963-89-Region 1] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2127. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPA-HQ-OLEM-2016-0428, 0430, 0432, 0434, 0435, 0436 and 0437; FRL-9965-31-OLEM] re-ceived July 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2128. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ametoctradin; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0518; FRL-9963- 04] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2129. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY7.069 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6571 July 28, 2017 
of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Requirements for Continuous Emission Monitoring [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0047; FRL- 9965-23-Region 3] received July 21, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2130. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Expedited Approval of Al-ternative Test Procedures for the Analysis of Contaminants under the Safe Drinking Water Act; Analysis and Sampling Proce-dures [EPA-HQ-OW-2017-0284; FRL-9964-78- OW] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2131. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fenamidone; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0064; FRL-9962-96] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2132. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fenpyroximate; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0307; FRL- 9963-22] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2133. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPA-HQ-OLEM-2016-0428, 0430, 0432, 0434, 0435, 0436 and 0437; FRL-9965-31-OLEM] re-ceived July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2134. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tolpyralate; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0405; FRL-9964-15] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2135. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pseudomonas chlororaphis strain AFS009; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0284; FRL-9961-77] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2136. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Topramezone; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0825; FRL- 9960-37] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2137. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — TSCA Inventory Notifica-tion (Active-Inactive) Requirements [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2016-0426; FRL-9964-22] (RIN: 2070- AK24) received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2138. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Video Description: Implementation of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010 [MB Docket No.: 11-43] received July 21, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2139. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Video Description: Implementation of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010 [MB Docket No.: 11-43] received July 21, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2140. A letter from the Deputy Bureau Chief, Policy and Licensing Division, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s final rule — Proce-dures for Commission Review of State Opt- Out Requests from the FirstNet Radio Ac-cess Network [PS Docket: 16-269] received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2141. A letter from the Acting Chief Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Officer, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Privacy Act of 1974; Implemen-tation [CPCLO Order No.: 007-2017] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2142. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, Patent and Trademark Office, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Miscellaneous Changes to Trademark Trial and Appeal Board Rules of Practice; Clarification [Docket No.: PTO- T-2017-0025] (RIN: 0651-AD22) received July 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 2143. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — Health Insurance Premium Tax Credit [TD: 9822] (RIN: 1545-BM09) received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2144. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Extension of Guidance in Notice 2015- 77 for Participants in the HFA Hardest Hit Fund [Notice 2017-40] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 2145. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — Branded Prescription Drug Fee [TD: 9823] (RIN: 1545-BM26) received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 2146. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulation — Special Enrollment Examination User Fee for Enrolled Agents [TD: 9820] (RIN: 1545-BN09) received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2147. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Return Due Date and Extended Due Date Changes [TD: 9821] (RIN: 1545-BN13) received July 26, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLTUIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 873. A bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Founda-tion to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–264). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. House Resolution 442. Resolu-tion of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to President Trump’s financial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related information; adversely (Rept. 115–265). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 95. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (Rept. 115–266). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3262. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assist-ance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assist-ants of the Department, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–267). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2195. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for access of the Special Counsel to certain information, with amendments (Rept. 115– 268). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. House Resolution 437. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession; adversely (Rept. 115–269). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. House Resolution 447. Resolution di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities re-lating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump; adversely (Rept. 115–270). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.000 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6572 July 28, 2017 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. L EWIS of Geor-gia, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. L
EVIN, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
IND, Ms. M AT-
SUI, and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 3525. A bill to amend title V of the So-cial Security Act to reauthorize the Mater-nal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Vis-iting Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 3526. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to allow the use of the Depart-ment of Justice Asset Forfeiture Fund to fi-nance United States border security meas-ures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. S
ARBANES , and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER ): H.R. 3527. A bill to prohibit the use of funds to return certain property and interests in property to the Government of the Russian Federation; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 3528. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of prescription drugs that are con-trolled substances; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 3529. A bill to amend the special sup-plemental nutrition program for women, in-fants, and children to cover certain vita-mins; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COMER (for himself, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. B
ARR): H.R. 3530. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 3531. A bill to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act for purposes of making claims under such Act based on ex-posure to atmospheric nuclear testing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H.R. 3532. A bill to require the President to convert private businesses and investments in order to prevent conflicts of interest under Federal law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida): H.R. 3533. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to establish a coastal climate change adaptation preparedness and response program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. S MITH of Washington): H.R. 3534. A bill to make the Controlled Substances Act inapplicable with respect to marihuana in States that have legalized marijuana and have in effect a statewide reg-ulatory regime to protect certain Federal in-terests, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 3535. A bill to restore Federal recogni-tion to the Ruffey Rancheria of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 3536. A bill to require persons who un-dertake Federally funded research and devel-opment of drugs to enter into reasonable pricing agreements with the Secretary of Health and Human Services; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 3537. A bill to reform our government, reduce the grip of special interest, and re-turn our democracy to the American people by increasing transparency and oversight of our elections and government, reforming public financing for Presidential elections and providing for public financing for Con-gressional elections, and requiring States to conduct Congressional redistricting through independent commissions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3538. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to create additional require-ments for original and new creditors of mort-gage loans in the case of a sale, transfer, or assignment of a mortgage loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3539. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to establish a procedure for the removal of a booking photograph from a consumer’s file, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. P
AL-
LONE ): H.R. 3540. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to replace the current requirement for a biennial energy policy plan with a Quadrennial Energy Re-view, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 3541. A bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 3542. A bill to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights by rea-son of the use of civilians as human shields, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART (for himself and Mr. T
IPTON ): H.R. 3543. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop a categorical exclu-sion for covered vegetative management ac-tivities carried out to establish or improve habitat for greater sage-grouse and mule deer, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mrs. C
ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 3544. A bill to require the disclosure of beneficial ownership by a foreign person of aircraft registration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. M ULLIN ): H.R. 3545. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confiden-tiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. B RAT, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. D UNN, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. C
RAWFORD ): H.R. 3546. A bill to prohibit universal serv-ice support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. F LO-
RES): H.R. 3547. A bill to authorize the Secretary of State to establish a permanent residence in Jerusalem, Israel, for the United States Ambassador to Israel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H IGGINS of Lou-isiana, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. S
AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. L
OUDERMILK ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6573 July 28, 2017 
H.R. 3548. A bill to make certain improve-ments to the security of the international borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, Natural Re-sources, Agriculture, Transportation and In-frastructure, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3549. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable credit with respect to any stillborn child of a tax-payer; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 3550. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to clar-ify that ASL students are English learners; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. H
URD, and Mr. G AR-
RETT ): H.R. 3551. A bill to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Mr. CLEAVER (for himself and Mr. Y
ODER ): H.R. 3552. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire that teachers, principals, counselors, and other school leaders receive youth sui-cide awareness and prevention training; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 3553. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to increase the amount of compensation paid to chapter 7 bank-ruptcy trustees for services rendered; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. M EEHAN ): H.R. 3554. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for the auto-matic recertification of income for income- driven repayment plans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 3555. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide that the def-inition of a facility of an exchange does not apply to a line of business the purpose of which is not to effect or report a transaction on an exchange; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 3556. A bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to engage in credit risk transfer transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): H.R. 3557. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the number of health care professionals employed by the Department of Veterans Affairs by improv-ing the Department of Veterans Affairs Edu-cation Debt Reduction Program; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 3558. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain improve-ments relating to inspections of Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities and im-proving care for women; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Geor-gia, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 3559. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to support the access of marginalized youth to sexual health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 3560. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to give borrowers an op-tion to extend the grace period prior to the beginning of the repayment period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. W ALDEN , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. D
UNN): H.R. 3561. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit appraisers approved by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make appraisals for purposes of chapter 37 of such title based on inspections performed by third parties; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. D
UNN): H.R. 3562. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. C
ORREA ): H.R. 3563. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to recognize the service of veterans of the armed forces by providing a more navigable and accommodating path-way for veterans honorably discharged from the United States military to naturalize and seek citizenship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H.R. 3564. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to authorize the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation to revoke the security clearance of political appointees in the Exec-utive Office of the President for national se-curity purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten-nessee, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-nessee): H.R. 3565. A bill to achieve domestic en-ergy independence by empowering States to control the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas on all available Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 3566. A bill to strengthen resources to combat the heroin and opioid epidemic in rural communities across America; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 3567. A bill to authorize the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Con-servation Service property in Riverside, California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 3568. A bill to require manufacturers to disclose to consumers the presence of event data recorders, or ‘‘black boxes’’, on new automobiles, motorcycles, and autocycles, and to require manufacturers to provide the consumer with the option to en-able and disable such devices on future auto-mobiles, motorcycles, and autocycles; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N EAL, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 3569. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide death benefits for campus police offi-cers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. F
LORES ): H.R. 3570. A bill to amend part A of title II of the Clean Air Act to exclude trailers and other vehicles that rely on a connection to a self-propelled vehicle from the definition of a motor vehicle; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 3571. A bill to amend title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to re-quire a plaintiff to provide a defendant with an opportunity to correct a violation of such title voluntarily before the plaintiff may commence a civil action, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 3572. A bill to carry out an income- contingent repayment program for Federal Interest Free Education Loans for under-graduate students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6574 July 28, 2017 
Mr. E VANS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 3573. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction allowed for student loan interest and the limitation based on income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 3574. A bill to amend the Department of Education Organization Act and the High-er Education Act of 1965 to require publica-tion of information relating to religious ex-emptions to the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. R
OSS): H.R. 3575. A bill to provide standards for physical condition and management of hous-ing receiving assistance payments under sec-tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 3576. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to limit the authority of States and localities to regulate conduct, or impose penalties or taxes, in relation to rifles or shotguns; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. COSTA (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 3577. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to establish a competitive grant program to provide grants to States to carry out targeted employment and training projects; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 3578. A bill to permit the expungement of records of certain non-violent criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. M
OORE , and Mr. C OHEN ): H.R. 3579. A bill to make a supplemental appropriation for the Public Health Emer-gency Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 3580. A bill to promote State require-ments for local educational agencies and public elementary and secondary schools re-lating to the prevention and treatment of concussions suffered by students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 3581. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude Federal Pell Grants from gross income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, and Mr. R USH): H.R. 3582. A bill to prohibit the closure, consolidation, or elimination of offices of the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3583. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow an above-the-line deduction for attorney fees and costs in con-nection with civil claim awards; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R OG-
ERSof Kentucky, and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 3584. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend certain credits against tax related to empowerment zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. G
OHMERT ): H.R. 3585. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make it a criminal offense to knowingly make a request to access classi-fied information concerning a United States person to be unmimized pursuant to the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act for a rea-son other than an authorized reason under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. B
YRNE ): H.R. 3586. A bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 with respect to labor organization representation during physical inspections of workplaces; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GOMEZ: H.R. 3587. A bill to provide for the collec-tion and assessment of intelligence regard-ing the efforts of foreign powers to gain in-fluence through the financial interests of the President and close family members and as-sociates of the President; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. H
IGGINS of Lou-isiana): H.R. 3588. A bill to amend the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to provide for management of red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 3589. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to end speculation on the cur-rent cost of multilingual services provided by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3590. A bill to restore, reaffirm, and reconcile environmental justice and civil rights, provide for the establishment of the Interagency Working Group on Environ-mental Justice Compliance and Enforce-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ (for himself, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 3591. A bill to amend the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 to permit States to deter-mine State residency for higher education purposes and to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain aliens who are United States residents and who entered the United States as children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. W
IL-
SONof South Carolina, Mr. B ERA, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-ida, Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. L EE, Ms. M
ENG, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. N
ADLER ): H.R. 3592. A bill To amend the Public Health Service Act and the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to provide for research and improvement of cardiovascular health among the South Asian population of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3593. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to authorize U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct certain activities to secure the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6575 July 28, 2017 
H.R. 3594. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to protect the Social Secu-rity Trust Funds from overpayment dis-charge during bankruptcy proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 3595. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to em-ployers who provide paid family and medical leave, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 3596. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to adjust single-employer premiums, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C OLE, Mr. H
ECK, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Ms. D ELBENE): H.R. 3597. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to authorize grants to Indian Tribes to further achievement of Tribal coastal zone objectives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H.R. 3598. A bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act to reau-thorize the Act; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3599. A bill to prevent States and local jurisdictions from interfering with the pro-duction and distribution of agricultural products in interstate or foreign commerce; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3600. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require that any question-naire used in determining the decennial cen-sus of population shall contain an option for respondents to indicate citizenship status or lawful presence in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 3601. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify data and information sharing requirements regarding consumer complaints, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. S PEIER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. E VANS , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H.R. 3602. A bill to provide for the overall health and well-being of young people, in-cluding the promotion of lifelong sexual health and healthy relationships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 3603. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent earnings strip-ping of corporations which are related to in-verted corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 3604. A bill to establish a National Flood Research and Education Center to pro-vide research, data, and recommendations on physical science, social science, economic analysis, policy analysis, risk analysis, mon-itoring, predicting, and planning as they re-late to flooding and flood-related issues; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3605. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself and Mr. E
LLI-
SON): H.R. 3606. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to establish fair and trans-parent practices related to the marketing and provision of overdraft coverage programs at depository institutions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself and Mr. T
IPTON ): H.R. 3607. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G
IANFORTE , and Mr. T IPTON ): H.R. 3608. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Mr. C
RIST, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida): H.R. 3609. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide that children that have relocated from Puerto Rico to the States are fully consid-ered for purposes of State allotments under the English language acquisition grants; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3610. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to permit the donation of hay harvested under the conservation reserve program to certain disaster areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. KIND, and Mr. M ARCHANT ): H.R. 3611. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create incentives for healthcare providers to promote quality healthcare outcomes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 3612. A bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to provide assistance to expand, improve, support, and promote pri-mary and secondary education for displaced children, including girls, from areas des-ignated by the Department of State as areas of conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. E VANS , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H IGGINS  of New York, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S
IRES, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. P
ALLONE ): H.R. 3613. A bill to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance to make grants to States, units of local government, and gun dealers to conduct gun buyback pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3614. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of General Services to establish a pro-gram to sell Federal buildings that are not utilized to provide revenue for increases in social security benefits and military retire-ment pay, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3615. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct or support a comprehensive study comparing total health outcomes, including risk of au-tism, in vaccinated populations in the United States with such outcomes in unvaccinated populations in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3616. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide grants to States for summer employment programs for youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. R USH): H.R. 3617. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may provide certain basic financial services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3618. A bill to amend the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to establish the Office of School Discipline Policy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6576 July 28, 2017 
By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3619. A bill to authorize the Export- Import Bank of the United States to use 3 percent of its profits for administrative ex-penses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. K IHUEN ): H.R. 3620. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand eligibility for the refundable credit for coverage under a quali-fied health plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3621. A bill to require subscribers to services supported through the Lifeline pro-gram of the Federal Communications Com-mission to reapply for such services on an annual basis; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. E VANS , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. B EYER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 3622. A bill to direct the Election As-sistance Commission to establish the E-Se-curity Fellows Program to provide individ-uals who work on political campaigns with training in the best practices for election cy-bersecurity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. E VANS , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 3623. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to secure and heighten the integrity of elections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 3624. A bill to authorize voluntary grazing permit retirement on Federal lands managed by the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior where live-stock grazing is impractical, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 3625. A bill to require Senate con-firmation of Inspector General of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 3626. A bill to amend the Bank Service Company Act to provide improvements with respect to State banking agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3627. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide for the establishment of Youth Corps pro-grams and provide for wider dissemination of the Youth Corps model; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3628. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who par-ticipate in qualified apprenticeship pro-grams; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3629. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to ensure that employ-ees are not misclassified as non-employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3630. A bill to establish student loan borrowers’ rights to basic consumer protec-tions, reasonable and flexible repayment op-tions, access to earned credentials, and effec-tive loan cancellation in exchange for public service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3631. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to allow employees to take, as additional leave, parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children’s and grandchildren’s educational and extra-curricular activities and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YODER (for himself and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 3632. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make the Child and De-pendent Care Tax Credit fully refundable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. J
AYAPAL ): H.J. Res. 116. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States prohibiting Congress and the States from abridging the right of citizens to affordable, quality health care; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H. Con. Res. 75. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Congress that homelessness in America should be elimi-nated; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. C
OOK, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H. Con. Res. 76. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Congress that the current Federal income tax deduction for in-terest paid on debt secured by a first or sec-ond home and for property taxes should not be further restricted; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. E
VANS ): H. Res. 485. A resolution commemorating the 40th anniversary of the ALS Association Greater Philadelphia Chapter; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): H. Res. 486. A resolution calling on the Government of Iraq to compensate the former residents of Camp Ashraf for their as-sets seized by groups affiliated with the Gov-ernment of Iraq; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. POE of Texas: H. Res. 487. A resolution urging all Univer-sities to designate and maintain a sexual as-sault coordinator on staff who can be accessed by student victims of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking on campus and in the surrounding community; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Ms. J
AYAPAL ): H. Res. 488. A resolution of inquiry request-ing the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. R
YAN of Wisconsin, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. M
CCARTHY , Mr. H OYER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. N EAL, Mr. T
IBERI , and Mr. L EVIN): H. Res. 489. A resolution honoring Edward G. Grossman for his distinguished public service and professional assistance to the House of Representatives; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. E
LLISON , and Ms. L EE): H. Res. 490. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Diaper Need Awareness Week‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER ): H. Res. 491. A resolution a resolution af-firming and recognizing the Khmer, Laotian, Hmong, and the other ethnic groups com-monly referred to as Montagnards of Cam-bodia and Laos who supported and defended of the United States Armed Forces and free-dom in Southeast Asia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. B ASS, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E VANS , Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S OTO, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6577 July 28, 2017 
Mr. C ORREA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas): H. Res. 492. A resolution expressing con-cern for the separation of Jose´Escobar from his wife and children as a result of his depor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self and Mr. H
ULTGREN ): H. Res. 493. A resolution recognizing the dangers of distracted driving; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 494. A resolution expressing support for the designation of August 22, 2017, as na-tional ‘‘Chuck Brown Day’’ and honoring his contributions to music and to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. F UDGE , and Ms. S
PEIER ): H. Res. 495. A resolution recognizing the seriousness of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) and expressing support for the des-ignation of the month of September 2017 as ‘‘PCOS Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 3525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 3526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 3528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 3529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article, I, Section 8, Clause 1 (The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States) of the United States Constitution.’’ By Mr. COMER: H.R. 3530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 3531. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (Spending Clause): ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense. . .’’ The United States has incurred legal liability for which it has waived its sovereign immunity for illnesses and deaths associated with its Nuclear Weap-ons testing programs during the 1950s and 1960s. This bill is grounded in scientific prin-ciples, represents an intent to apologize and offer compassionate compensation to an ex-panded list of individuals who were not in-cluded in the 1990 Act but who, nonetheless, deserve restitution. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 3532. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: General Welfare Clause at Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 and the Necessary and Proper clause, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 3533. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 3534. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 3535. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to regulate relations with Indian tribes. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 3536. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 3537. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution and Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution, which give Congress the power to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of Federal elections. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3538. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To . . . regulate Com-merce . . . among the several States . . .’’; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power ‘‘To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers . . .’’; Amendment V: ‘‘No person . . . shall be be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use without just com-pensation.’’; and Amendment XIV, Section 1: ‘‘No state shall . . . deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law’’. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States . . .’’; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To . . . regulate Com-merce . . . among the several States . . .’’; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power ‘‘To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers . . .’’; and Amendment IV: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 3540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 3541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 3542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 3543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 3544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 3546. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 3547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 13 of Article 1, section 8 of the Con-stitution of the United States, ‘‘To make all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JY7.100 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6578 July 28, 2017 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 3548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 3550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 3551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CLEAVER: H.R. 3552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 1. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 3553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 in that the legislation exercises legislative powers granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘To es-tablish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bank-ruptcies throughout the United States.’’ Article III, Section 1, Clause 1 in that the legislation exercises legislative powers granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘The ju-dicial Power of the United States shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such in-ferior Courts as Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Serv-ices, a Compensation, which shall not be di-minished during their Continuance in Of-fice.’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 3554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 3555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 3556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 3557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clauses 12 & 13 By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 3558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 3559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-stitution. The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 3560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 3561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 3562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 3563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 1 and 8 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 3564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 3565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (a) Article I, section 1, to exercise all legis-lative powers vested in Congress as granted by the Constitution; (b) Article I, section 8, clause 18, which gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’; (c) Article IV, section 3, clause 2, stating that, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dis-pose of and make all needful Rules and Regu-lations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States’’; and (d) Article I, section 8, clause 17, providing that, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceed-ing ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States.’’ By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 3566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 3567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, seection 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relationg to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress) By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 3568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 3569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause I; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 3570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 which grants to the Congress power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 3571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 3572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 3573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 3574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 , United States Con-stitution By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 3575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 3576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COSTA: H.R. 3577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18, which allows Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion any of Congress’s enumerated powers, including Congress’s powers over appropiations, or just simply Article I, Sec-tion 8. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 3578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 3579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 3580. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.036 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6579 July 28, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 3581. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3582. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3583. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 3584. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 3585. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The 4th Amendment to the Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 3586. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. GOMEZ: H.R. 3587. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 3588. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 3589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, and to pay the debts levied by such expenses. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 3591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 3592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3593. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 Article 4, Section 3, clause 2 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 3597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 3598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Congress’ powers to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes under Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Amend-ment XIV, Section 2, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 3601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on with this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate in commerce in, and among the states, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution. In addition this legisla-tion rests on the power of Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 3602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 3603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 3604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause I of the Con-stitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 3605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 3607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Appropriations Clause,’’ which confers on Congress the power to control or to limit spending by the federal government. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 3608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Property Clause,’’ which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 3609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, which provides Con-gress with the power to regulate commerce among the several states, the power to pro-mote the progress of science and the useful arts, and the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the fore-going powers By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: What Is Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 3611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 3612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 3613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3 -Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.041 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6580 July 28, 2017 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 grants Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States’’ By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 3615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill. This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. I Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3617. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rnles of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill. This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1 ), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3618. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill. This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3619. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3620. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 3621. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate Commerce with Forein Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 3622. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 3623. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 3624. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section 3. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 3625. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion: Congres shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 3626. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3627. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 3631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. YODER: H.R. 3632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.J. Res. 116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V, U.S. Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 19: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 25: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 33: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 113: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 125: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 173: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 252: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 285: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 365: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 370: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 449: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 490: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 532: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 545: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 631: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 632: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 676: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 719: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. D
UNN, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 721: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 741: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 747: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 754: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. A
LLEN , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 770: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 792: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 820: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 823: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 825: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 828: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 849: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 850: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. F RANCIS ROO-
NEY of Florida, and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 908: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 915: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 930: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 970: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 972: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1022: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1057: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1098: Mr. S
IRES and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1099: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1136: Ms. F
OXXand Mr. O LSON . H.R. 1158: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. K APTUR , and Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 1164: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.047 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6581 July 28, 2017 
H.R. 1196: Mr. O LSON . H.R. 1223: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 1267: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1273: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1274: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1281: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1317: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1358: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1399: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1406: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1437: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1450: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1456: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1481: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1494: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1515: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1516: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1566: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1615: Ms. M
ENGand Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 1649: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1661: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1697: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 1730: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1731: Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1741: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1796: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1818: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1821: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1828: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1861: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H OYER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1865: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, Mr. G IBBS, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. B ASS, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land, Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. B OST, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. H UDSON , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C OLE, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. N
OEM, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Ms. F
OXX, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 1876: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1880: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1897: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1931: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1932: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1949: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1953: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1997: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2013: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2015: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2029: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 2091: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2106: Mr. K
ENNEDY  H.R. 2123: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 2150: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 2215: Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2240: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2241: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2285: Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2295: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 2301: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2315: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2319: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 2327: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. G
UTHRIE , and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 2340: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 2360: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2416: Ms. E
SHOO and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2417: Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B
ERA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2431: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 2440: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2475: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2477: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2478: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 2486: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2519: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. R
EICHERT , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2557: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 2590: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2640: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 2641: Mr. K
INDand Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2651: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2663: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2687: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2723: Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. D
UNN, and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 2740: Mr. H
URD, Mr. R OGERS of Ken- tucky, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 2777: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2797: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2832: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 2838: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2840: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 2851: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 2856: Mr. S
OTOand Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2862: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 2864: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2890: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 2901: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R
OSKAM , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 2906: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2918: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 2925: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 2929: Mr. K
ILMER and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2948: Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2957: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2958: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2972: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2973: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. K ATKO , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2996: Mr. B
UDD, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 3006: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3034: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 3035: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 3040: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. Vela´zquez. H.R. 3053: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3055: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3056: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 3059: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3082: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3091: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 3111: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3139: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 3174: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mrs. M UR-
PHYof Florida. H.R. 3186: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 3197: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. T ENNEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. M
CSALLY , and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3222: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. K IND, and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3223: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3236: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 3248: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3258: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. H ECK, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B
EYER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3271: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3272: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3274: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mrs. B ROOKS of In- diana, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 3275: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3282: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. B OST. H.R. 3300: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3304: Mr. C
LAY, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 3310: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 3311: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 3312: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3314: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3325: Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3329: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H UDSON , and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3332: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 3340: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut. H.R. 3342: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G ARRETT , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 3343: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3345: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.027 H28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6582 July 28, 2017 
H.R. 3346: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. E VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3361: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3394: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 3395: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3414: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3415: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3421: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3425: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 3440: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 3441: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3443: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 3452: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. C ULBER -
SON. H.R. 3462: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3466: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3473: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3492: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3513: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, H.R. 3516: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. C ORREA . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. R
UIZ. H.J. Res. 51: Mr. D
ESANTIS and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia. H.J. Res. 61: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.J. Res. 88: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.J. Res. 90: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H. Con. Res. 20: Mrs. W
AGNER . H. Con. Res. 27: Mr. R
USH, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. S OTO. H. Con. Res. 73: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 129: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H. Res. 318: Mr. EMMER . H. Res. 327: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 359: Ms. R
OSEN . H. Res. 394: Mrs. L
OWEY . H. Res. 401: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. A GUILAR . H. Res. 436: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 443: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H. Res. 455: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 457: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 461: Mr. A
GUILAR . H. Res. 466: Mr. S
OTO, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH . H. Res. 474: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H. Res. 477: Mr. D
UNN. H. Res. 479: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY7.032 H28JYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1077 July 28, 2017 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION RELATING TO ARBITRATION AGREEMENTS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 25, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, people’s legal rights have been limited by the use of forced arbitration clauses in contracts for consumer financial products and services. Forced arbitration clauses, also called manda-tory pre-dispute clauses, prevent cheated or defrauded American consumers from going to court to challenge wrongdoing by big banks, cell phone providers, auto leasing and auto fi-nancing firms, credit repair, payday lenders, debt collectors and credit card companies. Most arbitration clauses for financial products also prohibit consumers from participating in class actions. Forced arbitration clauses have been opposed by conservatives and progres-sives. Forced arbitration is a secret process where consumers seek redress at private firms cho-sen by the financial institution. This rigged system is why banks and lenders receive more than a million dollars per year paid out to them by their customers in forced arbitra-tion, compared to just $86,216 returned to consumers. While advocates for the financial sector are correct that (sixteen) consumers re-cover an average of $5,400 in arbitration every year, they leave out the fact that banks and lenders receive an average award of $13,195 when they win—and they win 93 per-cent of the time. Indeed, a recent report found that consumers paid more restitution to Wells Fargo in arbitration than the other way around between 2009 and 2016, the prime years of its fake account scandal. After years of effort, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a rule restoring American consumers’ right to join together in court when harmed by systemic and wide-spread misconduct in the financial market-place. The rule does not eliminate forced arbi-tration, but it would make individual secret ar-bitration more transparent by publishing arbi-tration complaints and outcomes. It also per-mits class action lawsuits. Instead of celebrating a rule that prevents fi-nancial interests from evading responsibility, Republicans seek to stop this rule under the Congressional Review Act (CRA). Today, they presented H.J. Res. 111. It is a vote to prevent consumers from re-ceiving adequate compensation for fraud, de-ceptive and predatory practices. A vote for H.J. Res. 111 is a vote to deny Americans their constitutional right to access the legal process. H.J. Res. 111 would protect companies like Wells Fargo that used arbitration clauses and class action bans to create fraudulent ac-counts, overcharge customers with debit fees and mortgages and avoid responsibility for misconduct. H.J. Res 111 would remove fed-eral protections for members of the military from evictions and-repossessions while they are on active duty. And, H.J. Res. 111 would deny consumers the ability to get fair com-pensation for harm. For those reasons, and more, we urge you reject a resolution that shields companies from responsibility for risky and illegal conduct. Today is another example to show the American people just how much Republicans want to rig the system for the powerful. A vote FOR this resolution is a vote to rig the rules to take money from the pockets of the Amer-ican people and put it into the pockets of the financial sector. H.J. Res. 111 puts the profits of banks, stu-dent loan, car loan and mobile wireless pro-viders, credit card companies, payday lenders, debt collectors over the fair treatment of the American people. How? For far too long, people’s legal rights have been limited by the use of forced arbitration clauses in contracts for consumer financial products and services. Forced arbitration clauses, also called mandatory pre-dispute ar-bitration clauses, prevent cheated or de-frauded American consumers from going to court to challenge wrongdoing. If your bank opens a fake account in your name, if your student loan lender refuses to adjust your loan due to your loss of income, if your bank re-orders your debit transactions to maximize overdraft fees, it was frequently impossible for you to join with others to sue the bank as part of a class action. But two weeks ago, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau responded to demands from consumers and changed the rules to pro-tect consumers. The Consumer Bureau told banks and lenders they cannot keep their cus-tomers out of court. Class action lawsuits must be allowed. And, the Consumer Bureau ended the secrecy that surrounds the arbitration courts. Companies must report court filings, arbitration filings and rulings. The vast majority of the American people, consumer groups like the Consumer Federa-tion of America, the Military Coalition, and even conservative groups oppose forced arbi-tration. A vote AGAINST H.J. Res. 111 is a vote to allow people to receive adequate compensa-tion for fraud, deceptive and predatory prac-tices. A vote AGAINST H.J. Res. 111 is a vote to give Americans their constitutional right to ac-cess the legal process. Please join me in voting against H.J. Res. 111. I include in the R
ECORD various statement of opposition to the joint resolution. 
[From National Consumer Law Center, July 2017] S
UMMARY OF CFPB R ULE ON FORCED  A
RBITRATION  The Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau (CFPB) has issued a rule addressing the use of forced arbitration clauses in the fine print of financial contracts. The rule has two components: 1) Restores consumers’ day in court and ac-countability when companies engage in widespread violations of the law. Contracts that have forced arbitration clauses will not be permitted to ban consumers from banding together by joining or bringing class actions involving consumer financial services. 2) Brings transparency to the secretive ar-bitration process. Companies that use forced arbitration in individual cases must report court filings, arbitration claims and rulings and other information to the CFPB (with identifying information redacted) so that the CFPB can study the impact of forced arbitra-tion in individual cases. The rule applies to the core consumer fi-nancial markets involving lending money, storing money, and moving or exchanging money. With some exceptions, the rule would cover most: Loans and credit, including credit cards, payday loans, student loans, and auto loans (auto finance companies, not auto dealers, except some buy-here/pay-here dealers). Mortgages are already prohibited from hav-ing forced arbitration clauses. Providing leads, referrals, purchasing, selling and serv-icing credit are covered. Bank accounts, prepaid cards, money transfer services and apps and remittances. Credit reporting, credit scores, credit mon-itoring. Credit repair, debt management, debt set-tlement, and debt relief services, including those that purport to avoid foreclosure. This includes debt relief involving. medical debt, taxes, and other kinds of debt even if not credit related. Check cashing, check collection, check guaranty services. Auto leases, but not auto dealers who as-sign their leases. Debt collection and payment processing re-lated to these products or services. Mobile wireless providers that allow third party charges through the wireless bill. Key areas that are not covered include: Auto dealers (other than somebuy-here/ pay-here dealers), such as claims related to discrimination, add-ons, lemon laws, odom-eter fraud, or deception about a car’s his-tory. For:profit colleges and trade schools, un-less the school directly makes loans. Credit cards, bank accounts and other products begun before the rule goes into ef-fect. Services offered directly by governments or tribes to members within their jurisdic-tion. The rule does apply to tribal payday lenders who offer products off-reservation. Investment products and services by enti-ties regulated by the SEC. Individuals and others who offer a product or service to 25 or fewer consumers a year. Nonfinancial products and services, like nursing homes, cable/mobile providers (ex-cept for third party charges on bills), em-ployers, or store payment plans that don’t charge. The rule applies to new contracts entered into 211 days after a final rule is published (likely Spring of 2018) and older contracts that are purchased or acquired after that date. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.001 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1078 July 28, 2017 
JULY25, 2017. Re OPPOSE H.J. Res. 111, Congressional Re-view Act resolution to repeal CFPB arbi-tration rule and block future reform of forced arbitration. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : Americans for Fi-nancial Reform and Public Citizen write to urge your opposition to H.J. Res. 111, the res-olution to repeal the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)’s arbitration rule under the Congressional Review Act (CRA) and block a similar future rule to protect consumers. This extreme legislative measure would harm the public by insulating bad ac-tors from accountability when they system-atically defraud consumers, and give lawbreakers a competitive edge in the mar-ketplace as a result. Based on five years of careful study and consideration mandated by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act of 2010, this rule is the result of a Congressional directive instructing the agen-cy to restrict or ban forced arbitration if it found the practice harmful to consumers. The rule centers on two commonsense meas-ures: 1) it restores the right of consumers to join together in court by prohibiting class action bans, ensuring consumers can hold banks accountable for widespread harm, and 2) it brings transparency to individual arbi-tration by publishing claims and outcomes with sensitive information redacted, ensur-ing banks can no longer cover up illegal be-havior. According to a 2016 poll conducted by Pew Charitable Trusts, nearly 90% of consumers want their right to join together in class ac-tion lawsuits restored. Indeed, more than 100,000 individual consumers across the coun-try wrote in to support the rule during its public comment period, as did the Military Coalition, representing 5.5 million servicemembers. Two weeks ago, 310 con-sumer, civil rights, faith, and labor organiza-tions wrote to support the final rule. All available data supports the conclusion that class action lawsuits hold bad actors ac-countable and enable harmed consumers to be made whole. Without the option to join together, just 25 consumers with claims of less than $1,000 pursue arbitration each year. In contrast, class actions returned $2.2 bil-lion to 34 million Americans between 2008 and 2012, after deducting attorneys’ fees and court costs. An independent study conducted by a former clerk for Justice Scalia reached similar conclusions, finding ‘‘even the harshest critics of consumer class actions would have to concede that the picture it paints is a fairly successful one.’’ While bank lobbyists suggest that con-sumers recover more money in arbitration than class actions, these claims are mis-leading at best and brazenly dishonest at worst. Even with class action bans currently a widespread presence in customer contracts, available data shows consumers still recover $440 million more in class actions than arbi-tration every year, with nearly 7 million consumers receiving cash relief annually. Class actions also often result in injunctive relief and systemic reforms that benefit con-sumers who are not members of the class. Big banks and lenders prefer forced arbi-tration precisely because the vast majority of consumers cannot and do not pursue claims in that forum. Though bank lobbyists loudly proclaim that consumers recover an average of $5,400 in arbitration, they neglect to mention that this number is based on just sixteen consumers per year who receive any relief in arbitration, across all fifty states. Because arbitration is so time and resource- intensive for consumers compared to class action lawsuits, the consumers that choose to pursue arbitration tend to have high-dol-lar claims backed by strong evidence—and even these sixteen consumers recover an av-erage of just nine cents for every dollar claimed. It is no wonder that the financial industry prefers arbitration when consumers receive a total of just $86,216 per year. If Wells Fargo had to pay $5,400 each to even a small per-centage of the thousands of customers de-frauded in its fraudulent account scandal, surely it would switch sides in this debate. But forced arbitration not only allows banks and lenders to keep millions in illegal prof-its, it affirmatively lines their pockets with large awards paid out by consumers. The same study that found sixteen con-sumers recover a total of $86,216 in arbitra-tion per year also found that banks and lend-ers receive more than a million dollars per year paid out to them by their customers in forced arbitration. While sixteen consumers recover an average of $5,400 in arbitration every year, banks and lenders receive an av-erage award of $13,195 when they win—and they win 93% of the time. Indeed, a recent report found that consumers paid more res-titution to Wells Fargo in arbitration than the other way around between 2009 and 2016, the prime years of its fake account scandal. In addition to the high payouts banks and lenders receive in arbitration, the Wells Fargo scandal demonstrates how financial companies use secret arbitration proceedings to keep misconduct out of the public eye. After the CFPB led a $185 million enforce-ment action against the bank for opening as many as 3.5 million fraudulent accounts and credit cards, reports revealed that customers had been trying to sue Wells Fargo over fake accounts since at least 2013. Yet the bank’s lawyers used arbitration clauses buried in the fine print of the customers’ other legiti-mate account contracts to force allegations of fraud out of public court—and the bank continued to profit from its illegal scheme for years. Finally, real-life experience shows that re-storing consumer class action rights will not increase costs or decrease availability of credit. Consumers saw no increase in price after Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Capital One, and HSBC dropped their forced arbitration clauses as a result of court-ap-proved settlements. Similarly, mortgage rates did not increase after Congress banned forced arbitration in the mortgage market. The CFPB arbitration rule will ensure that bad actors cannot turn fraud into a viable profit model to the detriment of law abiding institutions, including the many community banks and credit unions that largely do not include arbitration clauses in their customer contracts. This new rule simply allows con-sumers to enforce rights deemed crucial by state and federal protections and increases accountability and transparency, making the financial system stronger and safer for all of us. We urge you to reject H.J. Res. 111 and allow this data-driven, commonsense rule to take effect. Sincerely, A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM  & P
UBLIC CITIZEN . 
[From U.S. News and World Report, July 21, 2017] T
HEGOP’ SFOOLISH DECISION  (By Dean Clancy) Those who support overturning the arbi-tration rule are on the same side as cor-porate wrongdoers and sexual harassers. Minimizing ‘‘lawsuit abuse’’ has long been a GOP priority. But overturning the anti- forced arbitration regulation issued this week by Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, as congressional Republican leaders are reportedly rushing to do, would be a po-litical and policy mistake. Forced arbitration clauses waive a cus-tomer’s right to sue a company in case of a dispute. The fine-print provisions can be found nowadays in seemingly every contract we agree to, and every app we download. Business lobbyists defend the clauses as voluntary agreements that minimize ‘‘law-suit abuse’’ by ‘‘greedy’’ class-action trial attorneys. But in reality, the clauses are often imposed on consumers without in-formed consent, and are increasingly being used to shield corporate wrongdoing. The new rule protects Americans from the negative effects of forced arbitration clauses in a host of financial contracts, such as cred-it cards, bank accounts and payday loans. The clauses are already banned in mortgages and real estate. News reports suggest the House may vote as soon as next week on a formal ‘‘resolution of disapproval’’ of the CFPB regulation, which was authorized by Congress in 2010, formally proposed in 2016 and finalized this week. A resolution of disapproval enables Con-gress to kill a federal regulation within 60 legislative session days following its formal publication, by means of a quick up-or-down, simple-majority vote, with no chance of amendment or filibuster. If the regulation is disapproved by the House, the Senate and the president, it is dead and may not be re-issued. This procedure has been used success-fully to overturn fourteen regulations to date, all but one of them in the past six months. Last week when CFPB announced the new rule, prominent Beltway Republicans cried foul: Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas, chairman of the powerful House banking committee, denounced the reg as a ‘‘big, wet kiss’’ to the trial lawyers. Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas vowed to kill the regulation swiftly. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce urged Con-gress to kill not only this regulation, but every CFPB rule, on grounds the agency is unconstitutional and and therefore all of its actions are invalid. The GOP would be terribly foolish to go down this road, for three reasons. Forced ar-bitration is: (1) unconscionable; (2) unconsti-tutional and (3) a big political loser. 1. Unconscionable. Here are some examples of the kind of behavior CFPB’s reg is trying to prevent. Wells Fargo Bank admitted its employees systematically created millions of sham bank accounts in its customers’ names, and then in many cases fraudulently billed those same customers for fees and services they never agreed to. Executives of the megabank knew this was happening but did nothing. Then, they decided to blame 5,300 ‘‘rogue em-ployees, who were summarily fired. Now, to ward off thousands of lawsuits, the company is hiding behind binding arbitration clauses in its victims’ contracts. Roger Ailes, the now-deceased executive of Fox News, was accused, before his death, by multiple female employees of sexual harass-ment. To keep the women’s allegations out of court, and to forestall a long line of past accusers from taking the witness stand, he invoked clauses in his employees’ hiring con-tracts requiring any disputes be handled through a private, highly secretive arbitra-tion process. Military readiness has been negatively af-fected by unscrupulous payday lenders who prey on military servicemembers and vet-erans. The victims become overly indebted thanks to exorbitant interest rates and hid-den fees they don’t understand, and then find themselves unable to obtain relief thanks to forced-arbitration clauses. Because of this, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.002 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1079 July 28, 2017 
the Military Coalition, which represents nearly 6 million uniformed service members, veterans and their families, has formally pe-titioned Congress to ban the clauses. 2. Unconstitutional. Question: If binding arbitration clauses are so bad, why are they so common? Because a series of Supreme Court rulings (the most recent one in May) have effectively overturned the traditional common-law understanding of arbitration. In past centuries, arbitration was understood as a voluntary option that is fair only when both parties are of roughly equal bargaining power or else have agreed to it freely after a dispute has arisen. In lieu of that reasonable understanding, the Court has substituted a doctrinaire ‘‘right of contract’’ that allows a powerful party to effectively force a weaker party to waive his or her constitutional right to sue, before a dispute has arisen and often without informed consent. This transformation defies common sense and severely weakens Ameri-cans’ Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial. Today, arbitration has devolved into a pri-vate star-chamber that’s stacked in favor of the accused corporation—which, unsurprisingly, usually wins. Is the CFPB itself unconstitutional? Yes, in my opinion. But so is forced arbitration. And Congress has a duty to protect our right to a jury trial. Instead of lashing out at the agency by overturning this regulation, Congress should do the right thing and amend the Federal Ar-bitration Act to make binding arbitration agreements truly voluntary for all Ameri-cans, as the Constitution requires. Having done so, it could then, at its leisure, reform (or, as I would prefer, abolish) the controver-sial agency. 3. A Political Loser. Those who vote to overturn the CFPB regulation will be placing themselves on the side of accused sexual har-assers, corporate wrongdoers and unscrupu-lous payday lenders who exploit our troops. If Republicans are politically sensible—or just have an ounce of self-respect—they’ll take the high road and let this reasonable rule stand. f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act. I am deeply disappointed that this bill includes an indefensible $1.6 billion for the President’s so- called border wall. It also violates the bipar-tisan Budget Control Act (BCA) spending caps, strips a long-overdue provision to sunset the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), and bars any efforts to close Guantanamo Bay. H.R. 3219 includes Fiscal Year 2018 fund-ing for the Legislative Branch, the Veterans’ Affairs Department, the Department of De-fense, and Energy and Water programs at the Department of Energy and Department of the Interior. Although I have many concerns with the bill, I am pleased that it increased funding for the Army Corps of Engineers, including funding for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, which will help dredge and maintain Or-egon ports. I am also grateful that a bipartisan amendment that I championed with Rep. SCOTT PERRY to increase funding for the Water Technologies Office at the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE) was adopted. This will allow Oregon State University to continue their cutting-edge research and development of sustainable hy-dropower, pumped storage, and marine en-ergy. I am deeply concerned, however, that the bill reduces overall EERE funding and eliminates the Advanced Research Project Agency–Energy (ARPA–E) program. I also do not support the inclusion of harmful policy rid-ers that prevent implementation of National Oceans Policy protections and authorize the withdrawal of the Waters of the United States rule. I am supportive of provisions in the bill that uphold our commitment to our nation’s vet-erans. The bill provides robust funding for Medical and Prosthetic Research, and prioritizes funding to hire needed doctors, nurses, and medical staff at VA medical cen-ters. Additionally, the bill addresses the ongo-ing disability claims backlog by requiring re-gional offices to report on processing perform-ance and remediation efforts. Unfortunately, the bill also included $1.6 bil-lion to fund parts of President Trump’s border wall, a waste of money that will not secure the border and will have long lasting humanitarian, diplomatic, and environmental consequences. The bill also appropriates Defense spending at $621 billion, which is $72 billion above the BCA caps. Without a fix to the caps, this fund-ing level would trigger a mandatory 13.2 per-cent cut in all defense accounts. This reckless cut is irresponsible. Finally, the bill was stripped of a provision to sunset the 2001 Au-thorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), which has been used for more than 15 years to justify ongoing military actions overseas. It is long past time for Congress to reassert our authority and responsibility to debate matters of military force. The Majority’s decision to re-move this provision—which passed out of the Appropriations Committee with broad bipar-tisan support—shows a disregard for our du-ties and the legislative process. Additionally the bill bars any funds from being used to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, or to transfer detainees. For those rea-sons, I am strongly opposed to H.R. 3219 and urge my colleagues to vote no. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropria-tions Act, because it is not a responsible way to spend taxpayer money. The bill blows through the spending limits in the Budget Con-trol Act. Responsible governing means making hard choices and spending taxpayer money wisely. This bill did not serve either of those goals. I am particularly concerned about the $1.57 billion included in this bill to pay for the border wall between the United States and Mexico. For that much money, we could pay for over 94,000 students to get their four-year degrees at a UW-System school. Instead, we are spending that money on a project that will only balloon in price and cost even more to main-tain. We need to make smart decisions about how to spend our limited resources. We should be investing in ourselves. There are plenty of opportunities to pay for important defense priorities by eliminating waste in the Defense Department. In January of 2015, the non-partisan Defense Business Board released a report outlining opportunities for reform that would save $125 billion in de-fense spending. That report is now collecting dust. That is money we could be spending on important defense priorities like troop readi-ness, training, and equipment. This spending bill is another missed opportunity at reform. Despite voting against the bill, I was happy to see $55 million provided to the VA to imple-ment the Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act. The funding will assist in increasing programs to help medical professionals and patients un-derstand the risks associated with pain medi-cation and examine alternative treatments. This will help address the opioid epidemic and give veterans and their families the tools they need and the accountability they deserve. I understand how important it is to provide ample support for our military, which is why I recently voted in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act. Supporting the brave men and women who defend this nation is of para-mount importance. We should not be inserting partisan riders into bills that should be bipar-tisan. I will continue to work with my col-leagues to support our military and pursue fis-cally responsible policies that invest in Ameri-cans. f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (ER. 3219) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 3219, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018, also ironically named the, ‘‘Make America Secure Appropriations Act’’ (Roll no. 435). I commend House appropriators for their work on this bill and realize that putting it together was no easy task. However, due to several poison pill provisions and deep budgetary issues, I could not support it. Most concerning, the bill contains $1.6 bil-lion in funding to begin construction of a wall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.003 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1080 July 28, 2017 
along the U.S.-Mexico border. A border wall serves only to instill fear and puts United States taxpayers on the hook for something that is unrealistic, costly, and unnecessary. It’s immoral and goes against our values as Americans. There are also severe budgetary concerns. The bill would increase defense spending more than $72 billion above limits set in the Budget Control Act. House Republicans have refused to work with Democrats on a new budget agreement, and without a budget reso-lution, the funding levels in this legislation would be subject to a sequester. H.R. 3219 is an affront to smart spending and a testament to misguided governing. The legislation increases funding levels for several redundant weapons programs, includ-ing certain dangerous nuclear weapons pro-grams. The prioritizing of weapons systems over our troops and veterans is wrong and will result in the hollowing out of the Army, Navy, and Air Force conventional forces. We need to set clear spending priorities. In addition, the bill contains a number of provisions that ignore basic environmental pol-icy requirements and important investments in renewable energy. It includes a rider that would prevent the federal government from protecting clean water and even exempts dis-charged dredged or fill material from clean water act requirements. The bill would also eliminate the Department of Energy’s ad-vanced energy research program and the en-ergy loan guarantee program and would slash energy efficiency & renewable energy invest-ments by nearly $1 billion. The so-called Mak-ing America Secure Act even prevents agen-cies from collaborating on federal ocean poli-cies. There was a bright spot. The House passed an amendment to defund painful experiments on dogs conducted by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. It is critical that Congress work to strengthen animal protections, which is why I’ve laid out an ambitious agenda to help ani-mals and crack down on abuse. I hope we can work together going forward to pass a budget resolution that prioritizes ap-propriately. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CAROL SHEA-PORTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 27, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. 
Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chair, I represent the First District of New Hampshire, which in-cludes Pease Air Guard Base, formerly Pease Air Force Base. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I’m aware that our military’s historic use of perfluorinated chemicals or PFCs has not only polluted the groundwater of Pease and the surrounding area, but also of bases and their environs na-tionwide. That’s why I’m offering this amend-ment to authorize the Department of Defense to fund a nationwide health impact study— which the House-passed NDAA has just au-thorized—to be conducted by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry begin-ning in FY2018. Our service members, vet-erans, and other affected constituents deserve answers about how they and their children have been harmed by these chemicals, which are classified as emerging contaminants. This contamination began in the 1970s, when more than 600 U.S. military fire-training sites used a firefighting foam that contained PFCs called perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS). Testing conducted by the Department of De-fense at many of these sites has found PFC groundwater levels that exceed EPA guide-lines many times over. At Pease, it is 12.5 times higher than the health advisory. The De-partment of Defense has so far spent $200 million assessing and remediating the water at many of these sites. The House report accom-panying the NDAA has extensive language identifying this problem and directing the De-fense Department to report to the Committee on the process and timeline for identifying and resourcing long-term remediation on military bases or in the surrounding communities. Because of widespread PFC use at sites across the United States, contaminated drink-ing water now poses a nationwide public health threat. According to the American Can-cer Society (ACS), PFOA is especially prob-lematic ‘‘because it can stay in the environ-ment and in the human body for long periods.’’ Many peer-reviewed studies indicate health dangers of PFCs, including links to testicular, kidney, and thyroid cancer, liver damage, im-paired immune system function, decreased fertility, and harm to a developing fetus or child. But the ACS says ‘‘more research is needed to clarify these findings,’’ because a comprehensive, long-term study of the health impacts of PFOA and PFOS has not yet been conducted. That is why I see a clear and pressing need for this study. Our service men and women, veterans, and others who have been exposed to PFCs deserve answers on both the short- and long-term health impacts of these con-taminants. Such a study’s findings could en-able them to take proactive measures, such as more frequent cancer screenings, to protect their own and their children’s health. Knowing that groundwater contamination ex-ists and understanding the clear danger of long-term health risks, we can begin to rem-edy past mistakes by supporting the launch of this much-needed study on behalf of our troops, our veterans, their families, and af-fected civilians. This is a debt we owe our troops and military families, defense civilian workers, and others who served on or lived near these bases. Please support our amendment to give our military members and veterans, their families and children, in and around bases across our country, the answers they deserve. f 
RECOGNIZING LAMP HIGH SCHOOL IN MONTGOMERY, ALABAMA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the history and continued legacy of LAMP High School in Montgomery, Alabama. This Magnet school remains a sig-nificant testament to the success of public education in America, especially in the historic city of Montgomery. LAMP, originally an acronym for Lanier Aca-demic Motivational Program, had its origin in 1984 as a magnet program in Lanier High School. As the Montgomery Board of Edu-cation saw that white flight away from inte-grated schools continued to increase, public education leaders affirmed that retaining racial balance in schools would allow for quality edu-cation for all students. The first director of the program, Mary George Jester, brilliantly led this school to continually be the number one ranked public school in Alabama, a top 50 public school na-tionally, and the number one ranked magnet school in the nation in 2013, according to Newsweek and US News and World Report. What started as an idea by the Board of Edu-cation to combat white flight turned into a pro-gram with the philosophy that any student, re-gardless of background or race, could get the highest quality education in Alabama. Mary George Jester relentlessly took that attitude into a community that was all too familiar with innovative ideas, a fervor for change, and the desire for equal opportunity. Montgomery re-mains the backdrop of LAMP High School today as it boasts it’s racial, religious, and cul-tural diversity. However, as the 2017 to 2018 school year approaches, LAMP will move locations for the third time in four years. After LAMP formed in an already existing high school in 1984, it fi-nally received its own building in 1999. That facility, built in 1923, housed the first junior and senior high schools for African-American students, and was named after Henry Allen Loveless, a founding member of the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church. Subsequently, LAMP changed its acronym to what it is today: Love-less Academic Magnet Program—reflecting the name of that building. As students and faculty grew accustomed to their new sur-roundings and strived to get national recogni-tion, the building they worked in slowly dete-riorated. Finally, after 13 years, that building was deemed severely unsafe for a school, and the school was promptly moved in November of 2014 to a temporary, unused elementary school building a couple miles away down-town. Nevertheless, LAMP persisted, with stu-dents, faculty, and administrators scrambling to get situated; this was not the first nor the last time LAMP would have to adapt to a new environment. The timeless philosophy Mary George Jester instilled in the program that ‘‘excellence in education does not limit itself in the classroom; rather, it encompasses the stu-dent’s entire world.’’ After being present for LAMP’s second move, Ms. Jester retired after returning that year to be the principal. Ms. Jester’s philosophy remained as LAMP was informed that it would be moving again to a renovated portion of the closed down and va-cant Montgomery Mall building. The brand new facility will reopen for students and faculty in August of 2017, which will complete its fourth and final move. It took the push of education leaders in 1984 for LAMP’s success to transcend build-ings thirty-three years later. Through commu-nity support early on, LAMP stands as a testa-ment that public education creates developed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.004 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1081 July 28, 2017 
minds with the ability to adapt to adversity. As current Principal Matthew Monson leads the school onward, Ms. Jester’s philosophy is clearer than ever: education is ‘‘always believ-ing in, and always nurturing the mind, body and soul, no matter the hindrances.’’ On behalf of Alabama’s 7th Congressional District, and the nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing LAMP High School in Montgomery, Alabama for demonstrating the pinnacle of public education in the face of ad-versity. 
f 
HONORING BRIAN ROSS LUCAS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Brian Ross Lucas. Brian is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 222, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Brian has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Brian has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Brian has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Brian completed a land-scaping project around a sign he also erected for Eagleville United Methodist Church in Eagleville, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Brian Ross Lucas for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 2017 GRADUATING CLASS OF THE DODIE LONDEN EXCELLENCE IN PUBLIC SERVICE SERIES 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the graduating class of the 2017 Dodie Londen Excellence in Public Service Series. Brandy Wells, Cindy Casaus, Debi Vandenboom, Farhana Ahmed, Jeni White, Kristen Desmangles, Lauren Pem-berton, Lisa Godzich, Dr. Shadow Asgari, Simone Hall, ViciLee Jacobs, Bernadette Coggins and Yvonne Cahill have all distin-guished themselves as impactful leaders in our community. 
f 
HONORING NAFCU NEWEST BOARD MEMBER 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Brian Schools on his recent se-lection to the Board of Directors at the Na-tional Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, NAFCU. Mr. Schools has been President and CEO of Chartway Federal Credit Union in Virginia Beach since 2015. Mr. Schools joined Chartway Federal Credit Union in 2008 and served as vice president of lending, corporate strategy officer, and corporate divisional presi-dent, until he assumed his current role. Mr. Schools has more than 20 years of business leadership experience and holds a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Virginia Tech and a Master of Business Administration from Virginia Commonwealth University. He has also served as a Board member of Chartway’s We Promise Foundation, which provides financial support to make dreams and wishes come to life for children facing medical challenges. He is known at his credit union as a highly capable leader who has the experience, the determination, and the drive to position Chartway for the opportunities and challenges ahead. Mr. Schools’ business experience and leadership will bring a tremendous amount of expertise to the NAFCU Board. I wish Mr. Schools the best of luck in his new role on the NAFCU Board, and look for-ward to working with him in this capacity. I ask that my colleagues join me today in congratu-lating Brian Schools on this achievement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE VILLAGE OF PENTWATER 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the village of Pentwater, Michigan on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. On March 16, 1867, the former settlement of Pentwater was officially incorporated as a village by the Michigan Legislature. The Vic-torian homes and cottages scattered around the village remind visitors of Pentwater’s his-toric past. Its first sawmill—opened in 1867— turned into a booming lumbering industry, in-cluding the largest shingle mill in the United States. As we look back at Pentwater’s his-toric past, we hope to preserve that which has made it special. From early on, Pentwater was known as a scenic resort destination. Today, with its pic-turesque location on Lake Michigan, Pentwater offers countless options for recre-ation and entertainment. Charles Mears State Park provides visitors the opportunity to hike, fish, sail and enjoy all that Lake Michigan has to offer. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 150th Anniversary of the village of Pentwater, Michigan. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN MATHEWS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dan Mathews and thank him for his years of dedicated service to Congress and the American taxpayers. Dan has worked on the Hill for over 20 years, and, he has been a fixture on the staff of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure as the Re-publican Staff Director of the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management for the last 14 years. The Subcommittee has a wide area of jurisdic-tion covering federal buildings and court-houses, the General Services Administration, and GSA leases and capital projects, the Smithsonian, the Kennedy Center, the Na-tional Gallery of Art, and numerous other fed-eral facilities. In addition, Dan also staffed the Select Bipartisan Committee to Investigate the Preparedness for and the Response to Hurri-cane Katrina in 2006. He was one of the pri-mary authors of the Committee’s investigative report, ‘‘A Failure of Initiative,’’ which led to the successful enactment of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act, and later the establishment of the National Pre-paredness System and the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act. In his time with the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, Dan has had a lead-ing role in the enactment of major pieces of legislation related to public buildings and emergency management. Most notably, during his tenure, he has overseen the passage and the initial implementation of the Federal As-sets Sale and Transfer Act (FASTA), which will shrink the size of government and help en-sure savings by selling or redeveloping high value properties, consolidating federal space, and streamlining the disposal of unneeded as-sets; the Post-Katrina Emergency Manage-ment Reform Act, which gave FEMA clear guidance on its mission and priorities, and provided the legislative authorities needed to better partner with state, local, tribal, and terri-torial governments before, during, and after disasters; and the Sandy Recovery Improve-ment Act, which was the most significant legis-lative change to the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency’s (FEMA) substantive au-thorities since the enactment of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act of 1974. Dan has also worked tirelessly to save tax-payer money by reducing the cost of federal real estate, reducing waste in the federal courthouse construction program, coordinating efforts by agencies to reduce leasing costs through space reductions and consolidations, and pushing GSA to negotiate the best lease deals for the taxpayer. It comes as no surprise given his experience and efforts, that the Ad-ministration has appointed him Commissioner of GSA’s Public Buildings Service. I am con-fident in that role, Dan will continue the impor-tant work of ensuring GSA and other federal agencies continue to reduce costs and make smarter decisions in federal real estate to ben-efit the taxpayer. In his spare time, Dan enjoys spending time with his family, his wife Lara and their two daughters, traveling, doing yoga, and rock climbing. Mr. Speaker, please join me in ac-knowledging Dan’s achievements during his tenure here in the House of Representatives and in wishing Dan the best of luck with new endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.001 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1082 July 28, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE 200TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AUBURN CORREC-TIONAL FACILITY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th Anniversary of the Auburn Correctional Facility in Auburn, NY. The Auburn Correctional Facility has served Central New York diligently and without fail— never ceasing to operate 24 hours a day for seven days a week—for 200 years. The Au-burn Correctional Facility has been an eco-nomic driver in Auburn and Central New York, creating jobs and boosting the local economy over the past two centuries. I commend the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision for keeping the Auburn Correctional Facility oper-ational for the last 200 years, and I wish the Auburn Correctional Facility continued success in the years to come. 
f 
FEDERAL COURT DECISION ON THE PRESIDENTIAL ADVISORY COMMISSION ON ELECTION IN-TEGRITY 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express deep concern about the recent Federal Court decision on the Trump Administration’s Presidential Advisor Commis-sion on Election Integrity. The partisan com-mission led by Vice President P
ENCE and Kan- sas Secretary of State Kris Kobach sparked controversy on June 28th when they re-quested the names, date of birth, party reg-istrations, partial Social Security numbers, and voting history of more than 150 million reg-istered voters across America. Immediately following this request, voting rights groups and civil liberty activists chal-lenged the Commission on Election Integrity in Federal Court. Earlier this week, a D.C. fed-eral judge ruled that the White House is ex-empt from federal privacy review require-ments, permitting the Trump Administration’s commission to move forward with collecting voters’ personal information throughout the country. This decision is a setback to democ-racy, because it legitimizes the voter suppres-sion efforts of this commission. The creation of the Commission on Election Integrity is based on an inaccurate claim by President Trump that he would have ‘‘won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of peo-ple who voted illegally.’’ It is also upsetting that the commission is using tax payer money to promote this false narrative. Fortunately, the D.C. Federal Court’s deci-sion will not be the final ruling on the legit-imacy of the Presidential Advisory Commis-sion on Election Integrity. Many other groups, including the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, have filed lawsuits in federal courts across the country to challenge the commission’s efforts. With the seemingly constant attacks on vot-ing rights, it is easy to become discouraged and disengaged. I challenge every American to draw inspiration from the foot soldiers of the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Movement who risked their lives in the pursuit of unfettered access to the ballot. As old battles become new again, we must re-double our efforts to ensure equal access to the voting booth. That is why I proposed H.R. 2978—The Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2017. By restoring the full protection of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we can address the problem of voter discrimination and help ensure all Americans, regardless of race and economic status, are able to exercise their right to vote. f 
HONORING TALENT IN GEORGIA’S FILM INDUSTRY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the success and bright future of the film industry in my home state of Georgia. When Americans ventured out to see fea-ture films like Spiderman: Homecoming and Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2 they watched movies that were shot 50 miles south of my home in Gainesville. Ten years ago, no one could imagine big ticket films such as these being produced here. But today, Geor-gia’s film industry yields an economic impact of over $7 billion. The need for Georgians to keep up with the pace of this industry’s growth is crucial. There-fore, I want to take the time to commend the efforts that my northeast Georgia friends have taken to educate and inspire our youngest generation to get involved in film production. Recently, the Hall County Library System hosted a film school that offered free classes to young students. There, students were taught how to draft their own movie scripts, shoot videos at different angles, and edit them in order to provide viewers with the best expe-rience. Additionally, I want to recognize Opal Little-ton, a star on the rise from Dahlonega. She was recently cast as the role of young Char-lotte Byrde on the show Ozark and is working with Clint Eastwood on his film, 15:17 to Paris. The future of Georgia’s film industry is being paved by the talent of these young Georgians and the support that their loved ones give to them. I am excited to watch them grow and take on their own roles in the success of Georgia’s film industry. 
f 
HONORING DR. JOSEPH V. ERARDI, JR. 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Joseph Erardi, Jr. upon his retirement as the Superintendent of Schools in Newtown, Connecticut. Dr. Erardi is a distinguished educator and administrator, and his legacy of fighting for Connecticut’s students will inspire the next generation of public servants. Dr. Erardi has long been active in education in our state. He completed his undergraduate and Master’s degrees at Central Connecticut State University before earning his Doctorate in Educational Leadership from the University of Hartford. Before joining the Newtown Public Schools, Joe worked in school administration at Rockville High, Killingly High, and Man-chester Public Schools. He then worked as Superintendent at the Southington, Watertown, and Bolton school districts in Connecticut be-fore joining Newtown as Superintendent in 2014. Joe’s leadership has been vital to support our local schools during a challenging time for our state and local governments. In November 2016, the Connecticut Boards of Education and Connecticut Association of Public School Superintendents named Dr. Erardi as the Su-perintendent of the Year for 2017 in recogni-tion of his dedication to students, teachers, and his district. What’s more, in spite of his demanding work at Newtown Public Schools, Joe found the time to teach at Central Con-necticut State University and to share his ex-perience with the next generation of edu-cators. On a personal note, I want to honor my friend Joe. He is a true educator, mentor, and citizen servant. Joe, we’ll miss you—but know that your service stands as a benchmark for all of us who care about education and about our communities. I extend him my best wishes for an enjoyable retirement with his wife, Sue, and children, Joe and Chelsea. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Joseph Erardi dedicated his career in public service to improving our public schools and ensuring Connecticut’s stu-dents receive a quality education. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY NURNBERG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jerry Nurnberg for his many years of service to the Creston Volunteer Fire Department. After serv-ing admirably for 45 years, Jerry has decided it’s time to hang up his boots. Jerry joined the Creston Fire Department in 1972. Not only did he work calls for fires, but in the beginning, the volunteers also re-sponded to ambulance calls. He has had ex-perience with everything from house fires to train wrecks and has been the treasurer for the volunteer fire fighters for most of his ten-ure. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor representing Jerry in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in commending him for his outstanding service to the city of Creston and in wishing him nothing but the best in his retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.012 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1083 July 28, 2017 
LEINENKUGEL’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in cele-bration of the 150th Anniversary of the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company. As every Wis-consinite knows, Leinenkugel’s is a staple of our state’s economy and has been for 150 years. In my district, Chippewa Falls, WI is home to one of the original Leinenkugel breweries and is still proudly producing union made Leinenkugel beer today. In fact, Leinenkugel’s is not only one of the oldest continuously op-erating breweries in the United States; it is also the 4th largest craft brewer in our coun-try. Leinenkugel Brewing Company has also been a dynamic driver of tourism in my district and across the state of Wisconsin. The brew-ery’s visitor center, the Leinie Lodge, draws over 125,000 visitors annually making it one of the most prominent tourist destinations in our great state of Wisconsin. Leinenkugel’s success, however, is not only because they manufacture great tasting beer, but it’s also because they embody the Wis-consin notion of service to others. The Leinenkugel family has a long history of public service, dating back to World War II when Bill Leinenkugel served as a United States Marine in the South Pacific. It was this same passion for service that propelled Bill’s 40-year career with the brewing company. Two of Bill’s sons, the fifth generation of the family to work for the brewery, Jake and Dick also served as of-ficers in the United States Marine Corps. In addition to their service as Marines, Dick Leinenkugel served as a County Board Super-visor in Waukesha County, WI and as Wiscon-sin’s Secretary of Commerce from 2008 until 2010. Jake Leinenkugel is retired from the company but continues to honor the Leinenkugel tradition of service as a Senior White House Advisor to the Veterans Adminis-tration. The dedication for community involve-ment and support has been passed down through generations and continues to shape the way in which the Leinenkugel family does business in western Wisconsin today. Whether it’s brewing Leinenkugel beer in Chippewa Falls, WI or serving our country in the Marines, the Leinenkugel family consist-ently represents the hardworking values of all Wisconsinites. With this in mind, I’d like to raise a Summer Shandy and congratulate the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company and Leinenkugel family on 150 years of dedicated service to western Wisconsin. 
f 
MEMORIAL TRIBUTE TO KATHERINE JENNINGS MOXHAM 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Katherine Jennings Moxham who passed away on July 7, 2017. Katherine Jennings ‘‘Kate’’ Moxham, 46, a resident of Kennebunk, Maine, died Friday, July 7, 2017 at Maine Medical Center in Port-land from injuries received in an accident while riding a bike from home to the town li-brary. She was an advocate for education, lit-erature, science, the environment and per-sonal rights, regardless of race, gender or sexual orientation. Kate was born May 5, 1971 in Kingston, PA, the daughter of Donald Bryden Jennings and Freda Ann Lockyer Jennings, and is a grad-uate of Merrimack College in North Andover, MA with a BA degree in history. Kate was constantly seeking knowledge and educating. She loved reading, had a huge passion for libraries and learning, and was a constant advocate for both. She was vocal about what she stood for and fought for what she believed in. Having been awakened more recently (as she put it), Kate participated in the recent march for Women in Washington, DC, and in the March for Science in Boston. Bringing people together to make connec-tions and develop relationships, within her family, her wide circle of friends and her com-munity was a hugely important part of her life. She was always the brightest light in the room wherever she was. Her laugh was infectious and her wit kept others in stitches. And her heart was as big as could be. She would help others without them needing to ask on a daily basis. And if they asked, she was right there. One of Kate’s passions was literature, and getting kids within her realm to pick up on that passion in any way she could. She was a vol-unteer at the Kennebunk Free Library, and served on its board of Trustees, including a term as board chair. Kate worked as librarian in the Kennebunk School System, at the Sea Road School library and also the Mildred L. Day School Library; created summer reading lists for all students from elementary grades through junior high, and created personal lists for students she knew so they would be chal-lenged, intrigued, and enjoy the fun of a good book. First and foremost was Kate’s love of her immediate family—husband Todd of 17 years, and sons Tyler (15) and Riley (13). She was a tireless advocate for Tyler and Riley in the school system and in life. She loved to travel and show them new places and things to ex-pand their minds, and to show them how to live in a community, taking care of others. She was planning to go next spring on a service trip with Tyler to Mississippi with a team from South Congregational Church. Survivors include her husband Todd Moxham, two sons Tyler Moxham and Riley Moxham, all of Kennebunk, Maine. f 
DONATTI RECEIVES PRESTIGIOUS FULBRIGHT AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Michael Donatti of Pearland, TX, for receiving a Fulbright award to work on his Master of Science degree at the University of Bristol in the UK. Michael is a Rice University student study-ing environmental policy and management. His environmental policy program will cover corporate environmental sustainability, legal and economic frameworks and climate science, and will require him to write a thesis. Each year the Fulbright Program grants stu-dents the opportunity to study, research or teach English abroad in an effort to inter-nationalize communities and campuses around the world. Fulbright scholars focus on the conditions and challenges differing regions face, as well as building valuable U.S. rela-tionships. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Michael for receiving this Fulbright award. Keep up the great work. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF RON VAN GUNDY 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a respected constituent of mine, Ron Van Gundy. Since 1968, Ron devoted his time and en-ergy to the Roza Irrigation District in the Yak-ima Basin. His collaborative efforts throughout the years have guided the district through sev-eral major droughts, enhanced water quality, and improved conservation efforts. In Central Washington, water is often times a luxury, and it takes an intelligent, visionary mind to navigate the unique irrigation chal-lenges that face our farmers. Ron exhibited an unmatched sense of leadership and cultivated strong relationships throughout the region and state-wide. He did all of this to gain support for one of Washington’s most important and vulnerable agricultural districts. Ron will be missed by many, and I am proud to have worked with him. We can honor his legacy by continuing his work and dem-onstrating the passion he had for water solu-tions in Washington’s 4th District. I ask my colleagues to please join me in re-membering Ron Van Gundy. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CITY OF PARAMOUNT’S 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the City of Paramount on its 60th anniversary. I am deeply honored to rep-resent this hub of innovation and history as part of California’s 40th Congressional District, and I hope my colleagues will join me in pay-ing tribute to Paramount and its residents. The City of Paramount was incorporated in 1957 after two communities, Hynes and Clear-water, merged. The unincorporated Hynes- Clearwater community staged a hard-fought campaign, ‘‘Save Paramount for Paramount,’’ contesting its annexation from surrounding communities, and secured the right to self- governance. The city we now call Paramount has been home to a rich and enduring history. The city’s ‘‘Hay Tree,’’ where the price of the world’s hay used to be set each day, stands today as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JY8.004 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1084 July 28, 2017 
State Historical Landmark, proudly rep-resenting Paramount’s inspiring past as a major hay and dairy producer. Iceland, an ice rink opened in 1940 by Frank Zamboni and an early Paramount landmark, celebrates the city’s rich ice skating history. Iceland has not only been a widely enjoyed community asset, but the training facility for professional skaters such as Olympic champions Sonia Henie and Dorothy Hamill. The world-famous Zamboni Ice-Resurfacing Machine, which Mr. Zamboni developed in Paramount, is a memorable illus-tration of the area’s enduring spirit of innova-tion. In the spirit of the city’s motto, ‘‘Positively Paramount,’’ residents of Paramount share a commitment to making the city the best it can be. Named an ‘‘All-America City’’ in 1988 for its redevelopment efforts, Paramount con-tinues to flourish as a thriving urban center. The city’s revitalization in recent decades has inspired an arts movement, sparked invest-ments in commercial and residential rehabilita-tion, and, most notably, reinvented the down-town. The City of Paramount has transformed the Paramount Pond from a vacant lot riddled with blight to a unique and thriving plaza, whose artistic features encourage community and family-oriented values and celebrate ice skat-ing history. Only a block from Frank Zamboni’s ice rink, families, residents, and tourists can dine at three different restaurants, admire the beautiful bronze sculptures, and play on a miniature Zamboni Ice-Resurfacing Machine. At the heart of Paramount are the Civic Center Gardens, connecting City Hall, the community hospital, and the county library. The gardens are much-loved by Paramount residents, and reflect the city’s commitment to innovation and community unification. Paramount’s commitment to redevelopment continues to this day. City leaders have re-cently come together to support a multimillion dollar campaign to revitalize more than 155,000 square feet of downtown Paramount. Paramount Town Center West and Paramount Town Center East have been renovated. A new, vibrant shopping center, Clearwater Crossing Shopping Center, has been com-pleted. New outdoor patios where families can dine, additional public parking, and wider side-walks are making Paramount a more pleasant place for all. The city’s redevelopment efforts and business-friendly reputation have attracted major restaurant chains including Applebee’s, Habit Burger Grill, Chipotle, and Waba Grill, as well as retailers including WSS Shoes and AutoZone. I hope my colleagues will join me in sending their best wishes and congratulations to Para-mount on its 60th anniversary. Let us salute its optimistic spirit, and its commitment to em-bracing the future through smart investments, innovation, and creativity. May Paramount re-main strong, successful, and ‘‘Positively Para-mount’’ in the years ahead. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAYTHA SEBASTO IN CELEBRATION OF HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Mrs. Maytha Sebasto’s 80th birthday. Maytha is a beloved wife, mother, teacher, and friend to many. Maytha Sebasto was born in Merced, Cali-fornia to M.O. and Bertha Richards. Her par-ents were true pioneers and farmed in Merced and later in the LeGrand area. Maytha grad-uated LeGrand High School in 1955 and went on to Fresno State where she earned her de-gree in elementary education in 1960. While in high school, Maytha belonged to her local 4– H club and was a member of Job’s Daughters and President of the Girls League. Maytha began teaching at LeGrand Elemen-tary School in the fall of 1958 with a provi-sional credential. Her teaching philosophy was simple: Always give your students a strong foundation for their future success. In 1960 she taught at Eastin Arcola in Madera County and then in 1961 she joined Fresno Unified School District, teaching pri-mary grades at Tielman Elementary, Birney Elementary and Columbia. Maytha joined the faculty at Ewing Elementary in 1967. In 1990 she joined the faculty at Ayer Elementary where she remained until her retirement after more than 35 years of teaching. Maytha was beloved by her students and spent the last 15 years of her career teaching Kindergarten. Maytha caught the eye of a young soldier, Alfred Sebasto at a church party. The two were married on December 29, 1962. For the first year of their marriage, Maytha and Alfred lived in Augsburg, Germany, where Alfred was stationed in the U.S. Army. Thereafter, the two moved back to the Sebasto Family Farm on the Eastside of Fresno County to raise their family. Maytha and Alfred are the proud par-ents of two loving daughters, Theresa and Alfreda. Maytha not only assists her husband in the family farming operation, but she also volun-teered for the Farm Bureau ‘‘Ag in the Class-room’’ program, teaching students and teach-ers more about the industry of agriculture and its importance to our community. Since her re-tirement from teaching, Maytha has become an accomplished water color artist. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Maytha Sebasto as she celebrates her 80th birthday. I ask that you join me in wishing her and her family contin-ued health and happiness. f 
SUPPORTING LEGISLATION TO RE-DUCE SEXUAL ASSAULT ON COL-LEGE CAMPUSES 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to speak in support of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act and the Megan Rondini Act. During August recess, students across the country will return to their universities, some will be freshmen, going to college for the first time. Therefore, I hope that Congress can take decisive action and pass these bills when we return in September. It is our responsibility to ensure all students are safe and secure when they are away from home and pursuing their college education. We cannot ignore the rise of sexual assault on college campuses across this country. RAAIN, the nation’s largest anti-sexual vio-lence organization, reports one in six women in our nation have been the victim of rape or attempted rape. College-aged women are three to four times more likely to experience sexual assault. Unfortunately when many of these women seek medical attention and jus-tice through their universities, they find neither. I have the privilege of representing the Uni-versity of Alabama, the fastest growing flag-ship university in the country. As our univer-sities grow and the number of sexual assault victims grow, it is imperative that universities become the allies of all students, especially victims of sexual assault. I am proud to join my colleagues in co- sponsoring the Campus Accountability and Security Act. The proposed legislation would increase accountability and transparency be-tween universities and students and ensure safer university environments. Schools will be responsible for providing essential resources for victims, like confidential advisers and well- trained campus personnel. This training will teach campus personnel the neurobiological effects of trauma and stress on the victim and their memory, ensuring that the students re-ceive victim-centered, trauma-informed inter-views. For every one-thousand rapes in the United States only fifty-seven reports will lead to ar-rest; only six of these will result in the incar-ceration of a rapist. This bill would require that campus authorities coordinate with local law enforcement and share information when a crime occurs. Pursuant to the Cleary Act of 1990, universities are required to keep and make public information about assault cases and other crimes. This current bill will create stronger penalties for universities that do not comply with their responsibilities laid out by the Cleary Act. Likewise, my colleagues Representative MALONEY and Representative P OEintroduced H.R. 3415, the Megan Rondini Act of 2017 this week. This bipartisan bill requires hos-pitals to have a Sexual Assault Forensic Ex-aminer, also known as a SAFE, or an alter-native plan that gets victims to a nearby hos-pital with access to these resources. Requiring that SAFEs are available to victims 24 hours a day, 7 days a week results in both the prop-er medical attention and the preservation of the evidence necessary to litigate the assault. I urge all the members of Congress to sup-port the Campus Accountability and Security Act, the Megan Rondini Act and any other leg-islation that would protect victims of sexual vi-olence on our college campuses. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-NIVERSARY OF M
CDADE PARK IN SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th Anniversary of McDade Park, which will be celebrated on Monday, July 31, 2017. For four decades McDade Park has been an important part of Lackawanna County, providing residents and visitors with a place to have fun and enjoy the beauty and history of Northeastern Pennsyl-vania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.012 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1085 July 28, 2017 
Since 1977, McDade Park has offered serv-ices and recreational amenities for everyone. The park’s 180 acres include several sports fields utilized by athletes of all ages while na-ture lovers enjoy the park’s hiking trail and ponds for fishing. Programs such as youth soccer, women’s golf, children’s fishing derbies, and many others bring people to-gether for some friendly competition. More re-cently, McDade Park has taken great strides to become more accessible to people of all needs. The Boundless Playground is a special structure added in 2009 which contains wheel-chair-accessible slides and special sensory areas that allows children of all needs and abilities to have fun. McDade Park has also helped bring past and present together by commemorating Lackawanna County’s history. The Lacka-wanna Coal Mine tour, Pennsylvania Anthra-cite Museum, and Miner’s Memorial are lo-cated at the park to preserve Lackawanna County’s rich industrial past. The coal mine tour allows visitors to descend 300 feet under-ground via a mine car to explore a restored anthracite coal mine. In addition to the mine tour, McDade Park is home to memorials dedi-cated to honor Cancer Survivors and to com-memorate the September 11, 2001 attacks on our country. It is an honor to recognize McDade Park as it celebrates its 40th Anniversary. May the people of Lackawanna County continue to enjoy the beauty and history that McDade Park offers for many, many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FLORENTINO DURAN 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Florentino ‘‘Tino’’ Duran. Born and raised in San Antonio, Florentino Duran was an accomplished man. He per-severed and managed to become Student Corps President, an ROTC Colonel, and editor of his high school newspaper. After high school, he served four years in the United States Air Force. Once he finished his service, Mr. Duran attended St. Mary’s University and received a bachelor’s degree in political science and a master’s degree in public ad-ministration. Mr. Duran worked in a variety of capacities after graduating college. He served as execu-tive assistant to both Mayor John Gatti and the Lyndon B. Johnson Administration. He also worked as executive director of the Bexar County Department of Housing, President of the National Association of Hispanic Publica-tions of the United States (NAHP) and Vice President of the Hispanic Chamber of Com-merce of San Antonio. Later in Mr. Duran’s career, he became general manager of a Dallas newspaper known as ‘‘El Sol de Tejas’’. He then became CEO and president of the ‘‘Hispanic Informer’’. In 1989, Duran and his loving wife Millie re-introduced the newspaper ‘‘La Prensa’’ as a bilingual publication reporting on San Antonio and the Hispanic community. Mr. Duran’s successful career brought nu-merous recognitions, including the 2002 Media Award, presented by the San Antonio Police Association; the 2006 Community Service Award from the San Antonio-Norte Chamber of Commerce; and the 2005 Henry B. Gon-zalez Public Service and Integrity award, pre-sented by the Department of Public Adminis-tration of San Antonio College. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize and honor the life of Florentine Duran of San Antonio. f 
HONORING MILJENKO ‘‘MIKE’’ GRGICH, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Cul-ture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneur-ship and Innovation, or Community Service. Mr. Grgich is very deserving of this award and recognition. Mike Grgich was born in Desne, Croatia and studied winemaking and viticulture at the Uni-versity of Zagreb before leaving to escape communism. He came to Napa Valley in 1958 where he has become a successful vintner and an innovator in the wine community. After arriving in Napa, Mike learned from some of the best vintners in the region. He be-came a winemaker for Chateau Montelena and made the Chardonnay that won the 1976 Paris Tasting, forever changing the way the world views American Wine. George Taber documented this consequential decision in a TIME magazine article, ‘‘Modern Living: Judg-ment of Paris.’’ The resulting coverage of the Judgment of Paris created an immediate posi-tive impact on the world of wine, and inspired among experts, consumers, and the trade a new appreciation for California wines. In 1995, Mike returned to the University of Zagreb at the age of 72 and finally received the degree in enology and viticulture that he earned as a young man. In 2002, he helped prove that the Zinfandel vine originated in Cro-atia. His work led to his induction into the Vint-ners Hall of Fame and a Lifetime Achievement Award from the California State Fair. His 366- acre property, Grgich Hills, is completely or-ganic, solar powered and strongly supports community organizations. Mike is an active member of Roots of Peace, an organization that works to replace land mines with grape vines all over the world. In 2007, Roots of Peace presented Mike with their Global Cit-izen Award for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Mr. Miljenko ‘‘Mike’’ Grgich for his achievements and for enriching our community. It is fitting and prop-er that we honor him here today with the American Dream Award. HONORING YEHIA ‘‘JOHN’’ SHOUSHER ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Toledo area legend as he celebrates his 90th birthday, Yehia ‘‘John’’ Shousher. An American of Lebanese heritage, a proud U.S. citizen and indefatigable Ambassador of Goodwill, Mr. Shousher has been a one-of-a- kind Arab American leader in Greater Toledo since he adopted the community as an immi-grant to our nation. Yehia, who with his brother ran a real estate investment company and J-S Vending, has been a leader in the Toledo community for decades as a civic-minded businessman as well as a Multi-Faith and Multi-Cultural Ambas-sador. Yehia has served as an administrator, public relations representative, and fund-raiser in the Muslim community for many years. His gen-erosity has been felt in many homes and orga-nizations in our community. At the same time, he has also focused his efforts on building back hope in his ancestral land of Lebanon. He worked to establish student exchanges, vil-lage development and medical education throughout Lebonon’s Bekaa Valley. Yehia was one of the founders of the first mosque in Toledo, which was established in 1954 on East Bancroft Street. After the mem-bership of the Mosque on East Bancroft Street outgrew the location, Yehia helped secure and plan the 48-acre campus that has become one of the icons of Perrysburg Township: the mosque and Islamic Center of Greater Toledo, which opened in 1983. The Center has been a fulcrum of the Mus-lim and Interfaith communities, working to pro-mote freedom and tolerance of religion and, together with his cherished wife Emney, Yehia has been an integral part of its inner workings and work in the larger community. Always involved in events which promote cooperation among the faith and ethnic tradi-tions in our community, Yehia’s dedication to cultural diversity was recognized when he be-came a 2013 inductee into the Heroes of Compassion Gallery for Toledo. Yehia’s commitment to the Toledo commu-nity has been passed on to his children, Hus-sein, Lila, Mona and Mariam, his 10 grand-children and his six great-grandchildren. When I think of John, I see him carrying the flag of Lebanon at the annual Multi Faith Council’s parade of nations at the University of Toledo on Martin Luther King holiday. I see him hospitably greeting guests with his wife Emney at events throughout our community welcoming new citizens. He has been instru-mental in inviting religious leaders and public officials from throughout the world to visit To-ledo and built our community into a place of gracious welcome. I see him setting up exchange programs for students from Arab speaking countries to transmit the learning and values of a free soci-ety. He graciously took the time to include me on unforgettable travels with his family through the village of his ancestors and adjoining terri-tories. The memories of that journey greatly inform my work. Yehia with Emney at his side, and their bright smiles, have been indefatigable forces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.014 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1086 July 28, 2017 
for good in our community for nearly a cen-tury. We wish them well in the coming years and consider our community fortunate to have them among us. The Quran 7:199 teaches, ‘‘Show Forgive-ness, Enjoin Kindness, Avoid Ignorance.’’ Yehia ‘‘John’’ Shousher has spent his life on this earth demonstrating this message through word and deed. His legacy is writ large in his faith community, his family, the land of his birth and our region. We celebrate with Yehia as he reaches this milestone birthday of his 90th year. We take this moment to thank him for all he has done for so many in our community, for his leader-ship, for his efforts to promote mutual under-standing and tolerance of diverse cultures and foster acceptance of our differences. Best wishes to both John and Emney as he cele-brates this special milestone. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MAJ. CHARLES APPLEBERRY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the military service of Major Charles Appleberry of Flat River, Missouri. Major Appleberry was a medical doctor who enlisted in the Army on May 26, 1942 and served until his discharge on January 29, 1946. As a member of the Army Medical Corps, he served in the South Pacific during World War II. He saved many lives, but one par-ticular surgery is recounted in the Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune on November 1, 1944. It tells of how Dr. Appleberry removed a live Japanese 20 millimeter shell from the chest of Private Jackie Miles on the island of Leyte in The Philippines. The newspaper account ex-plains how the doughboy clung to life, ‘‘un-aware that the group of tense medics were risking their lives to save him.’’ The article states how Major Appleberry firmly grasped the shell, removed it and safely lifted it to a tray for careful disposal. After the war, Dr. Appleberry returned to St. Francois County to resume his medical career at the Farmington State Hospital and Bonne Terre Hospital until his death in 1984. Those who knew the doctor join with VFW Post No. 5741 in Leadington today to honor him for his 55-year career as a physician both at home and at war. I join them in recognizing Dr. Appleberry today before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WARREN B. ROLAND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Warren B. Roland for his 50 years of service as a Fu-neral Director in Atlantic, Iowa. Warren was recently honored at the 137th Annual Iowa Fu-neral Directors Association Convention. Warren grew up in Atlantic where his father was a Funeral Director who served as a Presi-dent of the Iowa Funeral Directors Associa-tion. He admired his father’s dedication to his profession and to his community, which helped influence his decision to pursue a ca-reer as a funeral director. Warren is a 1966 graduate of the University of Minnesota and is co-owner of Roland Funeral Home in Atlantic. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate Warren for his many years of dedicated and devoted service to Atlantic, Iowa and the sur-rounding area. Warren and his staff make a difference by helping and serving others in a time of need. It is with great honor that I rec-ognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him for his out-standing service in the funeral industry and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, during consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act of fiscal year 2018 on July 13, 2017, my good friend and colleague Mr. N
ADLER of New York introduced an amend-ment to strike section 1022 of the bill prohib-iting the use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay to the United States. Though I supported the amendment, I erroneously casted a NO vote (Roll Call Vote No. 359); I intended to vote AYE. I want to make it clear that I support my col-league from New York’s amendment and any other measure that leads to closing the deten-tion centers at Guantanamo Bay. Guantanamo Bay is a stain on American values of justice and due process. Since joining Congress, I have signed onto many pieces of legislation to close the facility. In a previous defense appro-priation, I voted for an amendment by Mr. N
ADLER to prohibit funds to be used to ren-ovate and expand the facility at Guantanamo Bay along with supporting an amendment to close the detention facility that was introduced by Representative Mr. S
MITH of Washington. Yesterday, I voted for another amendment in-troduced by Mr. N
ADLER to close the facility. I appreciate the opportunity to clarify my record and to reassure my constituents that I maintain my opposition to the continuing oper-ations of the detention centers at Guantanamo Bay. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. CHARLES WILSON 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize an outstanding individual, Mr. Charles E. ‘‘Charlie’’ Wilson, of Carlisle, Kentucky, for his distinguished military service during World War II. Mr. Wilson, a part of the greatest gen-eration, served our nation in the United States Army. Mr. Wilson was just eighteen years old when he registered for the draft and became a member of the United States Army in 1943, where he served until the end of the war. He was assigned to the 4th Infantry Division just five days before the D-Day invasion of Nor-mandy. After clearing Utah Beach, the 4th Infantry Division was sent to liberate Cherbourg. Mr. Wilson served as a forward observer, keeping the infantry safe. During his second rotation to the front, he was injured badly by German shells. The injury left him paralyzed for fifteen days. To this day, Mr. Wilson suffers from pain from this injury. Mr. Wilson returned to his unit and became a tank driver for the rest of the war. On Au-gust 25, 1944, Wilson’s 19th birthday, he helped liberate the city of Paris. During the battle of Hurtgen Forest, Mr. Wilson was in-jured again. He was found half-buried, uncon-scious, and bleeding. He was treated and re-joined the effort. The Army went on to free all of France and kept pushing the Germans until the war was won. As the end of the war neared, in April 1945, Mr. Wilson helped to identify the Dachau Concentration Camp, sav-ing the lives of many Jewish people. After the war, Mr. Wilson returned home and became an educator. He served as Prin-cipal of Nicholas County Elementary School. He has spoken to numerous school classes about his war experiences. Mr. Wilson was invited by the French Gov-ernment to Normandy in 2014 for the 70th An-niversary of D-Day. He returned in 2015 for his third trip to France, where he was awarded the Legion of Honor. Mr. Wilson spoke at the event and his words are recorded in the French archives. The bravery of Mr. Wilson and his fellow men and women of the United States Army is heroic. Because of the courage of individuals from Nicholas County and from all across our great nation, our freedoms have been saved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding American, a patriot, and a hero to us all, f 
RUSSIAN ENERGY SECURITY THREATS 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the growing national security risk to our overseas military facilities posed by the Russian Federation. For the last three years, we have watched with alarm as Putin’s Russia has adopted an aggressive and adversarial posture towards the U.S. and our allies. Putin armed the so- called separatists in eastern Ukraine. He ag-gressively annexed Crimea. He is intervening in the Syrian Civil War on the side of a brutal dictator. He blatantly threatens allied nations in Europe and close to home we know he used cyber weapons to destabilize our demo-cratic process. Moscow’s hostility to our inter-ests grows stronger and more apparent by the day. The military dimension of Russia’s strategy is obvious and you can see it covered in the nightly news. What is less obvious however is the non-military aspect of Russia’s national strategy. Today one of the most serious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.017 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1087 July 28, 2017 
threats to our European allies—and our mili-tary installation in Europe—is Russia’s corner on natural gas and oil. Putin constantly threat-ens to use these resources as means to exer-cise political and economic control on those who heavily rely on Russian fuels as their pri-mary source of energy. It is for these reasons that I was proud to join my friend and colleague from South Caro-lina, Representative J
OEWILSON , in shining a light on this threat in the House Armed Serv-ices Committee report to accompany the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. Just as we focus on the risk to our forward- based troops, aircraft and ships, we must not overlook the risk to the installations from which they operate. The energy we rely on to power these facilities supports our troops, their families, and their vital mission. As a matter of strategy, our military installa-tions overseas require secure and reliable sources of energy. Today in Europe—particu-larly in Germany—our military facilities receive furnished heat and other utilities from commer-cial or private power stations. In many cases, these energy facilities are fueled by German natural gas distribution systems which are heavily supplied with natural gas from the Russian Federation. Our growing exposure to Russia’s ability to disrupt our energy supply lines is clearly seen in our network of military installations in Ger-many. I wish to call attention to one such facil-ity: the U.S. Army’s future medical complex at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, nearby Ramstein Air Base where I was the installation com-mander. At an authorized cost of nearly $1 bil-lion, this vital new facility will replace the Landstuhl Army Regional Medical Center and serve the combat needs and family require-ments of military personnel on three con-tinents. Mr. Speaker, I am gravely concerned that our current energy supply strategy will actually increase our exposure to harmful Russian in-fluence over time. Under no circumstances should we construct and operate critical mili-tary installations overseas where the only source of energy comes from Russia. We must take immediate and deliberate steps to adopt a strategy of energy resilience through mixed-fuel diversification such that not one single source—such as Russian Federation gas—should serve as a primary supply of en-ergy. It would be financially irresponsible and stra-tegically reckless to appropriate nearly $1 bil-lion for a state-of-the art military medical cen-ter to serve our troops and families overseas, only to have the design of the new facility compromise the very reason it exists by rely-ing on the Russian Federation to supply nat-ural gas as the primary fuel source. There are local mixed-fuel energy supply options readily available and it would be inexcusable not to make them part of the design of this project. This is good strategy, good economics and just plain common sense. We simply cannot allow ourselves to be put in a situation where Russia has the ability to cut off energy to our forward bases, especially when we could have averted this tragic vulner-ability ahead of time. The seriousness of the Russian energy threat to our overseas military installations is addressed in the 2018 House Armed Services NDAA report which directs the Secretary of Defense to make a comprehensive evaluation of these risks and report his findings and rec-ommendations. I am pleased to see my col-leagues in the House Appropriations Com-mittee also took up this issue with similar lan-guage in the Military Construction Appropria-tions and Defense Appropriations bills that passed the House. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House and Senate—and especially all Mem-bers of the Armed Services and Appropria-tions Committees—to join me in exercising ag-gressive oversight of this real and serious threat to our national security. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I inadvert-ently voted YES on Roll Call Vote 433 and would like to have it reflected that I meant to vote no. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE HOUSING ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today I am intro-ducing alongside Rep. D
ENNIS ROSS of Flor- ida, the Housing Accountability Act of 2017 to hold property owners of low-income housing accountable for poor living conditions. This legislation would require the U.S. De-partment of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to survey tenants living in subsidized housing twice a year about property conditions and management performance and create new penalties for property owners who repeat-edly fail the tenant surveys. The Housing Accountability Act comes in the wake of recent local and federal investiga-tions that found deplorable living conditions at several federally subsidized-housing properties owned by Global Ministries Foundation (GMF) in Memphis, Tennessee and Jacksonville, Florida. For too long, property managers like Global Ministries have taken advantage of HUD’s lack of effective oversight and over dependence on often unreliable third-party property inspec-tions, and as a result continue to force our na-tion’s most vulnerable to live in squalor with impunity. This bill seeks to put an end to these mal-practices, hold federally-subsidized property managers to account, and provide HUD the necessary authority and directive to ensure that public housing units are suitable homes for all families, children, and hardworking Americans. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan, bicameral leg-islation and do right by the American public. RECOGNITION OF MINNESOTA STATE CAPITOL GRAND REOPEN-ING HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the grand reopening of the Minnesota State Capitol after nearly four years of renovation. Designed by renowned architect Cass Gil-bert and inspired by the 1893 Chicago World’s Fair’s White City, an Italian Renaissance city- sized exhibit, the Minnesota State Capitol was celebrated as one of America’s finest state houses when it opened in 1905. Now, after nearly 30 years of planning and study, this great building has been reborn through renovation, restoration, and enhance-ments, including technological improvements. The renovation extends the usable lifespan of the State Capitol by at least another century. The amount of public space has doubled to nearly 40,000 square feet, brand new public meeting rooms line the halls, the public will have more access and seating in hearing rooms, and a new information center for stu-dents and educators will enrich school visits. In addition, the renovation has made the State Capitol more accessible to all Minnesotans, especially those with disabilities. When the State Capitol open its doors to Minnesotans this summer, the citizens of my home state will be able tour expanded public spaces, marvel at restored art and craftsman-ship, and more effectively participate in our legislative process. Thank you to all the workers for the hours of planning, design, building, and polishing our State Capitol back to its original grandeur. Congratulations to everyone involved. 
f 
JOHN MILLER RETIRES FROM THE UNITED STATES FOREST SERVICE 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding career of John Miller, who will retire from his position as the U.S. Forest Service Public Affairs Officer for the San Bernardino National Forest on July 31, 2017. My office has had the pleasure of working with John over the past four and a half years. On numerous occasions, John demonstrated a willingness to go above and beyond to serve my constituents and forest visitors. He has re-peatedly shown his dedication to the Forest Service’s mission and has been instrumental in balancing multiple and sometimes com-peting uses of the most heavily urbanized for-est in the nation. In addition to his work as a public affairs of-ficer, John was the Public Information Officer for a Federal Interagency Management Team and served on the U.S. Forest Service Honor Guard. John is a true professional in every sense of the word, and I wish him the best of luck as he embarks on a new chapter in his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.022 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1088 July 28, 2017 
IN CELEBRATION OF JAMES W. PARISH AS 2017 AVIATION PRO-FESSIONAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accom-plishments of James W. Parish, executive di-rector of the Punta Gorda Airport, who was re-cently recognized as the 2017 Aviation Profes-sional of the Year by the Florida Department of Transportation. Every year, the Florida Department of Transportation honors one executive member of the aviation community with the title of Avia-tion Professional of the Year. The recipient is selected based on the management and logistical organization of their airport, as well as the safety and technological advancements that take place under their watch. Mr. Parish earned this award because of the impressive progress that the Punta Gorda Air-port has made under his leadership and his overall contributions to the Charlotte County community. During his tenure in Punta Gorda, Mr. Parish elevated the airport from one that only served the general aviation community to one that now offers commercial services and has brought over $200 million dollars into the local economy while serving over 1 million customers. Under his guidance, the airport has modernized and streamlined its safety protocols while still maintaining a low-cost business model. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Mr. Parish and thank him for all that he has done for the Punta Gorda community. He is truly deserving of the Aviation Professional of the Year award, and I am honored to represent him in Congress. 
f 
KATY GYMNAST WINS GOLD AT JUNIOR OLYMPICS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rowan Dumond of Katy, TX, for winning a gold medal for his floor routine at the U.S. Men’s Junior Olympic National Cham-pionship. I was both Rowan’s first gold at the Junior Olympics and his first time competing there. The 12-year-old competed against 800 of the top junior gymnasts in the country. When not training at the gym, Rowan is also a student at Seven Lakes High School and plays per-cussion with the band. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Rowan for winning gold at the Junior Olym-pics. We are very proud of him and look for-ward to his future success as a gymnast. We’re excited to have him represent TX–22. CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF F. GAVIN˜A & SONS, INC. HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize F. Gavin˜a & Sons, Inc., a coffee company located in my 40th Congres-sional District of California, in the city of Vernon. The company, one of America’s larg-est family-owned coffee companies and the nation’s largest privately held minority roaster, celebrates their 50th anniversary in 2017. The history of this coffee company is a story about family. Brothers Jose´Marı´a and Ramo´n Gavin˜a left their native Basque region of Spain in 1870, in search of a better life. They settled in the fertile mountains of southern Cuba and planted the seeds of what would become Gavin˜a Coffee. Don Francisco Gavin˜a was born on the fam-ily coffee estate, Hacienda Buenos Aires. As a boy, he worked in the fields with his own fa-ther, watching and learning the secrets of growing quality coffee. He spent hours upon hours helping sow the seeds and urging the little plants to grow. The family left Cuba in 1959, and arrived in Los Angeles in 1963, where they put down roots. The family later leased a 1,100 square foot building in Vernon and purchased a small roaster from Bob’s Big Boy restaurant. By June 1967, when they founded F. Gavin ˜a & Sons, Inc., they were roasting, packing and selling Cafe´Gavin˜a Espresso. In the beginning, they focused on producing Cuban-style coffee, but eventually expanded into other coffees that appealed to Middle Eastern and Vietnamese coffee drinkers. About 35 years later, Gavin˜a’s retail brand, Don Francisco’s Coffee, had become the top selling coffee in Southern California, behind Folgers and Maxwell House. The family began selling their coffee to a small group of McDonald’s restaurants in 1983. In 2005, Gavin˜a created a stronger blend that resulted in a double-digit increase in the chain’s coffee sales. According to the Los Angeles Times, by 2010, F. Gavin˜a & Sons, Inc. had become a $114 million business and was roasting 40 million pounds of coffee a year. A fifth of their revenue was coming from making and pack-aging private label coffees for McDonald’s, 7- Eleven, and Costco stores. Gavin˜a coffee brands were being sold in 20 states, and in stores like Ralph’s, Walmart, and Vons / Safeway. Don Francisco’s sons, Paco, Pedro, and Jose´, and his daughter, Leonor Gavin˜a-Valls, grew up on the plantation and learned about coffee in the fields. Along with their own chil-dren, they still personally select beans, cup samples as they arrive, and oversee the spe-cialty coffee roasting and production every day. They do all of this so that their customers and guests can be ensured a wonderful cup of coffee every time, from first sip to final drop. Today, they carry on the dream in their 240,000-square-foot eco-friendly, state-of-the- art coffee roasting facility, just a few blocks from their original 1,100 square foot building. Gavin˜a Coffee employs more than 250 people, and services businesses of all sizes—from mom and pop shops to multinational accounts. The company offers four leading U.S. coffee brands: Gavin˜a Gourmet Coffee, Don Fran-cisco’s Coffee, Cafe´La Llave Espresso, and Jose´’s Gourmet Coffee. In honor of their 50th anniversary, Gavin ˜a Coffee created a special Anniversary Blend which is roasted in Los Angeles and uses beans grown on the award-winning Carmen Estate in Panama´by a third generation coffee- growing family. The Anniversary Blend, which entered the market on June 19, 2017, comes in a commemorative tin with a 10-ounce bag of ground coffee. Flavor notes in the new blend include caramel, honey, and ripe fruit with a chocolaty finish. Fifty years have brought many changes to the original company, but one thing remains the same: Members of the Gavin˜a family still run the day-to-day operations of the company, with a new generation of Gavin˜as poised to continue the pursuit of a great cup of coffee. Gavin˜a Coffee’s 50th anniversary celebra-tion includes: the opening of their first brick and mortar store in downtown Los Angeles, named Don Francisco’s Coffee, Casa Cubana; the special anniversary blend; reaching the goal of 100% zero-waste-to-landfill; a contin-ued commitment to leaving a greener coffee footprint through their Direct ImpactTM Initia-tive, which is based on four core pillars of dedication to farmers, sustainable sourcing, environmental sustainability, and social stew-ardship; continuing to donate coffee to local shelters and missions; and continuing to sup-port organizations such as the Komen Race for the Cure, Avon Walk 39, Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals (CMNH), EnrichLA and the International Women’s Coffee Alliance. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in raising our coffee cups to the Gavin˜a family and F. Gavin˜a & Sons, Inc. as we celebrate their 50 years of success. We look forward to the next 50 with great anticipa-tion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERRY AND NEAL HANLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sherry and Neal Hanley for being named the 2017 Earlham Freedom Fest King and Queen. This award is given to a couple that gives back to the community of Earlham. Sherry and Neal moved to Earlham in 1976 to raise their children and had them attend Earlham schools. Since then, the Hanley’s have served on a number of school projects to help bolster the community. They were on the original Freedom Fest committee and love the parade and how everyone comes together at the park. Both Sherry and Neal serve with the Earlham Lion’s Club and with Early Chapel Christian Church. Neal is also a member of the American Legion and served as com-mander and chaplain. Mr. Speaker, Sherry and Neal’s hard work embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them and Iowans like them in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Sherry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.027 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1089 July 28, 2017 
and Neal for receiving this award and in wish-ing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SALEM COURTHOUSE COMMUNITY CENTER 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Salem Courthouse Community Center for its outstanding service to New York’s 21st District. Founded by a group of dedicated local citi-zens, the Salem Courthouse Community Cen-ter provides a place for people of all ages to come together. Cognizant of its historic loca-tion in the Old Washington County Court-house, the Center seeks to preserve our re-gion’s history while creating opportunities for individuals to enjoy and strengthen our com-munity in the present. In service of this mission, the Center offers a wide variety of programs that foster artistic expression and community growth. The Cen-ter’s many facilities, including a community garden, pottery studio, and public kitchen, host instructive and enriching programs for both children and adults. This summer, the Center has hosted nearly 150 local children in their Lunch, Learn & Play program which provides active and educational fun for its participants. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to thank the Salem Courthouse Community Center for its dedication to bringing our com-munity together. We commend its incredible service, and look forward to its future endeav-ors. 
f 
HONORING NICHOLAS HROMALIK 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated member of my staff, Nicholas (Nick) Hromalik, who is leaving this week after serving in many capacities over the past six years. Nick graduated from the University of Cali-fornia, San Diego, in 2009, but he began on the path of public service even earlier, working as an intern for Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN and then-Mayor of San Francisco Gavin Newsom while still in college. After graduation, he trav-eled to Washington to intern for my prede-cessor in Congress, Lynn Woolsey, and was soon hired to work for the Green the Capitol Initiative at the CAO. In that role, he helped to make the operations of the Capitol complex more sustainable and led outreach efforts to Member offices. Nick was called home to Cali-fornia upon that program’s defunding, joining my team for the first time. Drawing on his deep Petaluma roots, Nick built relationships across the North Bay, meet-ing with community leaders and learning about local issues. Starting as a volunteer, he ulti-mately became the field director of my newly- announced campaign for Congress. On a break from the campaign, Nick also spent some time in my Assembly district office in San Rafael that year, where he helped con-stituents with casework, and served as a liai-son to organized labor and Sonoma County elected officials. After my election to Congress in November 2012, Nick returned again to Washington, this time as one of my first hires in this office. Since my swearing-in in 2013, Nick has served California’s second Congressional dis-trict with distinction, staffing me on issues as diverse as health care, agriculture, trade, en-ergy, and education. In the six years I have had the pleasure of working with him, Nick has never lost sight of our mission—to solve problems and make a positive difference—and he has maintained deep connections to California that have served him well in his career. He has cham-pioned causes that needed a champion, from special education to clean energy, and he has maintained his good humor and dedication throughout. My family, my staff, and I all wish him and his fiance´e Colleen Kilbride all the best as they travel to Chicago for the next step in their careers. f 
RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF THE NEW STONEGATE CHRIS-TIAN ACADEMY CAMPUS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate StoneGate Christian Academy on the opening of their new school campus, located in Irving, Texas. Founded in 1976 as a ministry of the Shady Grove Church in Grand Prairie, Texas, StoneGate Christian Academy was built to fos-ter the educational and spiritual needs of the prospering communities that made up its con-gregation. In 2008, the Academy’s board of directors faced the tremendous hardship of having to relocate their campus to two separate build-ings, neither of which possessed the facilities to adequately host StoneGate Christian Acad-emy’s growing student body. By the grace of God, StoneGate Christian Academy continued to grow for the next nine years. During this time, StoneGate leased practice venues for its sports teams, band, choir, and drama pro-grams, in order to ensure its students access to their sports and award-winning fine arts pro-grams. In 2014, word began to spread that the Lakewood Baptist Church in Irving, Texas, was considering selling its property. After two years of discussion and prayer, Lakewood Baptist Church’s board of directors reached a decision to sell the property to StoneGate Christian Academy in December of 2016. For the next seven months, StoneGate worked tirelessly to raise enough finds to complete the purchase of its new academy campus, which includes a schoolyard, auditorium, and gym. Through the tireless efforts of alumni, stu-dents, parents, teachers, and staff, StoneGate Christian Academy now has adequate facilities to support its growing student body and sus-tain this growth well into the future. Today, StoneGate serves as one of the most affordable private Christian schools in North Texas, providing an outstanding edu-cation to its students and teaching valuable lessons about community service and civic duty. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize StoneGate Christian Academy and congratu-late them on the opening of their new campus in Irving, Texas. I ask all my distinguished col-leagues to join me in congratulating StoneGate Christian Academy for this monu-mental achievement. f 
HONORING NEW MILFORD VILLAGE FAIR DAYS 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the annual New Milford Village Fair Days, sponsored and organized by the New Milford Chamber of Commerce. Village Fair Days is the highlight of the summer in New Milford, and the festival brings thousands of people to-gether for two days of shopping, eating, and playing on the town’s village green. Since its inception in 1967, New Milford Vil-lage Fair Days has grown to be the largest an-nual event in New Milford. Bob Hanna, the Chair of the Fair, planned a special way for the community to commemorate five decades of the festival. This year, fairgoers can make a wish and donate to a local nonprofit of their choice at the Wishing New Milford Well. Village Fair Days brings together our com-munity to enjoy live entertainment and games, as well as to connect with local businesses and nonprofit groups. The Kids Fun Run is a fun part of the fair that helps children join in the fun and get active. The New Milford Farm-ers Market also participates in the fair and helps local farmers meet with thousands of neighbors. I would like to recognize the volun-teers who have made Village Fair Days pos-sible for the past five decades. Volunteers’ love for their town and willingness to dedicate their time to make this event possible show the strength of our community in New Milford. Mr. Speaker, New Milford Village Fair Days has brought together our neighbors each sum-mer for five decades. Thanks to the event’s sponsors, organizers, and volunteers, we can look forward to the annual event for many years to come. Therefore, it is fitting and prop-er that we honor New Milford Village Fair Days here today. 
f 
HONORING FALLEN CLINTON COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPUTY 
HON. GLENN THOMPSON 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart as flags throughout the Commonwealth are low-ered to half-staff in honor of Clinton County Sheriff’s Deputy Sheriff Stephen Herrold who died unexpectedly on Thursday, July 20. Stephen was 30 years old and had served as a sheriff’s deputy for the last year and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.030 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1090 July 28, 2017 
half. He and his wife, Kelly, had just welcomed Brock—their first child 10 days before his death. On Wednesday, more than 100 members of law enforcement from near and far lined the auditorium at Central Mountain High School to say goodbye to Stephen. Clinton County Sheriff Kerry Stover said Stephen was the first deputy he’d hired after being elected sheriff. At Stephen’s service, he said: 
He was outstanding. He took his job seri-ously. . . He served his community. He helped people. He confided in people. He was polite and courteous. He projected law en-forcement in a positive way. . . He trusted his heart and he did it right. 
Mr. Speaker, Stephen’s sendoff was awe-in-spiring, which was a fitting goodbye for a man who served his community with distinction and honor. Stephen will be missed, but his mem-ory will live on forever. 
f 
HAPPY 104TH BIRTHDAY TO ANNIE QUEEN 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Annie Galloway Queen, a northeast Georgian who recently celebrated her 104th birthday. Annie has been a part of our community since her birth in 1913. She learned to value hard work at an early age, and her life illus-trates the strength and diligence that charac-terizes America’s Greatest Generation. Like many in that generation, Annie and her husband struggled through the Great Depres-sion, which taught them to make the most of what little they had. Rather than mourn their lack of physical possessions, Annie educated her children in the spiritual dimension of life, teaching them to rely on their faith during life’s most challenging seasons. Mr. Speaker, it is a blessing to spend birth-days surrounded by loved ones. I am thankful to know that that is how Annie spent hers— sharing with family and friends the wisdom that she has gained over 104 years. I am honored to be Annie’s neighbor and ask that you join me in wishing her happy 104th birthday. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT SAM BALDWIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sam Baldwin of Clarinda, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Sam is a 2017 graduate of Clarinda High School and has earned the 21 merit badges that are required to obtain the honor of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the award. It is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Sam built a shrine placed near the main entrance of the St. Clare Catholic Church in Clarinda, Iowa as his Eagle Project. The work ethic Sam has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes about his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Sam and his family in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout rank and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future education and career. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BICENTENNIAL OF THE TOWN OF DAVENPORT 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the Town of Davenport on the occasion of its bi-centennial. On March 31, 1817, Davenport was established as a new town in Delaware County, New York. It is named for its founder, John Davenport, who first settled there less than a decade earlier and laid down the roots for what would become the vibrant community that exists today. For over 200 years, Davenport has partici-pated in the American story, contributing to our great state and nation. On the weekend of July 29, 2017, the residents of Davenport will hold a well-deserved celebration of its history and accomplishments. In the neighborly and hospitable tradition of Davenport, this bicen-tennial celebration will reflect the values of this beautiful community, bringing families and residents together to commemorate the town they love and share. I formally thank the Town of Davenport and each of its residents of the past two centuries for their contributions to our Catskills commu-nity and our Upstate New York home. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD Dav- enport Town Supervisor Dennis Valente’s statement regarding the Town of Davenport’s bicentennial: 
An Anniversary is a time to look back. 200 years seems so long ago. However, a look back over the Town’s history brings the present Davenport community closer to-gether with our ancestors. It is with a good deal of enjoyment that we explore the past and realize the value of the old saying: the more things change, the more things stay the same. The first meeting for the Town of Dav-enport was in April 1817. The town recog-nized the need for our community to work together between neighbors and the commu-nity at large. The delicate balance of open space and individual property rights was ad-dressed first in regard to free ranged ani-mals. Along these past 200 years the Town has found itself involved in many issues includ-ing the establishment of local cemeteries, and community sacrifice in times of war. Im-migrants from many countries settled here to be our blacksmiths, work our tanneries, and build our railroads. The work of woman suffrage was engaged by ‘bloomer girls’ at Sexsmith Lake in 1911. Rural electrification of the 1930s was a struggle so similar to the rural internet broadband availability strug-gle today. The acknowledgment of a shared sense of values, with neighbors long ago, adds pur-pose to present day community engagement. We are a Town that endeavors to settle con-flicts with reasoned engagement and a com-munity that offers a helping hand when the need calls. f YON GOICOCHEA: POLITICAL PRIS-ONER OF THE VENEZUELAN RE-GIME 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the plight of Yon Goicochea, a 36-year-old political prisoner who is being unjustly detained in a Ven-ezuelan prison. On August 29, 2016, Mr. Goicochea was arrested by the Venezuelan secret police because of his role as a leading advocate for a democratic and transparent Venezuela. Over the past decade, Mr. Goicochea has played a crucial part in leading pro-democracy movements in Venezuela. At one point, he even led the pro-democracy op-position party, ‘‘Voluntad Popular.’’ After working for various opposition move-ments, Mr. Goicochea found himself and his family increasingly under threat by the repres-sive Maduro regime. Mr. Goicochea made the decision to leave Venezuela with his family in 2013 and come to the United States to pursue a degree in Law from Columbia University. Three years later, Mr. Goicochea returned to Venezuela to fight for freedom, democracy and human rights. Mr. Goicochea has remained in prison since his arrest in 2016. As highlighted in a recent report by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Arbitrary De-tentions Group, Mr. Goicochea has been de-nied the right to due process and subject to brutal forms of solitary confinement. Unfortu-nately, Mr. Goicochea is only one of thou-sands to have been unjustly imprisoned by the Maduro regime. The United States must address these egre-gious human rights abuses by fully imple-menting and applying additional sanctions against Maduro regime officials who continue to violate the most basic principles of human rights and liberty and who are responsible for the plight of the Venezuelan people. Maduro and his thugs must not be allowed to continue to oppress the people of Venezuela without paying a significant price. We must demand the release of all the political prisoners who have been denied their fundamental human rights. The Venezuelan people have illustrated an unrelenting resolve to bring about a just and democratic Venezuela. Just during the past three months, over ninety people have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.035 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1091 July 28, 2017 
killed, thousands injured, and hundreds have been subject to politically motivated arrests, as the people of Venezuela have taken to the streets to protest the undemocratic nature of this brutal regime. The United States must stand with Mr. Goicochea, all political pris-oners, and the people of Venezuela in their pursuit of a democratic society. 
f 
27TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 27th Anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a law that protects the rights of people with disabilities. The Act stands on the principle that no matter one’s disability, whether it be visible or invisible, the Constitu-tion and laws of the United States protect us all. Personally, I appreciate and support how this law protects the rights and opportunities for our wounded warriors. I welcome my col-leagues to join me in marking the anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act and its contributions to equal rights in the United States. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DISTINGUISHED YOUNG WOMEN NATIONAL SCHOLARSHIP WINNER AND D.C. RESIDENT SKYE BORK 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating District of Columbia native and resident Skye Bork on being named the 2017 winner of the country’s largest scholar-ship program for girls, the Distinguished Young Women (DYW) program. Skye was awarded $36,500 in scholarships for her col-lege education. DYW is a 60-year-old national scholarship program aimed at encouraging high school girls to develop their full potential through a series of scholastic and creative workshops. DYW allows college-bound high school juniors and seniors the opportunity to participate as long as they maintain at least a 3.0 grade point average. A scholarship is then awarded based upon an interview, academic achieve-ment, talent, self-expression and physical fit-ness. DYW is well-known nationally, and past winners have included television broadcasters Diane Sawyer and Kathie Lee Gifford, and ac-tresses Debra Messing and Kim Bassinger. Skye was selected to win the scholarship from among four finalists from schools in wards throughout the city. She attended the Washington School of Ballet for many years, as well as the Akhmedova Ballet Academy in Maryland. For her talent segment, Skye per-formed a ballet excerpt en pointe, from Bizet’s Carmen. Skye, the daughter of Shigeko and Tim Bork, is a 2017 graduate with honors from the National Cathedral School. She is the first D.C. resident to be awarded the scholarship in the program’s 60-year history, due in large part to the fact that the area chapter of the program remained dormant for 30 years. I would like to thank the D.C. chapter of DYW for reviving the program, and also thank the local businesses who supported the program and donated to the scholarship fund. Skye was proud to announce that she will be at-tending Columbia University this fall, and, in preparation for the career she would like to pursue in international business and govern-ment, she will be studying applied mathe-matics and economics. The District is very proud of Skye. She will be the national rep-resentative of DYW for a year. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in congratulating Skye Bork on her impressive achievements. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERTA ‘‘BOBBIE’’ BISHOP 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of the beloved Roberta Bishop, or to those who knew her, ‘‘Bobbie.’’ Bobbie was a model citizen who dedicated her life to giving back to those in need. Not only did she have a kind spirit and a big heart, she also empowered herself to make a real difference by creating Midwest Service Dogs, a non-profit in South Bend, Indiana, that helps train and place service dogs and companion dogs. The combination of her love of animals and her desire to give back fueled her participation in multiple charities as well as her work at a local animal clinic. Bobbie strived to make our community a better place, and from her loving family to the many friends she made along the way, her strength in character and compas-sion for others were hard to miss. Bobbie lived a meaningful life full of love, happiness, and generosity of spirit. I am grate-ful that her wonderful legacy is sure to live on in the cherished life lessons she taught her children, grandchildren, and great-grand-children. Mr. Speaker, I’m personally thankful for our decades-long friendship and the impact she had on my life. Our country lost a great human being, and I wish her two sons and ex-tended family all the best. 
f 
HONORING ERIKA FEIN ON HER 88TH BIRTHDAY FOR HER EXEM-PLARY RESILIENCE AND STRENGTH 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable life of Erika Fein, a Holocaust survivor who turns 88 years old on August 11, 2017. Her powerful story is an example of re-silience, perseverance, and strength in char-acter. Erika was born in 1929 in Yugoslavia, where she lived in a small village with her family. They were torn apart when Yugoslavia was invaded by Germany, Italy, and Hungary in 1941. Erika, her mother, and aunt were taken by the Nazis, and she never again saw her other family members. Over the next four years, she was kept as a prisoner in three dif-ferent concentration camps. She was first taken to a German labor camp Guben, then shuttled to Auschwitz II-Birkenau in Poland, and finally brought to Bergen-Belsen in Ger-many. During the last years of World War II, when she was just a teenager, Erika was forced to participate in a death march, where she ulti-mately lost her mother and aunt. The Nazi military organized large scale marches to move prisoners to different camps to evade suspicion of mass killings, and to erase any trace of evidence. Nazi soldiers subjected pris-oners to starvation, dehydration, and humilia-tion during inclement weather. Not only did Erika survive these marches as a teenager, but she endured, despite being ripped apart from her family. While at Bergen-Belsen in Germany, Erika and the other prisoners were finally liberated by the British Armed Forces in April 1945. A few years later, Erika moved to the United States seeking a new beginning in pursuit of the American dream. She married her current husband, and they adopted a son. They later moved to Palm Desert, in my Congressional District, where they live today. Today, I am elated to honor her courage and dedication, as we celebrate her 88th birth-day. Her story is a reminder that we must al-ways be steadfast in the fight against intoler-ance, hate, and injustice. The hardships she overcame are unthinkable, but her strength is admirable. She is truly an inspiration. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize the life of Erika Fein. On behalf of California’s 36th Congressional District, it is with deep re-spect that I extend my best wishes on her 88th birthday. I wish her and her family all my best in the years to come. Happy Birthday Erika. f 
HONORING DON SIMPSON FOR RE-CEIVING A SILVER STAR MEDAL FOR HIS COURAGEOUS SERVICE TO OUR NATION 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an outstanding individual from my Congres-sional District Sergeant Don Simpson of Hemet, California. Because of his commitment to protecting our nation and his fellow service members, Don received a Silver Star Medal. His story is truly an inspiration and today, I want to recognize his exceptional achieve-ments and courage. Don graduated from Hemet High School in 1964 and entered the U.S. Army a few years later. During his service, Don was sent to Viet-nam where he served as a rifleman, Radio Telephone Operator (RTO), and squad leader. In February of 1967, Don was a Specialist 4 (SPC) and the RTO for a reconnaissance team that was conducting a sweep of the for-ward battle area. After disembarking the heli-copters, his unit came under intense heavy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.039 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1092 July 28, 2017 
enemy automatic weapons fire. Seeking cover behind a small hedge, SPC Simpson returned fire against the enemy. Over the next hour of intense fighting, SPC Simpson established radio communication with Captain Conlon, Alpha Company Commander, requesting support from helicopter gunships and artillery. Despite continued intense enemy fire, and at great risk to himself, SPC Simpson maneuvered to a position allowing him a bet-ter view of the enemy. With complete dis-regard for his own personal safety, SPC Simp-son established direct contact with the Air Force Pilot on station, directing an air strike on the enemy. When the first two air strikes did not fully eliminate the opposing forces, SPC Simpson directed the strike that was dan-gerously close to himself and his own troops, resulting in elimination of the enemy. During the entire combat event, SPC Simpson main-tained communication with higher command, calling additional air support. The engagement resulted in 4 personnel killed in action and 8 wounded in action. His courageous initiative and exemplary profes-sionalism significantly contributed to the suc-cessful outcome of the engagement and di-rectly led to the saving of his fellow soldiers’ lives. Specialist 4 Simpson’s unquestionable valor while engaged in military operation in-volving conflict with insurgent force is in keep-ing with the finest tradition of the military serv-ice and reflects great credit upon himself, the 1st Cavalry Division, and the United States Army. Five years ago, Don discussed his service and this incident with his doctor when getting a VA C&P Exam. The doctor, Mr. Ronnie Immel, contacted Don’s squad leader Sgt. Carl Lawrence and his 1st Sgt. Ralph Cranitz. Both recommended Don for a Silver Star. My office was pleased to partner with them to ensure Don’s service was properly recognized. To-gether, we worked to find the rest of Don’s chain of command and submit the Silver Star Medal to the Department of the Army. After a few months, Don’s Silver Star Medal was fi-nally received and I was honored to present it to him. Among the many awards he has received for his honorable service are the Army Com-mendation Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the National Defense Medal, the Valorous Unit Award, and the Republic of Vietnam Cam-paign Medal with ‘‘60’’ Device. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and honor Don Simpson. He is indeed a hero whose actions embody the true meaning of valor. I am very proud to have met him. His years of committed service to our nation are an example of excellence and dedication that all should seek to emulate. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JARROD DAUGHERTY AND HIS MEMORY AS A DEDICATED STUDENT AND LOVING SON 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Jarrod Daugherty, a young constituent who unexpectedly passed away in an accident on May 8, 2017. His charisma, energy, and talent will be enormously missed. I had the pleasure of meeting Jarrod when he visited my office in Washington, D.C. earlier this year as part of St. Theresa Catholic School’s tour. I will never forget our conversation. Jarrod was a bright and talented student from my Congressional District. He was born on June 29, 2003, in Indio, CA and spent his childhood in Palm Springs and Cathedral City. He attended Cielo Vista Charter High School and St. Theresa School where he was be-loved by his peers and teachers. Outside of school, Jarrod was involved in our local community. He was an active mem-ber of the Victory Christian Center and the Palm Springs Youth League Baseball Organi-zation. He was passionate about sports, and his favorite teams were the LA Dodgers, Min-nesota Vikings, Dallas Stars, and Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Jarred enjoyed spending time with his family and his dogs. With a smile and a great sense of humor, he brought joy to those who knew him. He was a blessing to his parents, Jarrod and Cassandra, who often referred to him as Jr., Bub, Bubba, or Bubbas. Another one of his nicknames was Country, given his love for country music. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the mem-ory of Jarrod Daugherty. I am grateful for the opportunity to have met such a charming young man and on behalf of California’s 36th Congressional District, I extend my deepest sympathies to his family and loved ones. f 
HONORING TEXAS AGGIE WOMEN 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Texas A&M University Women Former Students Network, known as ‘‘Aggie Women.’’ In the summer of 2007, a group of Aggie women started talking regularly and sharing ideas about ways to give back to Texas A&M University and contribute to its reputation as a world-class university. The original idea to form the Women Former Students’ Network as a constituent network of the Texas A&M Asso-ciation of Former Students came to fruition on December 21, 2007. At that time an interim board of directors was formed and the group branded themselves as Aggie Women. Fueled by the excitement of its formation, Aggie Women grew rapidly in its first year. During its inaugural year of operations in 2008, in addition to recruiting nearly 200 char-ter members, Aggie Women established its first President’s Endowed Scholarship through its ‘‘45 Women Campaign’’, which honored the 45 years of women’s admittance to A&M. The year culminated in an inaugural meeting held November 14, 2008 on the campus of the Uni-versity. Over 200 members and guests at-tended this historic day. Special guests in-cluded Former First Lady Barbara Bush, an honorary member of Aggie Women; members of the first graduating class of Aggie women; and many officials of Texas A&M University and The Association of Former Students. The first member-elected Board of Directors was seated in January 2009. The mission of Aggie Women is to enhance excellence at Texas A&M University by pro-moting the active engagement of women in the educational, charitable, and cultural life of the institution. The mission is fulfilled through increased engagement of Women Former Stu-dents in academic, research and service ac-tivities; through their expanded role as men-tors of current women students, and future generations of women students; and through their increased philanthropic ties to the Univer-sity and The Association of Former Students. The Network strives to value and promote in-clusiveness and diversity in the representation of its membership and in all its activities. Aggie Women have raised over $200,000 for President’s Endowed Scholarships, three of which have been awarded, providing women students with needed academic fund-ing. Another Aggie Women initiative is the Emi-nent Scholar Award which is a joint project of Aggie Women and the President of Texas A&M University. It is designed to recognize outstanding research, scholarship, and serv-ice; and it honors the role these extraordinary women play in serving as models for all women students at the University. There have been three recipients of the Eminent Scholar Award and they received significant recogni-tion on campus as well as a monetary stipend. Over 400 students have been reached through Aggie Women’s mentoring program. The program, known as ‘‘JumpStart,’’ is a unique and engaging initiative in which Aggie Women partner with student organizations to provide tailored programs that are flexible in topics and length. The ‘‘Aggie Women Legacy Awards’’ pro-gram has honored thirty women to date who have achieved excellence as an Aggie student or Former Student, and whose accomplish-ments have had an impact on future genera-tions of Aggie Women worldwide. Aggie Women who have received this award often go on to achieve Outstanding Alumni recogni-tion from the Association of Former Students and the University. Over fifty Aggie Women have signed up for another sponsored program entitled ‘‘Aggie Experts.’’ This endeavor engages Aggie Women in roles throughout the University by providing leadership and speaking opportuni-ties for dynamic women to give back the Uni-versity through their vast experience. At an annual reception, Aggie Women honor those women achieving top student leadership positions, including the Texas A&M Corps of Cadets and Student Government. Throughout each academic year, they also provide month-ly programs for students on a variety of top-ics—chosen by the students themselves. Mr. Speaker, Aggie Women are working tirelessly to continue the Aggie core values of Excellence, Integrity, Leadership, Loyalty, Re-spect, and Selfless Service. As an all-volun-teer organization, Aggie Women continues to rely on the contributions of time, talent, and treasure of its board, its members and sup-porters. Together, they are building a legacy of strong women role models for all students— female and male—who come after them. My wife, Gina, and I, as well as all of the Aggie Network, are proud to honor Aggie Women today. We thank them for their hard work and commitment to making Texas A&M University a better place for current, former, and future Texas Aggie students. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over our nation’s Capitol today to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.044 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1093 July 28, 2017 
honor the Texas A&M University Women Former Students Network. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our mili-tary men and women who protect us from ex-ternal threats, and for our first responders who protect us in our communities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF ALBERTO PATRICIO CARDENAS 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Alberto Patricio Cardenas of Laredo, Texas, who proudly served the people of Laredo in public and higher education for nearly forty-four years. Alberto Patricio Cardenas was born on March 17th, 1937 in Laredo, Texas. After graduating from high school at the age of 16, Alberto began his studies at The Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas where he would successfully graduate in four years with a degree in history and as a member of the Corps of Cadets. After college, Alberto began a 13-year ca-reer with the Laredo Independent School Dis-trict, where he taught students at Urbahn Ele-mentary, Lamar Middle School, Nixon High School, and Martin High School. He earned his Master of Education degree from Texas A&M University and thereafter was recruited to be a faculty member of Laredo Junior College where he would meet the love of his life, Maria de la Luz. Mr. Cardenas spent the next 31 years serv-ing as a counselor and eventually Director of the Counseling and Assessment Center at La-redo Community College. He influenced thou-sands of students by helping them navigate their degree plans, personal challenges, and by teaching multiple courses. He also raised money for scholarships, organized school floats for parades, and counseled student or-ganizations. Mr. Cardenas lived a long and service filled life. Not only was he an accomplished educa-tor, but a dedicated community leader. He served in the United States Air Force Reserve, on the Board of Directors and as President of the Laredo Boys & Girls Club, as President of the Laredo Chapter of the International Good Neighbor Council, and on the Laredo-Webb County Child Welfare Board. He also was a member of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulcher of Jerusalem for 15 years, achiev-ing the rank of Knight Commander with Star. Above all, Alberto was a committed hus-band and father to Maria de la Luz (Lucy) Rodriguez and their three children Cristina Doda, Alberto Jr., and Maradelle Lilliam. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize and honor Alberto Patricio Cardenas for his many years of serv-ice to the city of Laredo. CELEBRATING DR. DALE HEASTON’S DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Dale Heaston of Richland, Washington for being awarded the American Optometric Association’s 2017 Distinguished Service Award. This award signifies above-and-beyond service in the field of optometry, which Dr. Heaston exemplifies. Since graduating from the Illinois College of Optometry, Dr. Heaston has been providing quality care to patients in Central Washington and ensuring that the needs of underserved communities are met. He has advocated on behalf of optometrists at both the state and national levels, working with local and state organizations to educate communities about vision and eye health and to create public awareness of the profession. He has worked with lawmakers across Wash-ington State to promote legislation that sup-ports optometry and currently serves as a Federal Legislative Keyperson for the Amer-ican Optometric Association. Dr. Heaston’s dedication and contributions to his profession are admirable and right to be recognized. Please join me in celebrating his accomplishments and congratulating him on this award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERTA CARPENTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Roberta Carpenter from Adair County Health System in Green-field, Iowa. Roberta was awarded the 2017 DAISY Award at a ceremony earlier this spring. Roberta is always willing to step up and take on additional responsibilities with the management of EMS as well as her duties in the Emergency Department. She has been in-strumental in implementing programming to in-crease patient satisfaction and takes every op-portunity to serve her patients well with empa-thy and great care. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Roberta for receiving this award and for pro-viding excellent patient care in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District. I am proud to represent her and all the members of the Adair County Health System in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Roberta and in wishing her nothing but continued success. IN MEMORY OF FIRST SERGEANT MARGARET BARKER HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of First Sergeant Margaret Barker, an honored veteran who passed away just last week. Sergeant Barker was a highly-respected service woman and a loved community mem-ber, and she would have been 100 years old this August. Raised in Boston, Massachusetts, Sergeant Barker was the third eldest in a family of nine children. When World War II broke out, Ser-geant Barker felt called to serve this nation she loved and enlisted in the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps in 1942. She was sent out to Angel Island just off the coast of San Francisco and moved on to Fort McDowell, where she served until the War ended as a First Sergeant in charge of one of the first all-female, all-black companies in the Army. In 2015, Mrs. Barker traveled to Wash-ington, D.C. with 19 other World War II vet-erans to view the national war memorial and be honored, and she was the only woman in the group. Sergeant Barker was a trailblazer and a maverick, serving with grace and distinction in a time when forces were still segregated and gendered. Her devotion to duty and her Com-pany earned her the nickname ‘‘Top’’ in the Military, a name usually given to Sergeants for their commitment to especially caring leader-ship. This is just one instance of her selfless-ness, and how highly she valued those around her. Sergeant Barker was known for her warmth and resilience, which is reflected in the close relationships she shared with her family. After serving in the Military, Mrs. Barker re-turned to her home in Boston, where she then married longtime friend, Vernon Barker, who was a fellow service member. Together, they decided to move to California, where they started their family and made their home in our community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and remembering Sergeant Margaret Barker, whose strength and steadfastness identifies her as a role model to us all. Her generous and always kind spirit will live on in the hearts and lives of everyone she touched, and I ex-tend my deepest condolences to her children, Gail and Beverly, and the rest of her family. May God bless her soul and her family. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF DR. FRANK S. MOORE 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, today, July 28, 2017, a Celebration of Life was conducted for Dr. Frank S. Moore at New Covenant Presbyterian Church with services by Pastor Drew Kornreich. A resident of Aiken, South Carolina, for 25 years, Dr. Moore was a dedicated family man, beloved member of the community, and respected nuclear physi-cist. He will be greatly missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.046 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1094 July 28, 2017 
The following thoughtful obituary was appro-priately published in the Aiken Standard on June 20, 2017: 
Frank S. Moore Jr., Ph.D., passed away Monday, July 24, 2017 at his residence at the age of 81. Dr. Moore was born July 25, 1935 in Norfolk, VA to the late Frank S. Moore Sr. and the late Margaret Moore. He received his undergraduate degree from Hampden-Sydney College, his Master’s degree from the Univer-sity of Michigan at Ann Arbor, and his Doc-torate from the University of Georgia. He has been a resident of Aiken for the past twenty-five years. Dr. Moore retired as a Nu-clear Physicist at the age of 70 from Wes-tinghouse at the Savannah River Site. He was an avid marksman and runner all his life. In addition to his parents, Dr. Moore was preceded in death by his sister, Mary Mac Moore. He is survived by his beloved wife, Kathleen Moore; two daughters, Elizabeth Corneluis (David) and Martha Ruthven (KT.); two sons, Christopher Moore and Matthew Musolf (Michelle); and four grandchildren, Allison Corneluis; Michael Corneluis, Dylan Crowell, and Jacob Crowell. Funeral services will be held at 3:00 PM Friday, July 28, 2017 at New Covenant Pres-byterian Church with Pastor Drew Kornreich officiating. Interment will follow in Southlawn Cemetery. Pallbearers will be Elmer Wilhite, Don Drinkwater, John Cook, Ken Odell, Jim Harris, and Claude O’Donovan. The family will receive friends beginning one hour prior to the services at the church. In lieu of flowers, memorial con-tributions may be directed to the Can Hope Foundation, PO Box 3694, Aiken, SC 29802. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF DR. MARY R. STAUFFER 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Mary R. Stauffer on her upcoming 100th birthday, which will be cele-brated on August 27, 2017, in Downey, Cali-fornia. Born in Toledo, Ohio on August 26, 1917, to Amelia and Reverend Henry Schuh, Mary Ruth Schuh was raised in a home of three generations of Lutheran ministers. At age six, she started teaching Sunday school. Her early teaching experience and involvement with the church introduced her to a lifelong interest in education and philanthropy. Mary loved reading and studying, and in 1935, she was the class valedictorian of Bex-ley High School, near Columbus, Ohio. With a scholarship, she attended Capital University, a Lutheran College. By working as an unpaid assistant for a pathologist at White Cross Hos-pital, she gained invaluable experience and a glowing recommendation for medical school. She graduated summa cum laude from Capital University in 1939. Mary was admitted to Ohio State University Medical School, where she was one of just five women in a class of 75. She graduated top of her class on April 15, 1943. Concurrent with her MD, she earned her MS in Pathology by applying the first electron microscope in the U.S. to biological research. On December 18, 1943, she married a co- resident in pathology, Dr. Floyd (Dal) Stauffer, a scholar and an athlete. Dal was commis-sioned into the Navy on their wedding day and reported to duty in Bremerton, Washington, on January 1, 1944. In Bremerton, Dr. Mary com-pleted her residency, but just when she opened her own practice, Dal was transferred to Pensacola, Florida. In 1953 after Dal com-pleted his service in the Navy, the family moved, and settled in Downey, California. After briefly working as a physician for the Los Angeles Unified School District, Dr. Mary Stauffer opened her own OB–GYN practice and in 1954 joined the Downey Community Hospital Medical Staff. As her practice grew, she always kept Tuesday and Thursday after-noons open for her five children’s activities. Dr. Mary Stauffer was one of the first obste-tricians to offer expecting mothers an edu-cational program. Based on Grantly Dick-Read natural childbirth (before Lamaze), she devel-oped a series of three lectures. The third was held with spouses at her home and included an 8-mm film of her delivering twins. In 1976, after delivering babies for 23 years in Downey, she transitioned into general practice. In 1972, Dr. Mary was chosen Chief of Staff at Downey Community Hospital. In 1987, with a donation of $100,000, she was the first phy-sician to qualify as a member of the Founders Gallery of the hospital. She hoped to be the first of many. Dr. Mary’s other honors include the 1983 Ohio State Medical School Alumni Achieve-ment Award, the 1997 Distinguished Service Award from Capital University, and the 2007 Delta Kappa Gamma Chi State Distinguished Public Service Award. She was also named California State ‘‘Woman of the Year’’ in 1998 by California State Senator Betty Karnette and in 2010 by State Senator Hector De La Torre, and was a 2012 Downey High School Hall of Fame Honoree. In 2007, Dr. Mary was one of the founding directors of the Columbia Memo-rial Space Center. Later she rescued an Apol- lo capsule from unclaimed freight to become the center’s welcoming icon. In 2014, the Downey Unified School District renamed West Middle School the Mary R. Stauffer Middle School. In 1993, her passions for education and phi-lanthropy came together in the Mary R. Stauffer Foundation, a private educational foundation she established to give back to Downey, the community where she had had a successful medical practice. On June 30, 1997, at nearly 80 years old, Dr. Mary retired from her medical practice and became the full- time CEO of her educational foundation. Since starting the foundation almost 25 years ago, she has donated well over $5 million for inno-vative educational projects in the Downey Uni-fied School District and scholarships for Dow-ney students. Among the projects that the foundation helped with initial startup funds are Academic Olympics for middle schools; Project Lead the Way; Robotics Clubs; and Character Counts, a city-wide program. The foundation invites teachers annually to propose grants for creative projects, such as a Cooking Cart with lessons in math and science. Other projects have become tradi-tions and encourage use of local resources, such as the Autry Museum and the Mission Control Program at the local Space Center. In the 2016–17 school year, over 800 stu-dents received these now-traditional merit awards: Junior 4.0 GPA; Scholar-Athlete for students who have lettered in a sport with a 3.5 GPA (created by Dal, Mary’s late hus-band); and the Stauffer Scholar award to start a college savings plan for 4.0 GPA 6th and 7th graders. In the same year, 90 students re-ceived scholarships to attend community col-lege or trade school. Dr. Mary’s favorite saying is ‘‘be the best you can be.’’ Her decision that the Mary R Stauffer Foundation will continue in perpetuity will carry on her legacy of helping to make Downey students the best they can be. On Sunday, August 27th, the community will celebrate Dr. Mary’s birthday at the Columbia Memorial Space Center. A full program will commemorate this momentous occasion with local school projects throughout the facility, special guests, and, of course, a birthday cake. Light refreshments will also be provided by the culinary arts students of the local Dow-ney schools. Congratulations to Dr. Mary Stauffer and her family: sons Jim and John; daughters Dorothy Knight, Judi Saunders, and Janet Suzuki; granddaughters Dawn Martens, Diane Saun-ders, Katherine Rieth, Mary Owens, Jessica Stauffer, and Jordan Nichols; and great grandsons Phoenix Rieth and Quillan Owens. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in thanking Dr. Mary R. Stauffer for her many years of enriching the lives of others so they can be the best they can be, and wish her a very Happy 100th Birthday. f 
FARISHTA RECEIVES PRESTIGIOUS FULBRIGHT AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Karim Farishta of Sugar Land, TX, for receiving a Fulbright award to do re-search in Sri Lanka. A graduate of George Washington Univer-sity and a Truman Scholarship recipient, Karim is focused on the core of youth engage-ment, urbanization and reconciliation. Prior to leaving for Sri Lanka, Karim worked for the White House and was one of the youngest po-litical appointees in the Obama Administration. Each year the Fulbright Program grants stu-dents the opportunity to study, research or teach English abroad in an effort to inter-nationalize communities and campuses around the world. Fulbright scholars focus on the conditions and challenges differing regions face, as well as building valuable U.S. rela-tionships. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Karim for receiving this Fulbright award. Keep up the great work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY COLLINS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Col-lins of Shenandoah, Iowa on the occasion of her 103rd birthday. Mary was born on July 30, 1914. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.051 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1095 July 28, 2017 
Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Mary’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Mary has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- six Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the pop-ulation of the United States has more than tri-pled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mary in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 103rd birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mary on reaching this in-credible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING DR. WANDA WILSON, CRNA, MSN, P
HD, CEO OF THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF NURSE ANESTHETISTS 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Dr. Wanda Wilson, CRNA, MSN, PhD, of Cincinnati, Ohio. Dr. Wilson will soon complete her tenure as the CEO of the Amer-ican Association of Nurse Anesthetists (AANA) whose headquarters are located in my district. I am proud that Dr. Wilson has led the AANA as their CEO and Executive Director since 2009, a job she began after serving as Presi-dent of the AANA in 2007. She has been an extremely effective leader on behalf of her CRNA colleagues. Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) are advanced practice registered nurses who administer approximately 43 mil-lion anesthetics to patients each year. CRNAs practice in every setting in which anesthesia is delivered: traditional hospital surgical suites and obstetrical delivery rooms; critical access hospitals; ambulatory surgical centers; the of-fices of dentists, podiatrists, ophthalmologists, plastic surgeons, and pain management spe-cialists; and U.S. military, Public Health Serv-ices, and Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare facilities. Prior to her time at the AANA, Dr. Wilson enjoyed a career as the nurse anesthesia edu-cational program director and professor of clin-ical nursing for the University of Cincinnati’s College of Nursing, Nurse Anesthesia Major. The highly regarded Cincinnati program in-cludes a primary clinical site at the University Hospital in Cincinnati, where she maintained her clinical skills while directing the education of 28–32 nurse anesthesia students per year. Dr. Wilson received her doctorate degree in nursing science and physiology and a mas-ter’s degree in nursing from the University of Cincinnati. She also earned a bachelor’s de-gree in nursing and a bachelor’s degree in science from the University of Cincinnati; her nurse anesthesia diploma from Cincinnati General Hospital; and her nursing diploma from Holzer Medical Center in Gallipolis, Ohio. During her time as CEO of the AANA, Dr. Wilson has been a prominent advocate for pa-tients, practitioners and students of nurse an-esthesia before federal agencies and mem-bers of Congress. She has worked tirelessly to promote anesthesia patient safety and the value of CRNAs to our healthcare system, rec-ognition of CRNAs as Full Practice Providers in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), proper implementation of the provider non-dis-crimination, and appropriate recognition of the full scope of CRNA practice including pain management and related services in Medi-care. I extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Wilson today on a job well done. Her service to the AANA, her patients, and her students and her commitment to advancing the nurse anesthetist profession as a leader, educator and advocate are unrivaled. f 
ANTONIO ‘‘TONY’’ VEGA 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a leader in the Hispanic, small business community of my congressional district in Omaha, Nebraska. A Nebraska immigrant, Mr. Antonio ‘‘Tony’’ Vega’s career of entrepreneur-ship and mentorship is recognized through his commitment to service and upholding the val-ues of hard work. Mr. Vega was born and raised in Zapotla ´n El Grande, a city about 80 miles south of Gua-dalajara, in Mexico. He was raised by a single mother who considered his education to be her highest priority. She sacrificed greatly for his higher education by immigrating to the United States to earn enough money to pay for Tony’s education back in Mexico. Tony also attributes his strong morals, values and work ethic to his grandparents, who influenced him during his childhood. As a result, Tony successfully completed a Bachelor’s Degree in Tourism and Travel Management at the Universidad de Guadalajara in 1987. Following graduation, Tony’s first job was with the State of Jalisco tourism agency as the Deputy Delegate, overseeing 16 counties and developing relations with all county dignitaries. He later became the Director of Small Busi-ness Development for his hometown of Zapotla´n El Grande, where he was the coordi-nator for the annual festival Feria Zapotla ´n, which runs during the entire month of October with a variety of cultural activities and national attractions. In 1994, he immigrated to the United States to reside in San Gabriel, CA. It was there that he met a wholesale leather goods distributor who taught him about Hispanic, small busi-nesses. Mr. Vega worked Monday through Fri-day at Arambula Hats. During the weekend, he explored ways to develop more efficient shipping routes throughout the pacific coast from Southern California to Oregon. Tony came to Omaha, Nebraska in 2000 to work as an administrator at Plaza Latina. Mr. Vega implemented a new management style for retail through an inventive strategy of con-necting small businesses in a single retail, one-stop location. His concept was praised by the owners of Plaza Latina, who offered to sell the whole business and building to Mr. Vega along with a 5-year financing deal, requiring no lawyers be involved. This led Mr. Vega to construct an incubator for a Hispanic, small business. Using the small retail spaces and resources at Plaza Latina, new entrepreneurs had an opportunity to succeed within one community and location. This concept for small business develop-ment caught the attention of Dr. Jonathan Benjamin-Alvarado, a faculty member at the University of Nebraska—Omaha, who wanted to know more about Mr. Vega’s modern mar-keting and business approach. Dr. Benjamin- Alvarado brought the University of Nebraska’s College of Business’ students from all cam-puses to experience his business concept. This partnership was the initial catalyst that led to the success of the many businesses that Tony helped. In 2005, the Hispanic business community in South Omaha started to take off and the first major bank moved into the area. First Na-tional Bank of Omaha broke ground on a new Spanish-speaking branch, solely focused on Hispanic clients and businesses along the 24th Street corridor. This would eventually be-come the main financier in South Omaha. The move by the bank was initially received with reluctance by local Latino business. However, due to the quick actions of Mr. Vega, seven core businesses gathered for a meeting at Guacamaya Restaurant on the 2nd of March. Mr. Vega proposed the local Hispanic Busi-ness Community integrate with the U.S. His-panic Chamber of Commerce (USHCC). On April 7, 2005 by unanimous vote, Mr. Vega’s Hispanic Business Group became a member of the USHCC and grew from 7 His-panic businesses to 28 in their first month. Tony became the first President of the Ne-braska Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and held the position for the first 3 years. He paved the way for the current business model of incubating, developing and empowering small business success. Today, Mr. Vega is the owner of Factor Latino magazine. Published monthly in Span-ish, it is catered to the Latino and Hispanic business community leaders in Nebraska. An avid fan of Mexican Lucha Libre (Wrestling) since childhood; he is the founder and Presi-dent of Midwest Mexican Wrestling. Addition-ally, he created TV Latina Nebraska to serve the online Latino community. It is a platform that provides coverage on local politics, com-munity support programs and leaders within the Hispanic community in Omaha. Mr. Vega is happily married to the love of his life, Eliana Ortiz since 1992. He is a father to three boys: Braulio, Omar and Nicola ´s, and two girls: Jessica and Grecia. His everyday passions include communications, road trips, Mexican wrestling and hosting gatherings of friends and family. I am proud to recognize all of Mr. Vega’s accomplishments and am con-fident that he will continue to inspire and en-hance the Hispanic, small business community in Nebraska. 
f 
FULBRIGHT SCHOLARS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor four northeast Georgians 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.054 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1096 July 28, 2017 
who recently completed time abroad as part of the Fulbright Scholar Program. Established in 1946, the Fulbright Program has given more than 370,000 American stu-dents the opportunity to step out of their com-fort zones in order to live and study in a dif-ferent country. The travels that these young Americans have embarked on each year high-light our nation’s commitment to expanding our knowledge and building relationships. I would like to recognize the following four Fulbright recipients: Franziska Brunner, Kim-berly Buice, Isaac Hopkins, and Dr. Mihai Spariosu. This past year, these four scholars lived in Austria, Laos, Canada, and Romania, respectively, studying topics ranging from lit-erature to music. These students teach us that instead of fearing the unknown, we should commit our-selves to seeking it out. As Fulbright Scholars, these individuals returned with a newfound ap-preciation for different cultures and new ideas about how we can cultivate strong ties with others all across the globe. It is an honor to represent these bright, young scholars. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL BIRTHDAY OF HELEN S. LIU 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a long-time resident of my district, Mrs. Helen Liu, as she celebrates her 100th birth-day surrounded by family and friends. Mrs. Liu spends her days embodying the qualities of kindness, generosity, and selfless-ness, all of which have been gained after many years spent as a mother and a woman of faith. She was born August 19, 1917 in a small village outside the city of Tangshan, China. The youngest of six children—three older brothers and two older sisters—Helen found a passion in pursuing higher education in an environment that discouraged it. After completing her exams at Shen Hung Girl’s High School, Helen was accepted to two prestigious universities: Yanjing University in Beijing and Nankai University in Tianjin. In order to remain close to her family, Helen at-tended school in Tianjin. It was here where she later met and married her husband, Yung Kwei Lui, on April 7, 1941. Helen and her husband raised a beautiful family of four, two sons and two daughter, one of which she currently spends her days with in the City of Montclair. In her spare time, Helen teaches bible study and the lessons she has learned throughout her long, but fulfilling life. Many of these lessons are well documented in her autobiography. When asked her opinion of such a monu-mental celebration, Helen said she finds it dif-ficult to believe that she has lived to see 100 years. She only hopes to see many more. For her endless dedication to her family and her community, and for being an example of love and kindness, I would like to recognize Mrs. Helen Liu, proud American citizen, and wish her a very Happy Birthday. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DESIREE LANGSTON CARN HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Mrs. Desiree Langston Carn, a revered member of our Toledo com-munity. Mrs. Carn passed from this life on June 26, 2017 surrounded by her family. Desiree Langston Carn graduated from Jesup W. Scott High School in 1973 and earned her Bachelor’s Degree from the Ohio State University and a Master’s Degree from Bowling Green State University in guidance and counseling. She served the Toledo community and touched the lives of countless students as a Counselor, retiring after 34 years from the To-ledo Board of Education. Her compassion, her smile, and her words of wisdom guided many young people on paths forward. Desiree had a beautiful voice which she used in worship at Jerusalem Missionary Bap-tist Church in Toledo. So special was her gift, that a citywide musical celebration was held at the church as part of her homegoing. Desiree leaves to cherish her memory her husband, Ernest Carn, Jr., her sons Jamal and Jasyn, her five grandchildren, her mother, Elzena Langston, her brother Calvin Thomp-son, her sister Antoinette Langston, and many loving relatives. We offer them our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonder-ful memories of what Desiree had meant to each of the people who shared in her life. Psalm 59: 16–17 sings, ‘‘But as for me, I shall sing of Your strength; Yes, I shall joyfully sing of Your loving kindness in the morning, For You have been my stronghold and a ref-uge in the day of my distress. O my strength, I will sing praises to You; For God is my stronghold, the God who shows me loving kindness.’’ Desiree Langston Carn shared this message through her angelic voice. Now she joins the Angels in song. Desiree led a full life and gave so much to all those who knew her. Her legacy grows in the wisdom she shared and the hope she in-spired in the young people she counseled. Her voice still shines as it is carried forth. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF JUDGE BEN MORALES 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Judge Alvin James ‘‘Ben’’ Morales, who proudly served the people of Laredo for more than 20 years. Judge Ben Morales was born in 1950 in Taylor, Texas. He graduated from Taylor High School and joined the United States Army dur-ing the Vietnam War. After he was honorably discharged, Judge Morales completed his studies at Southwest Texas State University with a bachelor’s degree in political science and history. After college, Judge Morales married Liz Gamez. They then moved to Houston where he pursued a degree at Thurgood Marshall School of Law, graduating in 1979. After pass-ing the bar exam Judge Morales moved his family to Laredo, where he started a career as an attorney before serving as a judge, a posi-tion he held for over twenty years. Judge Morales was a widely respected and admired judge and individual. Among his many achievements, he launched Webb County’s first-ever juvenile drug court program in 2013. He also served as a member of the American Judge’s Association, as a Chairman of the Webb County Bail Bond Board, and as an Assistant Webb County Attorney. In 2014, Judge Morales retired, and he and his wife moved to Pflugerville to be closer to their daughters, friends, and extended family. Judge Morales is survived by his loving wife Liz Morales and two daughters Marisa Mo-rales and Raquel Leal. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize and honor Judge Mo-rales for his years of service to the city of La-redo. f 
TRIBUTE TO LOIS HOCKABOUT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lois Hockabout of Tabor, Iowa on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Lois was born on August 9, 1917. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Lois’ life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the Internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Lois has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Lois in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birth-day. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Lois on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING CYNTHIA K. DOHNER FOR 24 YEARS OF SERVICE AT THE U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the public service ca-reer of Cynthia K. Dohner. Cindy served the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service with distinction and honor for more than 24 years and will leave the Service on August 30, 2017. Cindy’s love of the outdoors began while fishing Pennsylvania’s Susquehanna River 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.057 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1097 July 28, 2017 
with her father and tagging along on his deer hunting trips. It was at this point in her life that she knew that she wanted to make a positive difference. Those experiences set her on a course that led to a bachelor’s degree in ma-rine biology, a master’s degree in fisheries and aquaculture, and a long career protecting fish and wildlife and the untamed places upon which they depend. Cindy made conservation her career. She has worked for a private environmental con-sulting firm and held positions in several state and federal agencies before joining the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in 1993. Prior to her time in the Southeast Region, Cindy worked with the Service’s Division of Fish Hatcheries and as the Branch Chief for Recovery and Consultation in Washington, D.C. She came to Atlanta in 1999 to serve as the Assistant Re-gional Director for Ecological Services and later served as Deputy Regional Director. For the last seven years, Cindy has led the Southeast Region in a daily mission to make a difference for fish, wildlife, plants and the people who live and work in communities across the region. As Regional Director, she provided vision and leadership for more than 1,300 employees in 10 southeastern states, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and has continuously worked toward producing successful management solutions that have positively influenced our national conservation efforts. On any given day, you are just as like-ly to find her working with employees and partners on issues as big as the restoration of Louisiana’s coast and as small but no less consequential as the partnership work and proactive conservation that led to removing the Georgia aster from the list of candidate species under the Endangered Species Act. I witnessed Cindy’s dedication to protecting and conserving America’s natural resources firsthand while working together with her to re-store Louisiana’s coast and the Gulf of Mexico following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. At the time of the spill in 2010, she led an ex-traordinary effort to respond to this unprece-dented event that deployed thousands of em-ployees to stations in four Gulf Coast states over the first year. Additionally, she was in-strumental in securing funds to rebuild Brenton Island—an area that has provided protection for our bird habitat as well as fishing habitat for Louisiana’s saltwater anglers. Whether the need was simple or more complicated, she worked tirelessly to solve a host of environ-mental and economic needs. While serving as the Department of the Interior’s Authorized Of-ficial for the Deepwater Horizon Natural Re-source Damage Assessment and Restoration, Cindy was a committed partner to the State of Louisiana and the other Gulf states in working collaboratively to help us get on the right path to repairing our ecosystem, and restoring the Gulf’s abundant natural resources and the economy its people depend upon. She is recognized throughout the Southeast as an honest partner and innovative conserva-tion leader. Under her leadership, the region has joined forces with states, private land-owners, other federal agencies, the Depart-ment of Defense, and several sectors of in-dustry and business including energy, timber, and finance among others to find creative ways to conserve fish and wildlife resources. This collaboration has resulted in notable con-servation successes including removing the Louisiana black bear from the endangered species list, upgrading the status of the West Indian manatee and wood stork and pre-cluding the need to list more than 100 fish, wildlife, and plants petitioned for federal pro-tection in the past seven years. She worked closely with many partners to restore more than one million acres of bottomland hard-wood habitat in the South and reverse the de-cline of longleaf pine forests so critical for mi-gratory birds and wildlife in decline. Her rec-ognition of the little things to build lasting rela-tionships that so often have big implications and make conservation success possible on larger scales is something I will miss. I com-mend Cindy for her desire to make a lasting difference and hope the Service will continue to build on her outstanding conservation leg-acy. I speak for myself and I think for many pol-icymakers, business leaders, and lovers of the outdoors when I say Cindy Dohner and her passion for wildlife will be missed. I appreciate the many years of public service she has to the Southeast Region and people that call Louisiana home and make it a Sportsmen’s Paradise. I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing our deepest appreciation and grati-tude for her public service and wishing Cindy success and happiness in her future endeav-ors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN KELMENDI FOR HIS WORK WITH THE METRO DETROIT COMMU-NITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. John Kelmendi for his career as an educator and involvement in the southeast Michigan community. Mr. Kelmendi has been a dedicated advocate for students during his career with the Detroit Public Schools and in-volvement with local community groups. Mr. Kelmendi, a native of Albania, began his career with Detroit Public Schools in 1993 and established a reputation as a dedicated teach-er invested in the success of his students. Mr. Kelmendi initially taught social studies to stu-dents at Pershing High School and became curriculum leader of the school’s social studies department in 2003. In this role, Mr. Kelmendi helped coordinate the staff and manage the instructional material in the social studies de-partment. He also served as an instructional specialist, where he helped observe and evaluate other educators in addition to teach-ing students. Mr. Kelmendi’s work with the stu-dents at Pershing resulted in significant im-provements in academic achievement, includ-ing a strong upward trend in social studies test scores relative to other DPS students. Mr. Kelmendi’s time as an educator and community activist was critical to improving student achievement and establishing a cul-ture of excellence within the social studies de-partment at Pershing High School. As a result of his actions, Mr. Kelmendi received a lifetime achievement award from Detroit Public Schools and was well-known for his passion for teaching. Additionally, he was active in the Metro Detroit Community, having served as a member of Detroit’s School-Community Rela-tions Committee, which helped establish and improve collaboration between the DPS aca-demic community and residents of Detroit. Mr. Kelmendi went above and beyond what was expected in the classroom and the community, and his efforts are worthy of commendation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. John Kelmendi for his work as an educator and in the Metro Detroit commu-nity. Mr. Kelmendi’s actions have impacted countless lives. f 
TRIBUTE TO BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA TROOP 533 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an important Hoosier institution, the Boy Scouts of America Troop 533 from Munster, Indiana, which is celebrating its ninetieth anni-versary this year. Boy Scout Troop 533 was organized in 1927 by Mr. Maury Kraay, an eighth grader at-tending Munster Public Schools. He gathered classmates, local boys, and a retired school principal to form Munster’s Boy Scout Troop. Troop 533 was present on June 14, 1927 when President Calvin Coolidge dedicated Wicker Park in Highland, Indiana. The Troop was also heavily involved in the World War II effort by organizing parades and rallies for war bonds, planting and maintaining gardens for local consumption, practicing blackout drills, carrying warden messages and reports to sec-tor headquarters, and participating in wartime recycling programs. More recently, Troop 533 organized Cub Scout Packs in Munster elementary schools in the 1960s. In 1982, the Troop presented the colors during the dedication of the first Mun-ster Town Council meeting in the town’s newly constructed municipal complex, and began leading the Independence Park Fourth of July Parade a year later—an honor it still holds today. During the Little Calumet River flooding in 2008, Troop 533 assisted with filling sand-bags to protect public and private property and later helped with yard clean-up, raking, moving dirt, and re-graveling driveways after the flood waters subsided. Troop 533 has positively influenced count-less Munster families by leading many boys to success, including producing over 100 Eagle Scouts. The scouts and their adult leaders have long served the community in which they live and love. They have lived by the Boy Scout Oath and Motto, and my hometown of Munster is better for having Troop 533 a part of the community. Mr. Speaker, as a proud father of a young Cub Scout, I am honored to congratulate Mun-ster Boy Scout Troop 533, on its ninetieth an-niversary and look forward to their continued service to fellow Hoosiers and our nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.062 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1098 July 28, 2017 
IKWUEZUNMA RECIEVES PRESTIGIOUS FULLBRIGHT AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ijezie Ikwuezunma of Richmond, TX, for receiving a Fulbright award to do re-search in the UK. Ijezie, a student at Washington and Lee University, was awarded a Fulbright grant for his project, ‘‘Cardiovascular Pharma-cogenomics and Pharmacokinetics of Warfarin (an oral anti-coagulant).’’ His research will be based around cardiovascular agents and their pharmacology, with a particular focus on the drug warfarin. While completing his Fulbright, Ijezie will also be pursuing his Masters of Re-search in biomedical sciences and transnational medicine at the University of Liverpool. Each year the Fulbright Program grants students the opportunity to study, re-search or teach English abroad in an effort to internationalize communities and campuses around the world. Fulbright scholars focus on the conditions and challenges differing regions face, as well as building valuable US relation-ships. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ijezie for receiving this Fulbright award. Keep up the great work. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MIKE MILLER, NEW U.S. WHEAT ASSOCIATES CHAIR-MAN 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent from my district, Mike Miller, of Ritzville, Washington, who was recently selected as the new Chairman of the U.S. Wheat Associates. Mike is a fourth-generation farmer and a family man who has served on many local, state and national boards. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Washington Grain Commission and has been representing Washington as a U.S. Wheat Associates Di-rector for six years. He has been very active in supporting wheat research and development, and I know he will be an excellent leader for the U.S. Wheat Associates, as they continue to pro-mote the quality and value of all six U.S. wheat classes to international markets. Please join me in congratulating Mike on his new position. 
f 
OPPOSING PROPOSED LEGISLA-TION THAT THREATENS THE BOUNDARY WATERS CANOE AREA WILDERNESS 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD my letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee of the House Nat-ural Resources Committee. The letter ex-presses my strong opposition to a discussion draft the Committee held a hearing on this week, proposed by Representative TOM E
MMER , that would undercut existing environ-mental and public lands laws to allow a Chil-ean mining conglomerate to conduct dan-gerous sulfide-ore coppering mining adjacent to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULGOSAR , Chairman, Subcommittee on Energy and Min-erals, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. Hon. A
LANLOWENTHAL , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Energy and Minerals, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOSAR AND RANKING MEM-
BERLOWENTHAL : I write to express my strong opposition to the discussion draft proposed by Representative Tom Emmer considered today, July 27, in the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee of the House Nat-ural Resources Committee. This proposed legislation would undercut existing environ-mental and public lands laws to allow a Chil-ean mining conglomerate to conduct dan-gerous sulfide-ore coopering mining adjacent to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness. Located in northeastern Minnesota along the United States’ border with Canada, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) comprises approximately 1.1 mil-lion acres of unspoiled woodlands and more than 1,000 pristine lakes. It is home to iconic species such as loons, moose, and lynx, while the waters support thriving populations of walleye, bass, and trout. Congress recognized the value of this unique national treasure when it passed the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act in 1978. This critical legislation established necessary protections for the BWCAW, pro-hibiting logging and mining and placing lim-its on the use of motorized vehicles to pre-serve the unspoiled nature of this special area. That law strengthened the federal role as caretaker of this area of unparalleled nat-ural beauty, and in doing so built upon more than a century of actions by federal and state governments. In 1909, President Theo-dore Roosevelt created the Superior National Forest to protect the surrounding area. In 1964, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Wilderness Act into law, and set aside one million acres of the Boundary Waters as a wilderness area. In 1976, the state of Min-nesota banned mining on state lands within the Boundary Waters. These polices have ensured that Min-nesota’s Boundary Waters are one of the few remaining wild places in the United States. The BWCAW does not exist in isolation, however. It is a critical part of a vast, inter-connected watershed that flows through the Superior National Forest and into Voyageurs National Park and Canada’s Quetico Provin-cial Park. While the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act of 1978 prohibited min-ing within the Boundary Waters itself, it did not address existing mineral leases located within the parts of the watershed in the Su-perior National Forest. In 2011, Chilean mining conglomerate Antofagasta announced plans for its Twin Metals sulfide-ore copper mine on federal land within this watershed. Antofagasta planned to pursue this mining under mineral leases issued in 1966, before the enactment of modern environmental legislation such as the National Environmental Policy Act and the Clean Water Act. However, those leases expired in 2014, requiring Antofagasta to apply for a renewal. Under the terms of the leases, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) reviewed and de-nied those renewals in December 2016, based on a denial of consent from the United States Forest Service (USFS). The USFS de-termined that copper-sulfide ore mining on these leases would pose an unacceptable risk that ‘‘might cause serious and Irreplaceable harm to this unique, iconic, and irreplace-able wilderness area’’. Sulfide-ore mining is the most toxic indus-try in America, polluting waterways with acid drainage that contains arsenic, mercury and lead. Researchers that surveyed sulfide-ore cop-per mines in North America found that every mine had leeched pollution into surrounding water, with 92 percent failing to contain mine seepage and seriously affecting water quality. Underscoring the danger of sulfide- ore copper mining, the failure of the Mount Polley copper mine in British Columbia in August 2014 released a toxic slurry of 10 bil-lion liters of wastewater and 5 billion liters of solid tailings. This immense pollution de-stroyed the surrounding landscape and per-manently damaged an irreplaceable salmon spawning area. Simply put, sulfide-ore copper mining is not suited in the vast, interconnected water-shed that contains the BWCA, which is ex-actly why the BLM and USFS determined that the sustainable management of the for-ests, lakes and streams in this area was best served by not renewing Antofagasta’s leases. This decision was also supported with ac-tion taken by the state government. In March 2016, Minnesota Governor Mark Day-ton directed the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources ‘‘not to authorize or enter into any new state access agreements or lease agreements for mining operations’’ on state lands in close proximity to the BWCAW. Following the denial of the leases, the USFS submitted an application to the Sec-retary of the interior to withdraw portions of the watershed that flows Into the BWCAW from future mineral permits and leases, to remove the threat of sulfide-ore mining throughout this sensitive landscape. Today, the USFS and the BLM are conducting a thorough environmental analysis to deter-mine whether the lands should be withdrawn from mineral leasing for a period of 20 years. In addition to relying on sound science, this review includes input from the public and key stakeholders. In just the past two weeks, more than 1,500 people have attended public meetings held by the USFS in Virginia, Min-nesota and St. Paul, Minnesota. This environmental review and public input process is the best path forward, as Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue af-firmed to me during a hearing of the House Interior-Environment Appropriations Sub-committee on May 27, 2017. In response to a question about the study, Secretary Perdue responded: ‘‘We are determined to proceed in that effort and let it run its course. No deci-sion will be made prior to the conclusion of that.’’ Unfortunately, the discussion draft pre-sented by Representative Emmer entirely short-circuits this careful and deliberate re-view process, recklessly overturns the science-based denial of consent decision from the USFS, and attacks existing environ-mental and public lands laws—all for the benefit of a foreign conglomerate’s mining project. I have several serious concerns about the far-reaching impacts of the discussion draft presented by Representative Emmer: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.065 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1099 July 28, 2017 
It automatically grants Antofagasta two federal mineral leases on Superior National Forest lands, ignoring the strong federal and state opposition to sulfide-ore mining in this area. One federal mineral lease is imme-diately adjacent to the BWCAW and the sec-ond is within three miles of the BWCAW boundary. Peer-reviewed science documents that acid mine drainage from sulfide-ore cop-per mines on these leases would flow through the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs National Park, and Canada’s Quetico Provincial Park. Attached to this letter is a map that illus-trates the extent of the pollution risk to this interconnected watershed. It voids the Forest Service Record of Deci-sion in which the USFS denied to consent to the renewal of Antofagasta’s federal mineral leases based on the risk of harm to the Boundary Waters if the leases were granted. The Forest Service’s decision on the lease re-newals was made by professional career USFS staff after a 3-year review, with exten-sive opportunity for public comment. The de-cision cites sound scientific evidence of harm to the BWCAW and considerable public oppo-sition to the projects. The discussion draft ignores these facts entirely and recklessly overturns the well-considered decision of the Forest Service. It undermines established laws governing mineral leasing in the Superior National Forest, bypasses the National Environ-mental Policy Act, and interferes with an ongoing Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). This proposal would amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act and override the law that gives USFS the right to consent to mining in the Superior National Forest—making substantive changes to these carefully established laws. By retroactively reinstating the Twin Metals leases, the bill would also waive the require-ment that federal mineral leases in the wa-tershed go through a NEPA analysis. Fur-thermore, by reinstating these leases and re-quiring Congressional approval for the with-drawal of future leasing, this bill would shove aside the scientific analysis and public input process of the current EIS. All of this interference in the established legal process governing federal mineral leasing will pri-marily serve to benefit a foreign mining con-glomerate. It fundamentally alters the 1906 Antiq-uities Act by mandating Congressional ap-proval for national monuments in the Supe-rior and Chippewa National Forests. This is a virtually unprecedented attack on the An-tiquities Act. This bill chips away at funda-mental conservation principles in the United States by establishing a carve-out from one of our nation’s essential public lands laws. These concerns have been echoed by lead-ers at some of the United States’ foremost organizations advocating for the protection of our environment and the conservation of our public lands. I have attached statements from them to this letter. If this legislation were allowed to move forward with these troubling provisions in-tact, it would not only undercut existing en-vironmental and public lands laws. It would also undermine the environmental and eco-nomic health of northern Minnesota. Drawn by the pristine landscape, the BWCAW today attracts more than 250,000 visitors each year who take advantage of un-paralleled opportunities to canoe, fish, and explore this area. These visitors have been a boon to a thriv-ing outdoor recreation economy in the area. According to the Iron Range Resources & Re-habilitation Board, tourism in Northeastern Minnesota supports 18,000 jobs and brings $850 million in sales annually to the region. These jobs are dependent on a healthy water-shed, and Representative Emmer’s plan to reinstate leases for copper-sulfide ore mining would put these jobs and the growing econ-omy they support at risk. As the previous administration explained when issuing their denial of the Twin Metals leases: ‘‘It is well established that acid mine drainage is a significant environmental risk at sulfide ore mine sites like the one pro-posed for these leased lands and in a water- based ecosystem like the Boundary Waters because contaminated water could have dra-matic impacts to aquatic life, sport fisheries, and recreation-based uses and communities.’’ As Members of Congress, we have an obli-gation to be good stewards of our nation’s natural resources. It would be a grave mis-take to allow dangerous mining to take place on the edge of the Boundary Waters, one of the last wild places in our country. I urge you to oppose the discussion draft presented by Representative Emmer. Sincerely, B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , Member of Congress. Enclosures. 
STATEMENTS OPPOSING THE DISCUSSION DRAFT  
FROM LEADING ENVIRONMENTAL AND PUBLIC  
LANDS ORGANIZATIONS  Lena Moffitt, Director of Our Wild Amer-ican Program, Sierra Club: The waters of Lake Superior and the Boundary Waters are a precious national re-source, depended on and enjoyed by millions of Americans. Sadly, members of Congress are clearly prioritizing the interests of mul-tinational mining companies over the needs of both local communities and the American public. We strongly oppose these attacks on our public lands and waters, and call on Con-gressional leaders to do the same. Jamie Williams, President, The Wilderness Society: The Emmer mining bill is yet another dan-gerous attack on our public lands. Anti-con-servation interests are determined to let Congress sell or lease to private profiteers our nation’s natural treasures that are owned by all Americans. In addition to open-ing the door to sulfide-ore mining in the priceless Boundary Waters watershed, the bill undermines bedrock conservation laws including the Antiquities Act, used by Re-publican and Democratic presidents alike to protect places of historic or natural signifi-cance. The Boundary Waters is one of the original places protected by the 1964 Wilder-ness Act, is America’s most visited wilder-ness area, and its waters must be protected from industrial mining. Alex Taurel, Deputy Legislative Director, League of Conservation Voters: This radical legislation would harm Min-nesota’s outdoor recreation economy by al-lowing a foreign mining company to build a risky mine that threatens the health of America’s most visited wilderness area in the spectacular Boundary Waters. We urge members of Congress to oppose this harmful bill that greenlights a decision on the project based on politics and shamefully cuts out the voices of Minnesotans and people across the country that have engaged in a lengthy public process. f 
TRIBUTE TO JEAN AND WENDELL VOLKENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jean and Wendell Volkens of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on June 16, 1957 at Zion Lutheran Church in Auburn, Iowa. Jean and Wendell’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together, and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
RECOGNIZING IMPD DEPUTY CHIEF JIM WATERS 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a profound sense of sadness, as I grieve with the City of Indianapolis and the entire law enforcement community, over the loss of a true public servant. Today, we remember Indi-anapolis Metropolitan Police Department Dep-uty Chief Jim Waters, who dedicated his life to serving others. Deputy Chief Waters served our city for nearly 30 years, in a variety of roles in city government and on the Indianapolis Metropoli-tan Police Department. In all his roles, Deputy Chief Waters was known as a bridge builder and someone who worked alongside commu-nity members to improve and protect our city. Deputy Chief Waters was a decorated po-lice officer who came from a long line of public servants. He rose through the ranks of IMPD, serving as District Commander of the East District, Assistant Chief, as well as Deputy Chief. His service did not go unnoticed; he was awarded the Medal of Bravery and May-or’s Community Service Award for his commit-ment to protecting Hoosiers. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in ex-tending our thoughts and prayers to Deputy Chief Waters’ wife, Sherry, his children and his entire family. Deputy Chief Waters left a lasting legacy on the Indianapolis community and I am grateful for his years of dedicated service to our city. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL OF THE POKE-O-MOONSHINE FIRE TOWER 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 100th Anniversary of the Poke-O-Moonshine fire tower. Sitting atop Poke-O-Moonshine Mountain since 1917, the historic fire tower has played an important role in protecting the Adiron-dack’s environment and wildlife by allowing lookouts to detect and report early signs of wildfires. Although it was decommissioned by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.068 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1100 July 28, 2017 
New York State in 1988, the fire tower has been fully restored and continues to offer hikers incredible views of the Adirondack Mountains, Lake Champlain, and Vermont. In honor of the fire tower’s centennial, the Friends of Poke-O-Moonshine is hosting sev-eral celebratory events including hikes up the mountain, a silent art auction, and live per-formances. The organization, which was large-ly responsible for the restoration of the fire tower, is dedicated to preserving Poke-O- Moonshine and to educating the public about the mountain and its surrounding areas. Their efforts have expanded public access to this special place and increased awareness of our region’s rich environmental history. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to join in celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Poke-O-Moonshine fire tower. It is an im-portant piece of the Adirondack Park and a symbol of the North Country’s long tradition of outdoor engagement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF IRV HOLLAND 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Mr. Irwin Holland. Irv Holland was a brave and courageous man who served our country in a multitude of ways and will forever be remembered as a member of one of the great generations. Mr. Holland was born in 1917, eldest child to first generation immigrants. He grew up in New York where he graduated high school and attended night school but never graduated with a college degree. In 1943, he joined the United States Army Air Corps, and became an Army Air Corps navigator, eventually reaching the rank of Second Lieutenant. In the midst of World War II, and on his maiden mission, the navigational instruments on his B–17 failed. In the dark and over the ocean Mr. Holland led three B–17 airplanes to the Ashen Islands where they landed safely. After taking off from the Ashen Islands they continued to the Euro-pean Theater and in June 1943 he and sev-eral other crew members were shot down over Germany. Irv bailed out and was taken as a prisoner of war. He was a prisoner of war from June 13, 1943 to May 22, 1945, and endured difficult conditions in camp Stalag Luft 3— Sagan-Silesia, Bavaria, eventually moving to Nuremberg, Germany. Mr. Holland was liber-ated by the Americans at the end of the war. After his release in 1945 from Prisoner of War Camp, he returned to the U.S. and short-ly afterwards traveled to the west coast to begin a new chapter in his life. In 1947, he met and married Barbara Donner Schwartz and soon became the father of three. ‘‘Irv’’ and Barbara moved to Fresno in 1952 from the Bay Area and Irv established the Irwin Holland Advertising Agency. He was a community minded individual with involve-ments in the civil rights movement, community education and the Jewish community, but poli-tics was his real love and passion. Irwin Hol-land was a political animal and felt a commit-ment to participate and improve his commu-nity. With that in mind, he ran for several polit-ical offices in the San Joaquin Valley as well as becoming the advance man for every Na-tional Democratic Candidate who traveled the Central Valley from the mid ’50’s to the end of the 1970’s, including John F. Kennedy (before his presidency), Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, Rose Kennedy, Pierre Salinger, Humbert Humphrey, and others. All during this time he was active in the Fresno Democratic Central Committee. From 1962 to 1970 he served as Administrative As-sistant for former California State Assembly-man and Senator George Zenovich and in 1974 Irv was named District Director for former U.S. Congressman John Krebs, serving at his pleasure for the two terms that Mr. Krebs was in office. In 1979, following a dream, Irwin and Bar-bara moved to Jerusalem, Israel. Once they became established in Israel, Irv worked as a freelance writer, writing articles about his ex-periences in Israel for the McClatchy News-papers. While adapting to a new country and language Irv continued his community involve-ment and was involved with the Americans and Canadians in Israel, Democrats Abroad, and the San Francisco Jewish Federation’s Office in Jerusalem for several years. After fully retiring he began his ‘‘personal campaign’’ to provide ‘‘behind the scenes’’ in-sights about politics in the region to his friends and family at home. He forever felt that con-nection between the place of his birth and his new home. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to recognize a mentor and a friend, Irv Holland. A gentleman, who felt the obligation to serve both his community and country of birth as well as his new-found home. He is survived by his wife of 69 years, Barbara, who still lives in Israel and their three children: Francine, Amy, and Robbie, their five grandchildren: David, Sarah, Rachel, Hannah, and Naomi, and their four great-grandchildren: Ami, Ophir, Arbel, and Ella. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, July 27, on Roll Call vote 414, I did not vote. Had I been present, it was my intention to vote NO. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE SERGEANT ANDREW BRUCHER VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS POST 5499 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to con-gratulate Sgt. Andrew Brucher Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5499, located in Kauneonga Lake, New York, which will cele-brate its 50th anniversary on August 5, 2017. At its anniversary dinner, the Post will honor two very special people: Mrs. Mabel Brucher, a Gold Star Mother, and Mr. Raymond Jankowski, a veteran of the Second World War and founding Charter Member of Post 5499. Post 5499 is named for Sgt. Andrew Carl Brucher, son of Leo and Mabel Brucher of Smallwood, New York. Sgt. Brucher was in-ducted into the Army on November 8, 1965, arrived in Vietnam on January 6, 1967, and died on April 4, 1967, in Da Nang, Vietnam. Having served honorably, Sgt. Brucher was awarded the Purple Heart, National Defense Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with a Bronze Star, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal. Honoring those who serve our nation should be a top priority for all Americans, and the VFW is an essential organization that fosters camaraderie among American veterans and advocates on their behalf. Congratulations to Post 5499 on this milestone anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NAVY YEO-MAN 3RD CLASS EDMUND RYAN 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, Navy Yeoman 3rd Class Edmund Ryan of Wilbraham, Massachu-setts was killed when the Japanese sank the USS Oklahoma during the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. For 75 years, Yeoman Ryan was one of the nearly 400 sailors from that vessel whose identities were deemed ‘‘non-re-coverable.’’ But thanks to the advancements in DNA testing and the efforts by the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, Yeoman Ryan’s remains have been finally identified. This was possible by matching the mitochondrial DNA to family members of the deceased. This achievement gives hope to the family members of the 26,000 servicemembers from World War II that pos-sibly they too can be identified. Next week, Yeoman Ryan will be interred in his final resting place at Arlington National Cemetery. On behalf of the First District of Massachusetts and the United States, we are eternally grateful for his service and sacrifice to his nation. And on this solemn occasion, I want to extend my best wishes to his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHEAST GEORGIA’S STEM STUDENTS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor seventeen of northeast Georgia’s brightest high school students. The National Academy of Future Scientists and Technologists and the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists se-lected these young scholars to represent the state of Georgia at their respective national conventions held in late June. Despite the fact that these students hailed from different parts of the district, they share a common interest in science and medical-re-lated fields. Representing our state as dele-gates gave them a chance to discuss their in-terests and ideas—whether they involved be-coming our nation’s next leading scientist or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.071 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1101 July 28, 2017 
becoming the brain power behind the next iPhone. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the following outstanding young people: Omeka Bhatia, John Bradley, Justin Mayo, Tyrese Mcintosh, Andrew O’Brian, Thinh Pham- Hoang, David Tran, and Ana Woodsides for attending the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. Additionally, Briana Bishop, Keah Gruduah, Andres Meza, Garrett Raxter, Angela Rivera, Lorenza Rojas-Gon-zalez, Helen Viec, and Amber York have made northeast Georgia proud by attending the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. These talented students are carving out a future for STEM fields and will help lead the next generation of innovation in our country. I am honored to represent them in Congress, and I wish them the best as they run after their dreams. 
f 
CELEBRATING TONY ZAPATA 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Tony Zapata, who recently concluded his service as Commander of Vet-erans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Post 4696 in East Los Angeles. As a representative of East LA in Congress, I have had the honor of get-ting to know Tony over the years, especially in his capacity as the organizer of the annual Memorial Day and Veterans Day events at the Cinco Puntos intersection. Tony, a Vietnam veteran, comes from a family with deep military roots. His grandfather served in World War I, his father and two brothers served in WWII, two of his uncles served in Korea, and his son went to Kuwait. It should come as no surprise, then, that Tony has shown an unstinting dedication to those who serve and have served in our nation’s armed forces. Tony was born in Del Rio, Texas, and grad-uated from high school in 1963. In January 1965, he enlisted in the U.S. Navy. After boot camp in San Diego, California, in April 1965, he went aboard the U.S.S. Evans (DE–1023) in Bremerton, Washington, as a Machinist’s Mate Fireman Apprentice. In August 1967, he was assigned to North Island Naval Air Station in Coronado, California, as an Airman Aviation Ordnance man. He was trained in Search and Rescue operations on NHU1 Helicopters, also known as Hueys. In November 1967, Tony was sent to Oki-nawa, where he joined a Search and Rescue Unit with the 3rd Marine Division Temporary Attached Duty (TAD). From Okinawa, he went to Cubi Point in the Philippine Islands. At Cubi Point, he qualified with an M–60 Machine Gun(mounted). In January 1968, he went on to Da Nang, South Vietnam. After one year in Vietnam, he returned to North Island Naval Air Station, where he was Honorably Discharged in February 1969. He was awarded the Na-tional Defense Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Service Medal, Republic of Vietnam Service Medal, Expeditionary Medal, and Meritorious Service Ribbon. In May 1969, Tony went to work for Trav-elers Insurance Company as a Workman’s Compensation Investigator. After Travelers, he worked as an inspector at U.S. Can in Com-merce, California, until his retirement in 2006. In 1992, Tony began to become involved with the VFW, and began full-time VFW in-volvement following his retirement. In 2010, he was appointed Commander of VFW Post 4696. Tony has shown an inspiring commitment to assisting veterans and their families with their benefits. He has also been involved with help-ing homeless Veterans get into VA programs, including help with housing, education, and medical benefits. He has also enjoyed working with local elementary school students. In his talks with students, he has described the im-portance of patriotism, spoken about Memorial Day and Veterans Day, and reminded his young listeners that freedom is not free. He has also described how they can support our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan by writing let-ters and sending care packages to our serv-icemen and women overseas. On May 29, 2017, Tony stepped down as Commander for Post 4696, but I am pleased to hear that he will still be involved with the VFW as an at large member. I hope my col-leagues will join me in sending Tony Zapata our deepest gratitude for his record of service overseas and here at home. His defense of our country, and his faithful support of our vet-erans and current servicemembers, is an in-spiration to us all. 
f 
HONORING FIRE CHIEF DAVID SKORYI 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Fire Chief David Skoryi who is retiring after serving the Lockport Township commu-nity for over 25 years. Chief Skoryi was raised in Lockport and at-tended Taft Grade School and Lockport Town-ship High School. He joined the Lockport Township Fire Protection District in 1980 as a firefighter and quickly rose through the ranks. He became a Lieutenant in 1993, Battalion Chief in 1998, and Assistant Chief in 2001. In 2010, Skoryi was named Lockport Township Fire District Chief. During his time with the fire district, Chief Skoryi reached a number of milestones. He was the first Battalion Chief in the depart-ment’s history and the first full time Training Officer. He also served as the Operations Chief, the Technical Rescue Team Leader, and the Swift Water Rescue Technician. Chief Skoryi has also overseen five fire station con-struction projects in the district. Chief David Skoryi is married to Deb Skoryi and has three grown children, two of whom still live in the area. He plans to spend his re-tirement with his wife, tending to a small farm the couple purchased and traveling in their motor home. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Chief David Skoryi for his public service and congratulate him on his achieve-ments. He has spent many years protecting the people of Lockport and the surrounding areas. His dedication is greatly appreciated by the residents of the Third District of Illinois. I wish him the best in his future endeavors. HONORING BENTON POLICE CHIEF KIRK LANE HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Benton Police Chief Kirk Lane’s appoint-ment as the new Arkansas Drug Officer. His experience and activism truly embody what all states need in the fight against illegal nar-cotics. Chief Lane is a graduate of the Arkansas Law Enforcement Training Academy and the FBI National Academy. After graduation, Chief Lane spent 20 years with the Pulaski County Sheriff’s Office, where he served as the Captain of Criminal Inves-tigations. Chief Lane has gone above and beyond his duty in the fight against illegal narcotics by participating in many organizations, including the Arkansas Drug and Alcohol Coordinating Council, the Arkansas Prescription Drug Advi-sory Board, and the Arkansas Prescription Drug Monitoring Board. As a recipient of the 2010 Benton Citizen of the Year Award and the 2012 Marie Interfaith Award, Chief Lane is recognized for his ex-ceptional character and devotion to commu-nity. I’m proud of my friend Chief Lane, who has proven his devotion to law and order, and he will be a great addition to Arkansas’s Drug En-forcement Agency to fight against narcotics and reduce the crime rate. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF STEPHEN THOMAS ZAMORA 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Stephen Thomas Zamora, who proudly served the people of Houston, Texas, as a professor at the Univer-sity of Houston Law Center for nearly thirty-six years. Stephen Zamora was born on June 26, 1944, in Los Angeles, California. Steve grad-uated from Servite High School in 1962, and earned a B.A. from Stanford University four years later. It was there where he met and married his wife, Lois. Together, they worked for the Peace Corps for two years. Afterwards, Steve graduated first in his class with a law degree from the University of California at Berkeley in 1972. After law school, in 1973, Stephen served as a Postgraduate Fellow at the University Consortium for World Order Studies in Gene-va, Switzerland. He would then practice inter-national law at the World Bank in Washington D.C. from 1974 to 1978 before settling in Houston, Texas. Mr. Zamora joined the University of Houston Law Center’s faculty and served as the first dean of Hispanic origin from 1995 to 2000. He also dedicated his independent research at the Center for U.S. and Mexican Law to Mexi-can law and relations. For his work, he was awarded the highest distinction by the Mexi-can government to a foreign national, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.076 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1102 July 28, 2017 
Order of the Aztec Eagle, in 2006. He contin-ued to devote his time to his professional in-terests until 2015. Mr. Zamora lived a long and service filled life. He was an accomplished educator, a role model to his students, and loving father and husband to his wife, Lois Zamora; his daugh-ter, Camille Zamora, and her husband Thom-as; grandsons Landon and Nate; and siblings Carol, Anita, John, Mary, Paula, and Tony; and his many nephews, nieces, aunts, cous-ins, and friends. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize and honor Stephen Zamora for his many years of service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WALTER HARRISON 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Walter Harrison, who re-tired as the president of the University of Hart-ford on June 30, 2017 after serving in that po-sition for 19 years. In his time as president, the University of Hartford has truly flourished. Under his leadership, UHart has grown by leaps and bounds through increased enroll-ment, continued academic success, new aca-demic programs and centers, and major ren-ovations to campus facilities. He leaves the university as a place with a national reputation as a renowned academic institution. Walt is first and foremost an educator and a scholar of American literature and culture. A native of Pittsburgh, he first came to Con-necticut to study at Trinity College in Hartford where he received his bachelor’s degree. He then went on to earn a master’s degree from the University of Michigan and his doctorate from the University of California—Davis. He is a veteran of the United States Air Force where he served as an officer. During his time as chair of the NCAA’s Committee on Academic Performance, he be-came one of the nation’s most influential voices on higher education and collegiate ath-letics. He has always been a champion on be-half of student-athletes and ensuring that col-legiate athletics are always a part of an en-riching academic experience. This culminated with Walt’s receipt of the NCAA’s Gerald R. Ford Award. Walt has not only been an extraordinary leader of the university, but has been a pillar of the Greater Hartford community. That can be seen in the two magnet schools opened by the university under his tenure and through his service on the boards of the Hartford Stage, St. Francis Hospital, MetroHartford Alliance, Suffield Academy, Hartford Consortium for Higher Education, the Connecticut Conference of Independent Colleges, and the Connecticut Science Center. Walt has contributed im-mensely to the fabric of our civic culture. I am proud to call Walt a friend. Anyone who knows Walt knows that he is a pas-sionate baseball fan, particularly of his Pitts-burgh Pirates. His doctoral dissertation was on baseball’s influence on the nation’s culture and he is the most knowledgeable baseball fan that one will ever meet. I wish him the best in retirement and I hope he takes his newfound free time to enjoy his family and to finally visit every big league ballpark. I would like to submit for the RECORD the undergraduate and graduate commencement addresses delivered on Walter’s last gradua-tion ceremonies as president by my col-leagues, Congresswoman M
IALOVE of Utah and Congressman R
ICHARD NEAL of Massa-chusetts, two proud UHart alumni. 
THE HONORABLE MIA LOVE  It is wonderful to be with you all today. It is great to be back to a place filled with so many memories. My mind has been racing back to places and spaces on this campus; to so many lessons learned, and to so many peo-ple who made a difference in my life. My time here as a student stretched me, strengthened me, and positioned me to rec-ognize opportunities so I can rise to my full potential. One of those amazing faculty members who challenged me to rise was Peter Flint. He was our teacher and sadly, he passed away far too soon—but he is forever a part of my life and the lives of those who were blessed by his vision and direction. Peter had a motto for those of us in musical theater. He had us memorize it—but more importantly he challenged us to live it. The motto said, ‘‘I am an artist. These are my emotions and I own them. And I like them. My talent comes from something other than myself, but I alone am respon-sible for it. I will dare to be bad, so that I may be good. I am an artist. I am that I am.’’ Peter continually challenged us to rise. He gave us the courage to know it was ok to be bad in the beginning and that working through the bad was the only way to rise to the good and ultimately to the best we had within us. Above all, Peter expected us to take responsibility and ownership for our talents and gifts. Winston Churchill said it this way, ‘‘To each there comes . . . a special moment when we are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do some-thing very special, unique to our talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds us un-willing, unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.’’ The great question you will face in the days and years ahead is this, ‘‘Am I prepared to rise in such moments?’’ I hope you consider today, graduation day, the first step to ac-cepting taps on the shoulder that will lead you to a lifetime of fine hours as you rise to the full measure of your potential. Two things for you to keep in mind as you get ready to rise. First your ability to rise will be bolstered or shackled by your ability to engage in ele-vated dialogue. It may seem crazy for a member of Congress to be talking about ele-vated dialogue—but I believe it is the key to all of our finest hours. As a nation, as indi-viduals, and as communities we must get comfortable having uncomfortable conversa-tions. We cannot rise if we are constantly spewing divisive and demonizing rhetoric. It is so tempting to melt-down someone’s twit-ter feed or blow up their Facebook page with anger-filled words of frustration. Someone wisely said, ‘‘Speak in anger and you will give the best speech you ever live to regret.’’ Even if it’s sharing a virtual speech on social media—the result is the same. Remember this, moments captured are forever and friends keep friends off YouTube. The solu-tion to any problem begins when someone says, ‘‘Let’s talk about it.’’ We have a long way to go as country—but it starts with each of us individually being willing to have an elevated conversation about the challenges of our day. It is impossible to rise without being comfortable and confident in higher dialogue. Second, remember that your goal is to rise with, not over, others. There is an old Scot-tish saying, ‘‘Thee lift me and I’ll lift thee and together we’ll ascend.’’ Sadly our soci-ety tells us more and more that we should just look out for number one and not worry about anyone else. My dad came to this country with $10 in his pocket in an attempt to rise above the poverty and strife of his native Haiti. Through grit and determination he and my mom provided me, and my siblings, the op-portunity to rise in pursuit of our own version of the American dream. I will always remember the day my dad dropped me off here on campus on orienta-tion day. He was so excited and giddy as if he were the one ready to start the adventure on campus, away from home. At one point he became serious as he looked me in the eye and said, ‘‘Mia, your mom and I have worked hard to get us to this point today. You will not be a burden to society, You will give back. You will contribute. You will make a difference for others.’’ What he was telling me is that it was part of my responsibility not only to rise myself, but to bring others along with me. Just as he had done with me. I will confess that stepping onto this cam-pus that day the thought of being a mayor, a mother or a member of congress were not remotely in my mind. But when I stepped off of this campus, as each of you will today, I was ready to rise to new roles, responsibil-ities and opportunities. Each of those roles has given me an opportunity to learn, to en-gage in elevated dialogue and help others rise to their potential. You are the rising generation. You are the leaders, not just for tomorrow, but for today. Today I challenge you to raise your sight, not just your status, as you enter the work-force and a world desperately in need of your energy, talent and commitment. Remember the second half of Churchill’s statement about those taps on the shoulder and those opportunities to rise. There is one more quote I’d like to share, by a man named John Greenleaf Whittier. He wrote, ‘‘Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the sad-dest are these: ‘It might have been.’’’ Guys, we cannot accept ‘‘what might have been.’’ It is a haunting horrible phrase. Fifty years from now you will have far more re-grets about the opportunities you didn’t take, the mountains you did not climb and the adventures you did not pursue than you will ever have for opportunities you took— even when you tried and failed. When we fail to continuously learn—we will be left to live with what might have been. When we fail to engage in elevated dia-logue in our homes, communities, and places of employment—we will be left to live with what might have been. When we fail to lift others as we ourselves rise—we will be left to live with what might have been. A few years ago my family and I were at an event in our community. There was a large hot-air balloon there as part of the fun. An opportunity arose for me to go up in the bal-loon. As I approached they told me to bring one of my children along for the ride. I called to my son Peyton, who was 7 years old, to come jump in the basket with me. He hesi-tated and resisted. The balloon was ready to launch and we couldn’t wait for Peyton to decide so I called to my daughter Abi who jumped in and off we went. After rising in the crisp, cool air and enjoying the amazing view of my district in Utah we started our return to the ground. As we began to descend the winds picked up and let’s just say the landing was a bit of an adventure. Peyton had watched all the fun from the ground. As we got out of the basket he came running over shouting that he was ready for his turn. Unfortunately with the now windy condi-tions, the balloon had to stay on the ground. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.080 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1103 July 28, 2017 
The opportunity to rise and soar in the sky came and was gone. I took Peyton aside and told him to re-member this experience. Because in life, es-pecially here in America, if you don’t take an opportunity—it quickly passes and you never know if it will—come back. Presented with opportunity—we must rise to the occa-sion. Graduates—your experiences on campus have given you a view from higher up. Re-member those experiences—remember what it felt like to gain that new perspective, un-derstand that new knowledge, ace that test, master that new skill or maximize your tal-ent. So that when life knocks you down—and surely it will—you will get back up because you know what it takes to rise. So my challenge to each of you is the same one I make to my colleagues in Congress— create opportunities every day for yourself, for those you love, and for good people every-where to rise. To you graduates I say —You got this. This is your tap on the shoulder. This is your time. These are your days—Rise. 
UNIVERSITY OF HARTFORD GRADUATE KEYNOTE  
ADDRESS , MAY 20 , 2017 
THE HONORABLE RICHARD NEAL  Good morning President Harrison, Presi-dent-Designate Woodward, parents, friends and guests. And of course the graduate school class of 2017. I am so honored to speak at University of Hartford’s 60th Commence-ment Address. For me, it is a homecoming. Looking around campus and at the stu-dents and faculty brings back fond memories of when I studied here for my Master’s de-gree. For my first year, I worked in the Mayor of Springfield’s office during the day and went to school at night. The second year, I went to school as a full time day stu-dent. The education I received here allowed me to serve as a lecturer at UMass Amherst and other institutions for the last 28 years. The faculty certainly deserves special rec-ognition. You blend your experience and teaching talents to help students reach their potential. As I have always said, when you reach your potential, your potential ex-pands. I applaud you for pushing students to rely on facts and listen closely to both sides of an argument. You encourage students to be cu-rious and examine evidence while at the same time, discourage them from insulating themselves from opposing views. It is admi-rable and critical at a time when many stu-dents and activists refuse to hear both sides of an argument. The university is not the place for the incurious! As a graduate student, your professors ex-pected more from your writing, presen-tations and papers. In turn, you had to en-sure your work and arguments were backed up with facts, not opinions. Since the beginning of this Congressional session, the House Ways and Means Com-mittee, of which I am the leading Democrat, has been at the heart of almost every major public policy debate about issues that di-rectly impact our nation’s economy, includ-ing: health care, tax, trade, and Social Secu-rity. My Committee colleagues on both sides of the aisle rely on facts and ensure we take time to listen to both sides of each argu-ment. And like me, my colleagues think it is important to talk in complete sentences and give thought to something before we say anything. There is very little substantive thought and analysis that can be done in 140 characters or less. Thanks to the education I received at Uni-versity of Hartford and the support of its great faculty members, it taught me to think critically and prepared me to be the new Ranking Member of the Ways and Means Committee. As a child who was raised by my aunt and grandmother on Social Security Survivor Benefits, the fact that I am stand-ing here today having accomplished as much as I have is in due part to the great edu-cation I received throughout my lifetime. As you move forward in your careers or to-ward your next degree, it is imperative you keep a critical eye on facts. Because today more than ever, facts should count. And not be seen as decorations to clever arguments. Unfortunately, today facts are hazy or simply non-existent. The 24 hour news cycle creates a constant race to get news out be-fore anyone else. And often, facts are cast aside and ‘‘infotainment’’ takes over—entertainment is more and more disguised as news. News should not be entertaining, especially in to-day’s political environment. Opinions draw ratings and provide a ripe environment for fake news to thrive. Merriam Webster Dictionary is headquartered in Springfield, Massachusetts. They have become the referee in this new- aged news cycle-having to point out what words are being used correctly and when they simply are not. Who would have ever thought ‘‘bigly’’ would become part of our political vernacular? Fake news is not based on fact, instead re-flects the ‘‘only if you agree with me’’ men-tality. This is a dangerous precedent. As we saw at Middlebury and Berkley earlier this year, the social media mob can disrupt a campus. It reflects the common misperception that you are entitled to your own set of opinions, but not your own set of facts. The university must remain the cita-del of free speech and thought. A former Clinton official recently said UC Berkley made a ‘‘grave mistake’’ when they originally cancelled an appearance earlier this year by a conservative commentator. These two people agree on almost nothing, but both fiercely defend the first amend-ment. Why? Because cancelling events like this sets the stage for a slippery slope to-wards dismantling the first amendment. A similar situation happened at Middlebury— student backlash in response to a conserv-ative speaker sparked violence and other in-appropriate behavior. Men and women in masks are inimical to representative democ-racy. This goes to exactly what I am talking about. Cancelling events like this lacerate the first amendment. Many students like free speech—but only if they agree with the issue. When our founding fathers wrote the constitution, they didn’t include an asterisk next to the first amendment that said ‘‘ex-cept if I don’t agree with you.’’ Students could have had an opportunity to hear a view different than their own, and used the expe-rience to further develop and challenge their own fact based analytical thinking. Biased news does not benefit anyone. In-stead, it creates a toxic environment that breeds misinformation, anger, paranoia and stifles compromise and dialogue. My staff knows not to even ask me if I will go on cable TV shows because the answer is always no. It is guaranteed to be filled with inflammatory language that is more focused on finding conflict than understanding the facts. It becomes incoherent! Experience informs our judgement. It is critical for students to engage with people with whom you don’t agree. It shapes your experience and ultimately your judgement. That’s how I informed myself. I read articles and publications that may not agree with my opinion. I talk to those across the aisle. I meet and listen to constituents from all walks of life. And I always leave knowing more than I did when I walked in. It’s all about broadening your scope. Democracy is supposed to be noisy. Backlash at Berkley and Middlebury both point to how the first amendment is put at risk—those who think free speech is fine and safe until they are offended and in turn refuse to hear or even allow other opinions to have the opportunity to share their side of the story. The first amendment is the cor-nerstone of our constitutional system—the first amendment guarantees a second opin-ion. How did we get here? Well one reason is the passage of time. I am a child of the 1960s. Younger people played a critical role in the civil rights movement and were focused on ending discrimination. As time has passed and the central figures of the 1960’s have aged, the younger generation and organiza-tions that have historically focused on civil rights have readjusted their focus to eco-nomic justice. While not to belittle economic justice, unfortunately, free speech and non-partisanship have fallen by the wayside. How do we get back to a place where free speech is not only protected and guaranteed, but can flourish? One simple, important first step: listen. I was recently asked how I en-gage with younger people. The answer was easy—the same way I engage with anyone— I listen. Today, we talk too much and don’t listen enough. We care more about our phones and posting information rather than listening. So much can be gained from lis-tening—it generates thoughtful discussion, shows you care, expands your horizon, and often leads to new ideas and compromise. I am certainly not saying this is easy. It’s uncomfortable, but ultimately, it is an im-portant step to protect free speech. The clos-ing of the American mind is not helpful to growing democracy. Columnist and Harvard Professor Cass R. Sunstein put it well in a recent Boston Her-ald opinion piece. He talked about the en-ergy that goes into protests and encouraged students to think through how their actions and protests will ultimately help people rather than looking inward at college life. As complex as things are today, facts are more important than ever. I challenge you to expand your potential, engage with people with opposing views, and take time to exam-ine evidence to protect facts and discourage fake news. All of these actions ultimately protect the cornerstone of our democracy the first amendment. Thank you President Harrison, President- Designate Woodward and the entire Univer-sity of Hartford community. Congratulations on behalf of the United States of America. f 
TRIBUTE TO EILEEN DENNIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 28, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Eileen Dennis of Atlantic, Iowa on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Eileen was born on July 27, 1917. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Eileen’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the Internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Eileen has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.081 E28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1104 July 28, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ei-leen in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Eileen on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JY8.083 E28JYPT1
D860 Friday, July 28, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 4 p.m., on Monday, July 31, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 3525–3632; and 14 resolutions, H.J. Res. 116; H. Con. Res. 75, 76; and H. Res. 485–495 were introduced.
                            Pages H6571–80 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6580–82 
Reports Filed:Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 873, to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemo-rative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–264); H. Res. 442, resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide certain docu-ments in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to President Trump’s finan-cial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related information; adversely (H. Rept. 115–265); H.R. 95, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–266); H.R. 3262, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide edu-cational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–267); H.R. 2195, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for access of the Special Counsel to certain information, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–268); H. Res. 437, resolution of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the Presi-dent’s possession; adversely (H. Rept. 115–269); and H. Res. 447, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Home-land Security policies and activities relating to busi-nesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump; adversely (H. Rept. 115–270).
         Page H6571 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act: H.R. 95, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs;
                                                        Pages H6538–39 
Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Account-ability Act: H.R. 2772, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Vet-erans Affairs senior executive employees;
      Page H6540 
Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2017: H.R. 3262, amended, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide edu-cational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY7.REC D28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D861 July 28, 2017 
to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6540–43 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses.’’.
                                                                            Page H6543 
Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act: H.R. 873, to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemo-rative work in the District of Columbia. 
                                                                                    Pages H6543–47 
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018: The House passed H.R. 3180, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Re-tirement and Disability System, by a yea-and-nay vote of 380 yeas to 35 nays, Roll No. 437. 
                                                                      Pages H6528–31, H6547 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                  Page H6528 
H. Res. 481, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3180) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 224 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 436, after the previous question was ordered without ob-jection.
                                                                    Pages H6530–31 
Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Trans-parency Act: The House passed S. 114, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, by a yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 438. 
                                             Pages H6525–28, H6531–38, H6557–58 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute printed in H. Rept. 115–262 shall be considered as adopted.
                           Page H6525 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major medical facility leases, and for other purposes.’’.                         Page H6558 
H. Res. 480, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (S. 114) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was ordered without objection. 
                                                                                            Page H6525 
Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 371, as amended by Representative Royce, to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. 
                                                                                    Pages H6558–60 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, August 1st.
                Page H6568 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to continue in effect beyond August 1, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–59). 
                                                                                    Pages H6563–64 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H6523. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6556–57. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 2:41 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 31, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JY7.REC D28JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD862 July 28, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, July 31 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Ala-bama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Tuesday, August 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bacon, Don, Nebr., E1086, E1095 Barr, Andy, Ky., E1086 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1079 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1079 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1099 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1084 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1087 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1082, E1090, E1095, E1100 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1087 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1093 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1084, E1100 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1085, E1093, E1096, E1101 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1097 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E1091 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1077 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1082, E1089 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1090, E1100 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1092 Graves, Garret, La., E1096 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1081 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E1087 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1101 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1089 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1081 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1085, E1096 Katko, John, N.Y., E1082 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1079, E1083 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1100 Larson, John B., Conn., E1102 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1101 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1089 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1087, E1098 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1100 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1083, E1093, E1098 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1091 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1083, E1088, E1094, E1098 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1083 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1097 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1088 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1090 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1083, E1088, E1094, E1101 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1091, E1091, E1092 Schakowsky, Janice, Ill., E1095 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1081 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1080, E1082, E1084 Shea-Porter, Carol, N.H., E1080 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1081 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1086 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1089, E1099 Taylor, Scott, Va., E1081 Thompson, Glenn, Pa., E1089 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1085 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1096 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1091 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1086 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1093 Young, David, Iowa, E1082, E1086, E1088, E1090, E1093, E1094, E1096, E1099, E1103 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28JY7.REC D28JYPT1