Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9759 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2017 No. 201 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 11, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
36TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE EL MOZOTE MASSACRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, 36 years ago, nearly 1,000 men, women, and children were murdered by Salva-doran soldiers in El Mozote, El Sal-vador. It is considered one of the worst massacres in modern Latin American history. On December 2, I traveled to El Mozote with a delegation led by the Washington Office on Latin America. Four hours after leaving San Salvador, we arrived at El Mozote in the north-ern region of Morazan, near the border of Honduras. Three decades ago, El Mozote in-cluded about 20 houses on open ground around a square. Facing the square was a church and, behind it, a small build-ing known as the convent, used by the priest to change into his vestments when celebrating Mass. Nearby was a small schoolhouse. Our delegation sat in the town square with survivors and victims of the mas-sacre. We listened to their stories, shared prayers for their loss and suf-fering, toured the grounds where this atrocity took place, and visited memo-rials the community built to com-memorate and preserve this tragic his-tory. We also heard from lawyers from Cristosal, a U.S.-based NGO providing legal aid to the association of victims and survivors. On December 10, 1981, the Salvadoran Army brigade based in San Miguel and the Atlacatl Battalion, an elite infan-try unit based in San Salvador, arrived in El Mozote. Over the next 2 days, these troops methodically and vi-ciously murdered the town’s residents and those of nearby villages. On the morning of December 11, troops assembled the people in the town square. They separated the men from the women and children and locked them in separate groups in the church, the convent, and various houses. According to eyewitness ac-counts, they then interrogated, tor-tured, and executed the men at several different sites. Around noon, they began taking the women and girls in groups, separating them from their children and machine- gunning them after raping them. Many families were ordered to remain in their homes while soldiers set fire to their houses. Over 140 of the children—some, mere infants—were jammed into the convent next to the church. There, soldiers blocked the doors, aimed guns through the windows, and fired into the mass of children, murdering them all in cold blood. They then threw an incendiary bomb into the building, collapsing the roof and adobe walls. Mr. Speaker, I walked with members of the community to the site where the children were murdered. A garden cul-tivated in their memory blooms on the site where they perished. A mural on the side of the church facing the gar-den depicts tiny angels ascending to Heaven. Beneath the mural are plaques with the names and ages of the children killed so brutally. They range from zero to 16 years. Walking on such hal-lowed ground, I was deeply moved and outraged by the atrocity that took place there. In October 1990, the Salvadoran courts opened an investigation into the El Mozote case, and in January 1992, the civil war ended with peace accords signed between the Salvadoran Govern-ment and FMLN guerrillas. In Novem-ber 1992, the U.S. Truth Commission supervised exhumations of El Mozote remains by Argentine forensic experts, confirming that the stories told by the survivors were indeed true. Then every-thing was cut short when the Salva-doran Congress passed a sweeping am-nesty law in 1993. However, last year, in July 2016, the Salvadoran Supreme Court overturned the amnesty law as unconstitutional; and in October of 2016, a judge reopened the El Mozote case and began taking testimony, which continues today. Now, there are many reasons why we in Congress should be engaged in the search for justice in the El Mozote case. First, in the postwar period, the U.S. has supported a strong and inde-pendent judiciary in El Salvador, capa-ble of prosecuting corruption and human rights abuses. El Mozote is viewed as an exemplar case on whether this is possible to achieve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.000 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9760 December 11, 2017 
Second, in the 1980s, the United States armed, trained, and equipped the Salvadoran Armed Forces, in par-ticular, the army. At El Mozote, U.S. guns and bullets were used to massacre infants, children, women, and men. Third, the U.S. established and trained the Atlacatl Battalion. Osten-sibly an elite rapid reaction counterin-surgency force, it was a major actor in the mass murder at El Mozote. Nine years later, the unit also murdered six Jesuit priests and two women at the University of Central America in San Salvador. Finally, at the time of the massacre, the Salvadoran high command denied that it even happened. The U.S. Em-bassy and State Department echoed those denials and denigrated The Wash-ington Post and New York Times re-porters who traveled to El Mozote and published detailed stories about the massacre. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. should support the Salvadoran judge presiding over the El Mozote case and the Attorney General’s Office, including releasing all information in our military and intel-ligence files relevant to that period of the civil war. It would be a significant contribution to ending the culture of impunity in El Salvador. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing as we approach the end of the first session of this 115th Congress. You know well the contentiousness of this session. Look into the hearts of all the Members of this people’s House to discern the good will within. May the good will You find be rewarded with Your grace. May any contrary spirit be banished. In the days that come, help each Member to understand well and inter-pret positively, as they are able, the positions of those with whom they dis-agree. Grant to each the wisdom of Sol-omon and, to us all, the faith and con-fidence to know that no matter how difficult things appear to be, You con-tinue to walk with our Nation, as You have done for over two centuries. May all that is done in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. L
AMALFA led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, December 8, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Effective today, De-cember 8, 2017, at 12:00 noon ET, I hereby ten-der my resignation as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Arizona’s 8th Congressional District. Serving in the People’s House under God and the Constitution of the United States of America has been a true honor and privilege that I will deeply cherish throughout the re-mainder of my life. Most sincerely, T
RENT FRANKS , Member of Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, December 8, 2017. Hon. D
OUGDUCEY , Governor, State of Arizona, Phoenix, AZ. D
EAR GOVERNOR DUCEY : This letter is to notify you that I have submitted a letter to Speaker Paul Ryan tendering my resignation as a Member of the U.S. House of Represent-atives from Arizona’s 8th Congressional Dis-trict effective today, December 8, 2017 at 12:00 noon ET. Serving Arizona in the People’s House under God and the Constitution of the United States of America has been a true honor and privilege that I will deeply cherish throughout the remainder of my life. Most sincerely, T
RENT FRANKS , Member of Congress. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Franks), the whole num-ber of the House is 432. 
f 
MURDER IS NOT CAUSED BY GUNS, TRUCKS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, The Times and Democrat of Orangeburg, South Carolina, published a thoughtful editorial on November 21, entitled: ‘‘Murder is not caused by guns, trucks.’’ The editorial begins: ‘‘Every time violence hits close to home, the debate is renewed.’’ ‘‘. . . the Nation has been stunned by mass killings in Las Vegas, Texas, and New York City. In two of the incidents, guns were the weapon of terror. In New York—as has been the case in Europe in recent times—a truck was used to run over innocent people.’’ The editorial continues: ‘‘It is time to take a look beyond the surface issue such as weapons—and stop the blame game, says Marianne Clyde, a licensed therapist and expert in mental health in the workplace with more than 27 years of experience.’’ Clyde continues: ‘‘The world will change, not by overregulation, blam-ing, demonizing, but rather by one per-son at a time, taking personal respon-sibility for our thought processes and responses, creating an environment that creates unity and solutions that work.’’ The editorial concludes by noting that, ‘‘Clyde’s point is to have individ-uals look deeper and realize that her points back up the title of her writing: ‘Murder is not caused by guns or trucks, but by our thinking.’’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
RESTORING INTERNET FREEDOM ORDER (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on the issue of FCC Chairman Pai’s Restoring Internet Freedom Order. The narrative out there is that this decision by the FCC will destroy the internet as we know it. I am here to say that simply is not true. The inter-net was free and open before the Obama administration implemented heavy- handed regulations in 2015, and it will continue to be free and open after these confusing regulations are repealed. Chairman Pai’s plan would simply roll back these regulations that stifle innovation and broadband investment. There are over 4,000 internet providers in this Nation. Do we want more to join or not? From 1996 to 2015, a light-touch regu-latory approach to the internet pre-served the free market and private in-vestment soared to the tune of $1.5 tril-lion. This created the communications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.002 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9761 December 11, 2017 
infrastructure we have in the United States today and opened the door for entrepreneurs to make America’s internet economy the best in the world, not by using 1934 regulations that probably regulated telegraphs. This decision will not take away any-one’s privacy or hinder their access to the internet. Instead, it will stop the confusion between two governing bod-ies: the FCC trying to get in on the ac-tion of the Federal Trade Commission, which has always governed internet privacy. This levels the playing field and keeps competition, instead of the cen-sorship we are seeing on the internet by very few providers. I think this opens the door back up for these wrong-headed regulations of 2015, and gives us all more choices. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled joint resolution was signed by the Speaker on Thursday, December 7, 2017: H.J. Res. 123, making further con-tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 11, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 11, 2017, at 9:50 a.m.: That the Senate agrees to Conference with the House of Representatives H.R. 1. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. f 
CYBERSECURITY AND INFRA-STRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3359) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to authorize the Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3359 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new title: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security 
‘‘SEC. 2201. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘critical infrastructure in-formation’ has the meaning given such term in section 2215. ‘‘(2) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in section 2209. ‘‘(3) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .—The term ‘cybersecurity threat’ has the meaning given such term in paragraph (5) of section 102 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 6 U.S.C. 1501)). ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘Federal entity’ has the meaning given such term in paragraph (8) of section 102 of the Cybersecu-rity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 6 U.S.C. 1501)). ‘‘(5) N
ON-FEDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘non- Federal entity’ has the meaning given such term in paragraph (14) of section 102 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in divi-sion N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 6 U.S.C. 1501)). ‘‘(6) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘Sector-Specific Agency’ means a Federal de-partment or agency, designated by law or presidential directive, with responsibility for providing institutional knowledge and spe-cialized expertise of a sector, as well as lead-ing, facilitating, or supporting programs and associated activities of its designated crit-ical infrastructure sector in the all hazards environment in coordination with the De-partment. ‘‘(7) S
HARING .—The term ‘sharing’ has the meaning given such term in section 2209. ‘‘(8) N
ATIONAL CYBERSECURITY ASSET RE -
SPONSE ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘national cy-bersecurity asset response activities’ means— ‘‘(A) furnishing cybersecurity technical as-sistance to entities affected by cybersecurity risks to protect assets, mitigate vulnerabilities, and reduce impacts of cyber incidents; ‘‘(B) identifying other entities that may be at risk of an incident and assessing risk to the same or similar vulnerabilities; ‘‘(C) assessing potential cybersecurity risks to a sector or region, including poten-tial cascading effects, and developing courses of action to mitigate such risks; ‘‘(D) facilitating information sharing and operational coordination with threat re-sponse; and ‘‘(E) providing guidance on how best to uti-lize Federal resources and capabilities in a timely, effective manner to speed recovery from cybersecurity risks. ‘‘SEC. 2202. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
‘‘(a) R EDESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department shall, on and after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, be known as the ‘Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency’ (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Agency’). ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate of the Department in any law, regula-tion, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall be headed by a Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security (in this subtitle re-ferred to as the ‘Director’), who shall report to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to an Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecu-rity, and any other related program of the Department as described in section 103(a)(1)(H) as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this subtitle in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security of the Department. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) lead cybersecurity and critical infra-structure security programs, operations, and associated policy for the Agency, including national cybersecurity asset response activi-ties; ‘‘(2) coordinate with Federal entities, in-cluding Sector-Specific Agencies, and non- Federal entities, including international en-tities, to carry out the cybersecurity and critical infrastructure activities of the Agen-cy, as appropriate; ‘‘(3) carry out the Secretary’s responsibil-ities to secure Federal information and in-formation systems consistent with law, in-cluding subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–113)); ‘‘(4) coordinate a national effort to secure and protect against critical infrastructure risks, consistent with subsection (e)(1)(E); ‘‘(5) upon request provide analyses, exper-tise, and other technical assistance to crit-ical infrastructure owners and operators and, where appropriate, provide such analyses, ex-pertise, and other technical assistance in co-ordination with Sector-Specific Agencies and other Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(6) develop and utilize mechanisms for ac-tive and frequent collaboration between the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.005 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9762 December 11, 2017 
Agency and Sector-Specific Agencies to en-sure appropriate coordination, situational awareness, and communications with Sector- Specific Agencies; ‘‘(7) maintain and utilize mechanisms for the regular and ongoing consultation and collaboration among the Agency’s Divisions to further operational coordination, inte-grated situational awareness, and improved integration across the Agency in accordance with this Act; ‘‘(8) develop, coordinate, and implement— ‘‘(A) comprehensive strategic plans for the activities of the Agency; and ‘‘(B) risk assessments by and for the Agen-cy; ‘‘(9) carry out emergency communications responsibilities, in accordance with title XVIII; ‘‘(10) carry out cybersecurity, infrastruc-ture security, and emergency communica-tions stakeholder outreach and engagement and coordinate such outreach and engage-ment with critical infrastructure Sector- Specific Agencies, as appropriate; and ‘‘(11) carry out such other duties and pow-ers prescribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the Agency a Deputy Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security who shall— ‘‘(1) assist the Director in the management of the Agency; and ‘‘(2) report to the Director. ‘‘(e) C
YBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE  S
ECURITY AUTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The responsibilities of the Secretary relating to cybersecurity and infrastructure security shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To access, receive, and analyze law enforcement information, intelligence infor-mation, and other information from Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies (includ-ing law enforcement agencies), and private sector entities, and to integrate such infor-mation, in support of the mission respon-sibilities of the Department, in order to— ‘‘(i) identify and assess the nature and scope of terrorist threats to the homeland; ‘‘(ii) detect and identify threats of ter-rorism against the United States; and ‘‘(iii) understand such threats in light of actual and potential vulnerabilities of the homeland. ‘‘(B) To carry out comprehensive assess-ments of the vulnerabilities of the key re-sources and critical infrastructure of the United States, including the performance of risk assessments to determine the risks posed by particular types of terrorist attacks within the United States (including an as-sessment of the probability of success of such attacks and the feasibility and poten-tial efficacy of various countermeasures to such attacks). At the discretion of the Sec-retary, such assessments may be carried out in coordination with Sector-Specific Agen-cies. ‘‘(C) To integrate relevant information, analysis, and vulnerability assessments (re-gardless of whether such information, anal-ysis, or assessments are provided or produced by the Department) in order to make rec-ommendations, including prioritization, for protective and support measures by the De-partment, other Federal Government agen-cies, State, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernment agencies and authorities, the pri-vate sector, and other entities regarding ter-rorist and other threats to homeland secu-rity. ‘‘(D) To ensure, pursuant to section 202, the timely and efficient access by the Depart-ment to all information necessary to dis-charge the responsibilities under this title, including obtaining such information from other Federal Government agencies. ‘‘(E) To develop, in coordination with the Sector-Specific Agencies with available ex-pertise, a comprehensive national plan for securing the key resources and critical infra-structure of the United States, including power production, generation, and distribu-tion systems, information technology and telecommunications systems (including sat-ellites), electronic financial and property record storage and transmission systems, emergency communications systems, and the physical and technological assets that sup-port such systems. ‘‘(F) To recommend measures necessary to protect the key resources and critical infra-structure of the United States in coordina-tion with other Federal Government agen-cies, including Sector-Specific Agencies, and in cooperation with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authori-ties, the private sector, and other entities. ‘‘(G) To review, analyze, and make rec-ommendations for improvements to the poli-cies and procedures governing the sharing of information relating to homeland security within the Federal Government and between Federal Government agencies and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authorities. ‘‘(H) To disseminate, as appropriate, infor-mation analyzed by the Department within the Department, to other Federal Govern-ment agencies with responsibilities relating to homeland security, and to State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and private sector entities with such respon-sibilities in order to assist in the deterrence, prevention, preemption of, or response to, terrorist attacks against the United States. ‘‘(I) To consult with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and pri-vate sector entities to ensure appropriate ex-changes of information, including law en-forcement-related information, relating to threats of terrorism against the United States. ‘‘(J) To ensure that any material received pursuant to this Act is protected from unau-thorized disclosure and handled and used only for the performance of official duties. ‘‘(K) To request additional information from other Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies, and the private sector relat-ing to threats of terrorism in the United States, or relating to other areas of responsi-bility assigned by the Secretary, including the entry into cooperative agreements through the Secretary to obtain such infor-mation. ‘‘(L) To establish and utilize, in conjunc-tion with the chief information officer of the Department, a secure communications and information technology infrastructure, in-cluding data-mining and other advanced ana-lytical tools, in order to access, receive, and analyze data and information in furtherance of the responsibilities under this section, and to disseminate information acquired and analyzed by the Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(M) To coordinate training and other sup-port to the elements and personnel of the De-partment, other Federal Government agen-cies, and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies that provide informa-tion to the Department, or are consumers of information provided by the Department, in order to facilitate the identification and sharing of information revealed in their ordi-nary duties and the optimal utilization of in-formation received from the Department. ‘‘(N) To coordinate with Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agencies, and the private sector, as appro-priate. ‘‘(O) To exercise the authorities and over-sight of the functions, personnel, assets, and liabilities of those components transferred to the Department pursuant to section 201(g). ‘‘(P) To carry out the functions of the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center under section 2209. ‘‘(Q) To carry out requirements of the Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Stand-ards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammonium ni-trate established under subtitle J of title VIII. ‘‘(2) REALLOCATION .—The Secretary may reallocate within the Agency the functions specified in sections 2203(b) and 2204(b), con-sistent with the responsibilities provided in paragraph (1) of this subsection, upon certi-fying to and briefing the appropriate con-gressional committees, and making available to the public, at least 60 days prior to any such reallocation that such reallocation is necessary for carrying out the activities of the Agency. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the Agency with a staff of analysts hav-ing appropriate expertise and experience to assist the Agency in discharging its respon-sibilities under this section. ‘‘(B) P
RIVATE SECTOR ANALYSTS .—Analysts under this subsection may include analysts from the private sector. ‘‘(C) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—Analysts under this subsection shall possess security clearances appropriate for their work under this section. ‘‘(4) D
ETAIL OF PERSONNEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to assist the Agency in discharging its responsibilities under this section, personnel of the Federal agencies referred to in subparagraph (B) may be detailed to the Agency for the perform-ance of analytic functions and related duties. ‘‘(B) A
GENCIES SPECIFIED .—The Federal agencies referred to in subparagraph (A) are the following: ‘‘(i) The Department of State. ‘‘(ii) The Central Intelligence Agency. ‘‘(iii) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(iv) The National Security Agency. ‘‘(v) The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. ‘‘(vi) The Defense Intelligence Agency. ‘‘(vii) Sector-Specific Agencies. ‘‘(viii) Any other agency of the Federal Government that the President considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(C) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary and the head of an agency specified in subparagraph (B) may enter into agreements for the purpose of detailing personnel under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) B
ASIS.—The detail of personnel under this paragraph may be on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. ‘‘(f) C
OMPOSITION .—The Agency shall be composed of the following divisions: ‘‘(1) The Cybersecurity Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(2) The Infrastructure Security Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(3) The Emergency Communications Divi-sion under title XVIII, headed by an Assist-ant Director. ‘‘(g) C
O-LOCATION .—To the maximum ex-tent practicable, the Director shall examine the establishment of central locations in geographical regions with a significant Agency presence. When establishing such lo-cations, the Director shall coordinate with component heads and the Under Secretary for Management to co-locate or partner on any new real property leases, renewing any occupancy agreements for existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Fed-eral space or new construction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.004 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9763 December 11, 2017 
‘‘(h) P RIVACY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be a Privacy Officer of the Agency with primary responsi-bility for privacy policy and compliance for the Agency. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-ities of the Privacy Officer of the Agency shall include— ‘‘(A) assuring that the use of technologies by the Agency sustain, and do not erode, pri-vacy protections relating to the use, collec-tion, and disclosure of personal information; ‘‘(B) assuring that personal information contained in Privacy Act systems of records of the Agency is handled in full compliance with fair information practices as specified in the Privacy Act of 1974; ‘‘(C) evaluating legislative and regulatory proposals involving collection, use, and dis-closure of personal information by the Agen-cy; and ‘‘(D) conducting a privacy impact assess-ment of proposed rules of the Agency on the privacy of personal information, including the type of personal information collected and the number of people affected. ‘‘(i) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting in any manner the au-thority, existing on the day before the date of the enactment of this title, of any other component of the Department or any other Federal department or agency. 
‘‘SEC. 2203. CYBERSECURITY DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency a Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Cybersecu-rity Division shall be headed by an Assistant Director for Cybersecurity (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Assistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Assistant Director for Cyberse-curity. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the cybersecurity efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry out activities, at the direction of the Director, related to the security of Fed-eral information and Federal information systems consistent with law, including sub-chapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113)); ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms required under subsection (c)(7) of section 2202; and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY DIVI-SION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency an Infrastructure Security Divi-sion. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Infrastruc-ture Security Division shall be headed by an Assistant Director of Infrastructure Security (in this section referred to as the ‘Assistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) REFERENCE .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the As-sistant Director for Infrastructure Security. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the critical infrastructure secu-rity efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry, at the direction of the Director, the Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Standards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammonium nitrate established under subtitle J of title VIII or successor program; ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms required under subsection (c)(7) of section 2202; and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN POSITIONS .— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The individual serving as the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)) of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Direc-tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department on and after such date. (2) D
IRECTOR FOR EMERGENCY COMMUNICA -
TIONS .—The individual serving as the Direc-tor for Emergency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Emergency Communications of the Department on and after such date. (3) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CYBERSECU -
RITY AND COMMUNICATIONS .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Cyber-security and Communications on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Di-rector for Cybersecurity on and after such date. (4) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE SECURITY .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Infrastructure Security on and after such date. (c) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to— (1) the Office of Emergency Communica-tions in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Emergency Communications Division; and (2) the Director for Emergency Commu-nications in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Director for Emergency Com-munications. (d) O
VERSIGHT .—The Director of the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security shall provide to Congress, in accordance with the deadlines specified in paragraphs (1) and (2), information on the following: (1) Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a briefing on the activities of the Agency relating to the de-velopment and use of the mechanisms re-quired pursuant to section 2202(c)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section). (2) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a briefing on the activities of the Agency relating to its use and improvement of the mechanisms re-quired pursuant to section 2202(c)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and how such activities have impacted coordination, situa-tional awareness, and communications with Sector-Specific Agencies. (3) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the Agency’s mechanisms for regular and on-going consultation and collaboration, as re-quired pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section). (4) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the activities of the Agency’s consultation and collaboration mechanisms as required pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, and how such mechanisms have im-pacted operational coordination, situational awareness, and integration across the Agen-cy. (e) CYBER WORKFORCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to Congress a report detailing how the Agency is meeting legislative requirements under the Cybersecurity Workforce Assess-ment Act (Public Law 113–246) and the Home-land Security Cybersecurity Workforce As-sessment Act (enacted as section 4 of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014; Public Law 113–277) to address cyber work-force needs. (f) F
ACILITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security shall report to Congress on the most efficient and effective methods of consolidating Agency facilities, personnel, and programs to most effectively carry out the Agency’s mission. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO THE HOME-
LAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) in title I, by amending subparagraph (H) of section 103(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)) to read as follows: ‘‘(H) A Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (2) in title II (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.)— (A) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ AND INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (B) in the subtitle A heading, by striking ‘‘and Infrastructure Protection’’; (C) in section 201 (6 U.S.C. 121)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRA -
STRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and an Office of Infra-structure Protection’’; (iii) in subsection (b)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protec-tion’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘or the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection, as appro-priate’’; (v) in subsection (d)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRA -
STRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protection’’; (III) by striking paragraphs (5) and (6) and redesignating paragraphs (7) through (26) as paragraphs (5) through (24), respectively; (IV) by striking paragraph (23), as so redes-ignated; and (V) by redesignating paragraph (24), as so redesignated, as paragraph (23); (vi) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.004 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9764 December 11, 2017 
(vii) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; (D) in section 204 (6 U.S.C. 124a)— (i) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (E) in subparagraph (B) of section 210A(c)(2) (6 U.S.C. 124h(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Office of Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (F) by transferring section 210E (6 U.S.C. 124) to appear after section 2213 (as redesig-nated by subparagraph (H) of this paragraph) and redesignating such section 210E as sec-tion 2214; (G) in subtitle B, by redesignating sections 211 through 215 (6 U.S.C. 101 note through 134) as sections 2221 through 2225, respec-tively, and inserting such redesignated sec-tions, including the enumerator and heading of subtitle B (containing such redesignated sections), after section 2214, as redesignated by subparagraph (F) of this paragraph; and (H) by redesignating sections 223 through 230 (6 U.S.C. 143 through 151) as sections 2205 through 2213, respectively, and inserting such redesignated sections after section 2204, as added by this Act; (3) in title III, in paragraph (3) of section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182), by striking ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (4) in title V— (A) in section 514 (6 U.S.C. 321c), by— (i) striking subsection (b); and (ii) redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); (B) in section 523 (6 U.S.C. 321l)— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; and (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Assist-ant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; and (C) in section 524(a)(2)(B) (6 U.S.C. 321m(a)(2)(B)), in the matter preceding clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for In-frastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the Assistant Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Director’’; (5) in title VIII, in section 899B(a) (6 U.S.C. 488a(a)), by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such regulations shall be carried out by the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency.’’; (6) in title XVIII (6 U.S.C. 571 et seq.)— (A) in section 1801 (6 U.S.C. 571)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OF-
FICE OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS DIVI -
SION’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Division shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity Agency.’’; (iii) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) ASSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The head of the office shall be the Assistant Director for Emergency Communications. The Assistant Director shall report to the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. All decisions of the Assistant Direc-tor that entail the exercise of significant au-thority shall be subject to the approval of the Director.’’; (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assistant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (II) in paragraph (14), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) by redesignating paragraph (15) as paragraph (16); and (IV) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(15) fully participate in the mechanisms required under subsection (c)(7) of section 2202; and’’; (v) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘Assist-ant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; and (vi) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assist-ant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (B) in sections 1802 through 1805 (6 U.S.C. 575), by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (C) in section 1809 (6 U.S.C. 579)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Emergency Communications Divi-sion’’; and (D) in section 1810 (6 U.S.C. 580)— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of the Office of Emergency Communica-tions (referred to in this section as the ‘Di-rector’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for the Emergency Communications Division (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Director’)’’; (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director’’; (7) in title XXI (6 U.S.C. 621 et seq.)— (A) in section 2101 (6 U.S.C. 621)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (14) as paragraphs (5) through (15), respec-tively; and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency;’’; (B) in paragraph (1) of section 2102(a) (6 U.S.C. 622(a)), by inserting at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘Such Program shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2) of section 2104(c) (6 U.S.C. 624(c)), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastruc-ture protection, cybersecurity, and other re-lated programs of the Department appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency’’; and (8) in title XXII, as added by this Act— (A) in section 2205, as so redesignated, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under sec-tion 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity Agency’’; (B) in section 2206, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastruc-ture Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity Agency’’; (C) in section 2209, as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (ii) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘The Center shall be located in the Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security Agency. The head of the Center shall report to the Assistant Di-rector for Cybersecurity.’’; and (iii) in subsection (c)(11), by striking ‘‘Of-fice of Emergency Communications’’ and in-serting ‘‘Emergency Communications Divi-sion’’; (D) in section 2210, as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2225(5)’’; (E) in subsection (b)(2)(A) of section 2211, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; (F) in section 2212, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2225(5)’’; and (G) in section 2213, as so redesignated, in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’. (h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO TITLE 5, U
NITED STATES CODE.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretaries, Department of Homeland Security.’’ the following new item: ‘‘Director, Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency.’’. (i) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended— (1) in title II— (A) in the item relating to the title head-ing, by striking ‘‘AND INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION’’; (B) in the item relating to the heading of subtitle A, by striking ‘‘and Infrastructure Protection’’; (C) in the item relating to section 201, by striking ‘‘and Infrastructure Protection’’; (D) by striking the item relating to section 210E; (E) by striking the items relating to sub-title B of title II; and (F) by striking the items relating to sec-tion 223 through section 230; (2) in title XVIII, by amending the item re-lating to section 1801 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1801. Emergency Communications Di-vision.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security ‘‘Sec. 2201. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2202. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Sec. 2203. Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘Sec. 2204. Infrastructure Security Division. ‘‘Sec. 2205. Enhancement of Federal and non-Federal cybersecurity. ‘‘Sec. 2206. Net guard. ‘‘Sec. 2207. Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002. ‘‘Sec. 2208. Cybersecurity recruitment and retention. ‘‘Sec. 2209. National cybersecurity and com-munications integration center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.004 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9765 December 11, 2017 
‘‘Sec. 2210. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 2211. Cybersecurity strategy. ‘‘Sec. 2212. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 2213. Federal intrusion detection and prevention system. ‘‘Sec. 2214. National Asset Database. ‘‘Subtitle B—Critical Infrastructure Information ‘‘Sec. 2221. Short title. ‘‘Sec. 2222. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2223. Designation of critical infra-structure protection program. ‘‘Sec. 2224. Protection of voluntarily shared critical infrastructure informa-tion. ‘‘Sec. 2225. No private right of action.’’. 
SEC. 3. TRANSFER OF OTHER ENTITIES. 
(a) O FFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGE -
MENT .—The Office of Biometric Identity Management of the Department of Homeland Security located in the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act is hereby transferred to the Management Directorate of the Department. (b) F
EDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security is author-ized to transfer the Federal Protective Serv-ice, as authorized under section 1315 of title 40, United States Code, to any component, directorate, or other office of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that the Sec-retary determines appropriate. 
SEC. 4. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as— (1) conferring new authorities to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, including pro-grammatic, regulatory, or enforcement au-thorities, outside of the authorities in exist-ence on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act; (2) reducing or limiting the programmatic, regulatory, or enforcement authority vested in any other Federal agency by statute; or (3) affecting in any manner the authority, existing on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, of any other Federal agency or component of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 5. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act. Mr. Speaker, with each passing day, nation-states, hackers, and other cyber criminals are finding new ways to at-tack our cyber infrastructure and ex-pose new vulnerabilities. As technology has advanced, more and more Americans have become de-pendent on computer networks and in-formation technology, making every-one a potential victim. In September, we learned that Equifax had been successfully hacked and 145.5 million people were affected by this breach. Last month, it is re-ported that 57 million people who use Uber might have had their personal in-formation stolen in a cyber attack in 2016. These attacks are not just aimed at American consumers, however. Our for-eign adversaries are routinely engaging in cyber warfare as well. In 2015, hackers traced back to the Chinese Government accessed sensitive material from the Office of Personnel Management on 22 million persons’ se-curity clearances. Last year, Russia was caught trying to undermine our democratic process. These kinds of attacks are simply un-acceptable. We must not allow them to continue. Fortunately, we have prioritized cybersecurity issues at the Committee on Homeland Security over the last few years and have taken strong, bipartisan action. In 2014, com-mittee efforts resulted in the enact-ment of legislation that provided DHS expedited hiring authority, ensuring the DHS is assessing its cybersecurity workforce, and it clarified the Depart-ment’s role in the cybersecurity of Federal networks. In 2015, the Cybersecurity Act pro-vided liability protections for public- to-private and private-to-private cyber threat information sharing. While these are important actions, we need to do more, and today we have a chance to do just that. The legislation before us streamlines the infrastructure of the National Pro-tection and Programs Directorate and redesignates it as the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. This realignment will achieve the DHS’ goal of creating a stand-alone oper-ational organization, focusing on and elevating the vital cybersecurity mis-sion of the Department. This bill requires the appointment of a Director who is responsible for lead-ing cybersecurity and infrastructure programs and operations for the agen-cy, developing and utilizing mecha-nisms for active and frequent collabo-ration with sector-specific agencies, and coordinating and implementing comprehensive strategic plans and risk assessments for the agency. This action enjoys great support from the DHS. Less than two weeks ago, while addressing cybersecurity issues in testimony before our com-mittee, then-Acting Secretary Elaine Duke stated: ‘‘In the face of these dig-ital threats, it is a DHS priority to work with Congress on legislation that would focus our cybersecurity and crit-ical infrastructure mission at the NPPD.’’ Taking action today reaffirms that priority. Cybersecurity is an issue that tran-scends partisan politics. In light of the risk and potential consequence of cyber attacks, we must stand together and strengthen the security of digital America and the resilience of our cyber networks. I would like to thank the members of the Homeland Security Committee, Ranking Member THOMPSON , and the staff for all their hard work. I would also like to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee chairman, Mr. W
ALDEN ; the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee chairman, Mr. S
HUSTER ; and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee chair-man, Mr. G
OWDY , for their efforts to see this through. Mr. Speaker, this is another bipar-tisan example of how varied stake-holders can come together and draft and pass important legislation. It is an opportunity we have today to elevate the importance of cybersecurity at the Department of Homeland Security to achieve its goal of protecting the United States. I urge my colleagues to support this vital piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, December 8, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 3359, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017, so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. This is done with the understanding that the Committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek con-ferees on H.R. 3359 and expects your support when such a request is made. Please include a copy of this letter out-lining our mutual understanding with re-spect to H.R. 3359 in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, G
REGWARDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 7, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3359, the ‘‘Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.004 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9766 December 11, 2017 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, December 7, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 3359, the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency Act of 2017.’’ This bill would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security Agency of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and contains provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. As a result of your having consulted with me concerning the provisions of the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo consideration of the bill, so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 3359 at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation, and we will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of let-ters on this matter be included in the bill re-port filed by the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 7, 2017. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3359, the ‘‘Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego further con-sideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the con-ference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, December 7, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 3359, the Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security Agency Act of 2017. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure will forego ac-tion on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appoint-ment of conferees or to any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-tion. Further, this is conditional on our un-derstanding that mutually agreed upon changes to the legislation will be incor-porated into the bill prior to floor consider-ation. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdic-tional interest as well as the mutually agreed upon changes to be incorporated into the bill be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our un-derstanding. I look forward to working with the Com-mittee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincrerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 7, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3359, the ‘‘Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego further consid-eration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the con-ference committee. The Committee on Homeland Security will include mutually agreed upon changes to the legislation into the bill prior to floor consideration. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3359, the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3359 would make long-overdue organizational changes within the Department of Homeland Security’s National Protection and Programs Directorate, otherwise known as NPPD. I am a strong supporter of this meas-ure that seeks to empower the DHS to carry out one of its most important and difficult missions: helping Federal agencies and critical infrastructure owners and operators secure them-selves against physical and cyber at-tacks. Importantly, it would rename NPPD the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, or CISA, to better communicate its mission to stake-holders, agency partners, and the cyber talent the DHS needs to come work in the Federal Government. Now, make no mistake, these are not mere administrative or bureaucratic changes. H.R. 3359 would transform NPPD into an operational agency on par with the TSA or Customs and Bor-der Protection. It seems that, with each passing day, we learn of new ways adversaries and cyber criminals are looking to exploit the cyber weaknesses of Federal agen-cies and our Nation’s critical infra-structure. Last year, we found our-selves in uncharted territory when we learned that our electoral system was under attack by one of the world’s most sophisticated cyber actors: the Russian Government. Now, to respond to these evolving cyber threats, Congress has put its faith in the DHS; and, in turn, the DHS looks to NPPD, a small, under- resourced headquarters component es-tablished a decade ago to carry out a far more limited mission than the one it has today. Over the past few years, Congress has expanded NPPD’s cyber authorities and responsibilities without elevating NPPD’s standing commensurate with its growing mission. Further, as NPPD has gotten better at delivering cybersecurity assistance and other services to public and private sector partners, it has seen a surge in demand for its services. For example, in the wake of the Russian efforts to hack the 2016 Presidential election, State and local elected officials are now requesting DHS cybersecurity services. Secretaries of Homeland Security came to us during the Obama adminis-tration, and now under the Trump ad-ministration, to ask for our help in or-ganizing the Directorate into an oper-ational cybersecurity agency. It is time we grant this request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.006 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9767 December 11, 2017 
Reorganizing and rebranding NPPD should enhance the DHS’ standing with respect to its Federal and international peers, clarify its organizational mis-sion, and boost workforce morale. Our expectation is that, with higher moral and mission clarity, the DHS will be able to better compete with the private sector and Federal agencies, like the NSA and the CIA, for a short supply of talented cyber professionals. Finally, CISA will be in a better posi-tion to carry out its core cybersecurity and infrastructure protection activi-ties, like risk and vulnerability assess-ments for hospitals, banks, the elec-trical grid, and now election systems. We need NPPD to carry out these ac-tivities swiftly, effectively, and in a way that respects privacy and civil lib-erties; and we cannot expect it to work with one hand tied behind its back. This bill is the result of bipartisan negotiations, and I want to thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Chairman R
ATCLIFFE for their commitment to see this through and working collabo-ratively to get this done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Pro-tection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to take action on what I believe is the de-fining public policy challenge of our generation: the cybersecurity posture of the United States. We have seen cyber attacks hit every sector of our economy with devastating impacts to both government agencies and to the private sector alike. It is our duty to ensure that we are doing our very best to defend against the very real threats that our cyber adver-saries now pose. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is the Federal Government’s lead civilian agency for cybersecurity. Within it, the National Protection and Programs Directorate, or NPPD, leads our national effort to safeguard and to enhance the resilience of our Nation’s physical and cyber infrastructure, helping Federal agencies and, when re-quested, also helping the private sector to harden their networks and to re-spond to cybersecurity incidents. As the cyber threat landscape con-tinues to evolve, Mr. Speaker, so should the Department of Homeland Security. H.R. 3359 elevates the cyber-security and the infrastructure secu-rity missions of NPPD to strengthen the Federal Government’s ability to act and react to the changing threat landscape. The cybersecurity mission today is extremely challenging due to a number of factors: the ability of malicious ac-tors to operate from anywhere in the world now, the linkages between cyber-space and our physical systems, and the difficulty of reducing vulnerabili-ties and consequences in complex cyber networks. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Act of 2017 rises to this chal-lenge and prioritizes the Department of Homeland Security’s vital role in cyberspace. By authorizing the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency within the DHS, this bill estab-lishes the structure, the nomenclature, and the flexibility to best serve the American people. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency will be structured to best work with partners at all levels of government, from the private and the nonprofit sectors, to share information and to build greater trust in order to make our cyber and our physical infra-structure more secure. This bill provides the necessary over-arching structure and the interdepart-mental flexibility to best allow the DHS to execute its mission in both cy-bersecurity and the infrastructure se-curity space. Mr. Speaker, we consider this legisla-tion at a great time of transition and opportunity for the DHS. Just last week, Kirstjen Nielsen was sworn in as the Secretary of Homeland Security. In addition to an impressive record of public service, Secretary Nielsen brings unprecedented cybersecurity ex-perience and savvy to the agency, qualifications fitting the threat land-scape that she now inherits. b1645 We owe it to her and to the dedicated women and men working alongside her to ensure that DHS has the proper or-ganization and resources to carry out its mission as the lead civilian cyberse-curity agency in our Federal Govern-ment. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man M
CCAULfor his leadership and his dogged determination in this effort and getting this bill to the floor, as well as the other committees of jurisdiction who worked closely to craft this com-promise. Mr. Speaker, the cybersecurity chal-lenges we face are about more than protecting bottom lines or intellectual property or even our Nation’s most sensitive classified information. Ulti-mately, our obligation as lawmakers to be protective cybersecurity stewards stems from a fundamental obligation to safeguard the American people. This is what we aim to do with this legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3359, of which I am a proud cosponsor. This bill provides an updated frame-work to reorganize and grant addi-tional authorities to the Department of Homeland Security’s cybersecurity and infrastructure protection missions. Currently, the National Protection and Programs Directorate has respon-sibility for overseeing the Depart-ment’s cyber roles; and while DHS has come a long way since inception in 2002, the rapid adaptation of threats in cyberspace demands that we continue to look for ways to evolve and demands that we who oversee this are more nim-ble and that we can adapt accordingly and keep outpacing our adversaries. As we have seen, Russia, China, Iran, and various nonstate actors have all demonstrated a willingness to pene-trate American networks. We have had high-ranking military officials in our military claim that we are already outgunned in cyberspace right now, and it is up to us to sound the alarm and make sure that we are staying ahead of our adversaries. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be part of that effort. I salute the chairman; and, given the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s central role in protecting the Federal Government’s civilian net-works, it is imperative that Congress, through its oversight role, ensures that the men and women at DHS have all the legal authorities they need to carry out this mission. Mr. Speaker, this bill has been a pri-ority of the Homeland Security Com-mittee for several years, and I want to acknowledge the chairman for his con-tinued leadership on this issue. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3359, the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency Act of 2017, au-thored by my colleague, Homeland Se-curity Committee Chairman M
CCAUL. I am an original cosponsor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, America faces a new, emerging peril: threats to our cyber systems and networks. This bill calls for the authorization of a designated cybersecurity agency within DHS by retasking the National Protection and Programs Directorate as the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency. This change will allow DHS to provide specific focus on the ever-in-creasing cyber threats that face our Nation. This bill will help to ensure that the United States can respond to any attack against our Nation’s cyber assets. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
CCAUL for his work on crafting this important piece of legislation, and I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support its passage. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3359 has broad sup-port on both sides of the aisle. We talk a lot about the need to harden our cyber defenses against an evolving array of virtual threats. Reor-ganizing and rebranding NPPD as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.010 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9768 December 11, 2017 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity Agency has the potential of en-hancing DHS’ cybersecurity capacity, boosting morale, and bringing its crit-ical infrastructure protection work-force together in an unprecedented way. As an operational agency, CISA will be positioned to foster better collabo-ration between the cyber and physical sides of the house, bringing its cyberse-curity analysts together with chemical inspectors, protective security advis-ers, emergency communication special-ists, and Federal Protective Service of-ficers for a more holistic approach to critical infrastructure protection. Mr. Speaker, mapping out a new agency is a complicated task, but this measure is long overdue. I urge my col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I cannot go into the classified space in this setting, but I can tell you that our foreign adver-saries are looking to hurt us and hit us every day, whether it be from Russia, from China, from Iran, from North Korea. The attacks have targeted Home Depot, Sony, Equifax, 20 million security clearances stolen, to other re-ports that I can’t even get into. But it is a serious threat. When people ask me what keeps me up at night, of course ISIS does and of course al Qaida does. What happened today in New York, I was just there this morning when the bomb went off. But a cyber attack could bring down our power grid, could bring down our stock market, our financial institu-tions, our energy sector. A major cyber attack on this Nation could cripple this Nation and its economy and the lives of the people in the United States. Mr. Speaker, that is why this bill is so important, to elevate the civilian agen-cy within the Department, to form a single agency that deals with cyberse-curity. I am very proud of the work my col-leagues have done to get to this point. I have been, as Mr. R
ATCLIFFE said, very dogged in my determination, and I would urge that the Senate take up this measure because we cannot afford to delay because the threat is that great. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for their dedication to im-proving our cybersecurity posture. Since the Chairman and I founded the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus together nearly a dec-ade ago, I have come to firmly believe that cy-bersecurity is the national and economic secu-rity challenge of the 21st Century, and both Congress and the executive branch must take steps to recognize and mitigate the risks we face in our hyper-connected society. Thanks to the leadership of the Chairman and Rank-ing Member, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity has consistently been at the forefront on these issues, and while much remains to be done, we are worlds away from when I origi-nally took the cyber subcommittee gavel in 2007. The bill we have before us today is a testament to those efforts, and I strongly sup-port this latest iteration of CISA to reorganize the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate (NPPD) and enhance the capabilities and the profile of DHS’s cybersecurity activi-ties. As one of its core missions, DHS is charged with helping Federal agencies and critical in-frastructure owners and operators secure themselves against physical and cyber at-tacks. For the past decade, that mission has been carried out by NPPD, a small head-quarters component of the Department. Since its establishment, NPPD’s role in defending the nation and the .gov domain from cyber in-trusions has grown in concert with the increas-ing threat to our networks. It’s a growth that the Committee—and the Congress as a whole—has recognized and encouraged, with the passage of laws includ-ing the National Cybersecurity Protection Act of 2014, which authorized the National Cyber-security and Communications Integration Cen-ter, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015, which made NPPD the federal government’s primary hub for cyber threat indicator sharing. Today, NPPD is home to two of the premiere com-puter security incident response teams in the world and has been recognized as the whole- of-government asset response lead in the Na-tional Cyber Incident Response Plan. It also continues to lead efforts in protecting federal networks through the Federal Network Resil-ience Division, which assists other agencies with risk management, guides enterprise secu-rity policy, and implements programs like Con-tinuous Diagnostics and Mitigation and EIN-STEIN. NPPD is clearly acting in an operational ca-pacity today, but despite this fact, Congress has not yet elevated NPPD’s standing to be commensurate with these added responsibil-ities. H.R. 3359 acknowledges the evolution of the component by transforming NPPD into an operational agency on par with TSA or Cus-toms and Border Protection. As part of the re-organization, NPPD will be renamed the ‘‘Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy,’’ or CISA, to accurately reflect its role. This restructuring was the top legislative pri-ority of DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson before he left office, and I am grateful that Secretary Kelly took up the mantle in the new Adminis-tration. Bringing clarity with the new agency struc-ture also stands to benefit the many cyber de-fenders working tirelessly at the Department to keep us safe. I have often said that all of the risk mitigation policies and intrusion detection systems in the world are nothing without a skilled workforce. Congress and the Depart-ment have been working jointly to reduce the shortage of cybersecurity analysts at NPPD, and it is my hope that an empowered Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency will be able to compete for the best cyber talent. After all, what mission is more exciting than protecting your fellow Americans from the canniest of adversaries attempting to do us harm in this new domain? I hope that all of the young people considering a career in this emerging field—young people like the brilliant CyberCorps students I enjoy speaking with— will look at Congress’s support for DHS’s cy-bersecurity work and jump at the opportunity to be in the vanguard at this new agency. Mr. Speaker, I also want to speak about the important clarity H.R. 3359 brings to a broader policy debate that has been kicking around Washington, DC, for some time now. I serve on the House Armed Services Com-mittee, where I am privileged to act as Rank-ing Member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. In this role, I oversee United States Cyber Command, and I have the utmost respect for the service members in uniform defending our country in the digital do-main. I have also had the privilege to serve on the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, where I heard weekly about the all- too-often unsung heroes of our Intelligence Community and their efforts to protect our na-tional interests in cyberspace. I say this, Mr. Speaker, because I want to be clear that I have a deep understanding of and appreciation for our military and intel-ligence services’ cybersecurity prowess. But I also believe that the powers and au-thorities of those entities are rightly con-strained when it comes to domestic activities. Protecting our domestic cyber assets in peacetime needs to be the responsibility of a civilian organization, and that organization is the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency created under this bill. We saw this debate play out during consideration of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, where it was also decided in favor of a civilian hub, the NCCIC that is at the heart of NPPD. I hope passage of H.R. 3359 will help move the debate on from where authorities should be housed and instead focus on the operationalization of said authorities. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned at the outset, this bill owes its existence to the collaborative efforts of Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON . But it also reflects the bi-partisan spirit of two of my good friends who head the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. R
ICHMOND . And, like any effort of this body, it owes a great deal to the staff who work tirelessly behind the scenes supporting our efforts. In particular, I would like to Kirsten Duncan and Moira Bergin, the Majority and Minority staff directors for the Cyber Sub-committee for helping to get this bill to the Floor. And I would also like to thank their predecessors, Brett DeWitt and Chris Schepis, for laying the groundwork for its consideration this Congress. This bill is important. It’s bipartisan. And it’s overdue. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important measure, and I hope the Senate moves swiftly to pass it through their Chamber. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3359, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.012 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9769 December 11, 2017 
SECURING GENERAL AVIATION AND COMMERCIAL CHARTER AIR CARRIER SERVICE ACT OF 2017 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3669) to improve and stream-line security procedures related to gen-eral aviation and commercial charter air carrier utilizing risk-based security standards, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3669 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. WEB-BASED SECURE FLIGHT COST AND FEASIBILITY STUDY. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall conduct a study to deter-mine the cost and feasibility of establishing web-based access to Secure Flight for com-mercial charter air carriers. 
SEC. 3. SCREENING IN AREAS OTHER THAN PAS-SENGER TERMINALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration is authorized to provide screening services to a commercial charter air carrier in areas other than primary passenger terminals of airports upon the request of such carrier. (b) R
EQUEST .—A commercial charter air carrier that wants screening services to be provided to such carrier in an area other than a primary passenger terminal shall re-quest the Federal Security Director for the airport at which such services are requested. (c) A
VAILABILITY .—A Federal Security Di-rector may elect to provide screening serv-ices under this section if such services are available. (d) A
GREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall enter into an agreement with a com-mercial charter air carrier for compensation from such carrier requesting the use of screening services under this section for all reasonable costs in addition to overtime costs that are incurred in the provision of such services. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—Any compensation re-ceived by the Transportation Security Ad-ministration pursuant to an agreement under this subsection shall be credited to the account used in connection with the provi-sion of the screening services that are the subject of such agreement, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON GENERAL AVIATION SECU-RITY AND SELECT AVIATION SECU-RITY TOPICS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, in consultation with the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee, shall, consistent with the requirements of para-graphs (6) and (7) of section 44946(b) of title 49, United States Code, submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an implementation plan, including an implementation schedule, for any of the fol-lowing recommendations that were adopted by the Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee and with which the Administrator has concurred before the date of the enact-ment of this Act: (1) The recommendation regarding general aviation access to Ronald Reagan Wash-ington National Airport, as adopted on Feb-ruary 17, 2015. (2) The recommendation regarding the vet-ting of persons seeking flight training in the United States, as adopted on July 28, 2016. (3) Any other such recommendations rel-evant to the security of general aviation adopted before the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 5. DESIGNATED STAFFING FOR GENERAL AVIATION. 
The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration is authorized to designate not fewer than one full time em-ployee of the Administration to be respon-sible for engagement with general aviation stakeholders and manage issues related to general aviation. 
SEC. 6. SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, in consultation with the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee, shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the feasibility of requiring security threat as-sessments for all candidates seeking flight school training in the operation of any air-craft having a maximum certificated takeoff weight of more than 12,500 pounds to further enhance the vetting of persons seeking such training in the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rial. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rep-resent the Fourth District of Kansas. My hometown, Wichita, Kansas, is proud to be known as The Air Capital of the World. Over 100 years ago, Clyde Cessna began manufacturing planes outside of Wichita. Since then, Wichita has grown to be the leading center for aviation manufacturing around the world. In fact, 67 percent of the world’s embed-ded general aviation fleet is manufac-tured in Kansas. We are proud of the work we do in Wichita, and general aviation has a good home in Kansas. I worked for many years in the gen-eral aviation industry as a process im-provement engineer. That is why I am putting forward this important piece of legislation that will help ensure gen-eral aviation remains safe and secure. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 3669, the Securing Gen-eral Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act. General aviation, which includes all noncommercial flights and commercial charters, accounts for nearly two- thirds of all towered operations in the United States. This does not account for the thousands of untowered oper-ations in the United States that are only served by the general aviation community. However, general aviation and com-mercial charter air service represent a small fraction of TSA’s stakeholder community, causing their issues and concerns to fall to the bottom of the agency’s priorities. This bill seeks to elevate some of these important but often overlooked security issues. The general aviation community has im-portant safety concerns that deserve to be heard and acted upon by TSA. Commercial charters are forced to use antiquated and unsecure systems to ensure their passengers’ safety. Cur-rently, the software needed to connect to TSA’s Secure Flight system for vet-ting passengers costs tens of thousands of dollars. Commercial airlines serving 21⁄2million passengers a day can easily adopt the software; However, smaller operators do not have the passenger volume to absorb the cost. Currently, TSA emails commercial charter operators large datasets in spreadsheet format that their opera-tors must then check against passenger manifests. This unsecure method pre-sents a serious security risk for this data, which could include sensitive per-sonal information. I have heard from commercial char-ter operators that access to the Secure Flight system is a top priority so that they can ensure the safety of the air-space and their passengers. TSA should explore creating a web-based program that these operators could access that would have realtime passenger vetting information and would prevent the un-intended distribution of sensitive secu-rity information. Currently, private charter air car-riers must use their own flight crews or private screening companies to screen passengers. In certain instances, these carriers would like to occasionally use on- or off-duty TSA agents to screen passengers due to the expertise and training that these agents possess. However, when private charters are performed on short notice, carriers are unable to bring off-duty TSA screeners into their own program due to certain FAA regulations. Language in this bill would allow private charters the flexi-bility to request and pay for this serv-ice without cost to the taxpayer. Additionally, the Aviation Security Advisory Committee has approved sev-eral recommendations regarding im-provements to security rules and regu-lations for general aviation and com-mercial charter air carrier programs. These important recommendations have yet to be implemented by TSA. This legislation requires TSA to de-velop an implementation plan and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.013 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9770 December 11, 2017 
timeline in which to execute these out-standing recommendations. The final issue this bill addresses is a lack of a full-time subject matter ex-pert at TSA to interact with general aviation stakeholders and handle gen-eral aviation security issues. The in-dustry has been forced to rely on indi-viduals who are often given this port-folio temporarily and struggles to find a reliable point of contact for matters that arise. This bill authorizes the ap-pointment of a full-time employee to handle this portfolio, thus giving the industry a knowledgeable and reliable liaison with TSA. General aviation and the commercial air charter industry are important components of the aviation commu-nity. I believe that their important safety concerns deserve to be heard and acted upon by TSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his help and assistance. I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3669, the Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, general aviation flights, such as those that fly out of Compton/ Woodley Airport in my district, are in-tegral to our Nation’s aviation system. The Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Serv-ice Act of 2017 seeks to improve and streamline security measures for gen-eral aviation and commercial charter air carriers. Importantly, H.R. 3669 in-corporates two key Democratic amend-ments that were adopted with bipar-tisan support. b1700 First, an amendment from the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SON COLEMAN ) ensures that the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee can continue to operate independently and clarifies that the TSA Administrator retains the authority to make security decisions. As amended, the bill would drive TSA to move swiftly to act upon rec-ommendations, with which it concurs, that the TSA’s advisory committee issued regarding general aviation secu-rity. Secondly, the bill incorporates an amendment by Representative B
ENNIE  T
HOMPSON , our ranking member, to re-quire TSA to conduct a feasibility study of requiring security threat as-sessments for all candidates seeking flight school training to operate large aircraft. Such a study would help in-form our efforts in Congress to push TSA towards more effective and com-prehensive vetting of flight students. Under current TSA procedures, a stu-dent seeking flight training on aircraft weighing more than 12,500 pounds is not always vetted against the terrorist watch list prior to the commencement of such training. Sixteen years after 9/ 11 attacks, more must be done to block security loopholes that were exploited by the 9/11 hijackers. Making sure that anyone who wishes to pilot a large plane is subject to the same level of vetting that a passenger who boards the plane would receive is common sense. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House col-leagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3669, the Secur-ing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017, which has been championed by my good friend and colleague, Mr. E
STES. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, I appreciate the significant secu-rity challenges facing all modes of America’s transportation systems, in-cluding the often overlooked general aviation and commercial charter sec-tors. As we saw this morning with the ter-rorist attack in New York City against a surface transportation hub, large commercial airliners are not the only target on terrorists’ minds, and we must not allow ourselves to be neg-ligent towards the security of all sec-tors of transportation security. During his short time in Congress, Congressman E
STES has quickly be-come one of the most forward-leaning members of the Homeland Security Committee on issues relating to avia-tion security. Mr. E
STES’ legislation will make significant strides in closing security vulnerabilities in general aviation’s ability to screen and vet pas-sengers and crew, while better pro-tecting individuals’ personally identifi-able information from potential exploi-tation. Additionally, this bill will hold the Transportation Security Administra-tion accountable to important security recommendations from the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, includ-ing those relating to the security vet-ting for flight school applicants in the United States. This bill will ensure that the general aviation community, which is often overlooked by TSA, will have a voice within the agency by requiring TSA to designate personnel to be responsible for stakeholder engagement within the general aviation community. Mr. Speaker, I was honored to have Representative E
STES join me and other bipartisan colleagues on a recent congressional delegation to the Middle East and Europe where we examined a number of aviation security threats and mitigation efforts. Our delegation, combined with our continuous over-sight efforts at home, have provided with us a stark, firsthand under-standing of the security vulnerabilities facing our Nation’s aviation systems. Because of this, I am extremely pleased that Mr. E
STES’ bill is being considered here before the House today. I urge my colleagues to support the bill and our efforts to improve the security of American aviation. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3669, is a sensible piece of legislation that seeks to en-sure general aviation transportation in our country is secure. H.R. 3669 in-cludes language which passed the House in a bipartisan fashion as part of the Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act to ensure available TSA resources can be used to assist in securing commercial charter flights. The bill also incorporates Demo-cratic amendments to ensure the inde-pendence of the ASAC and to push TSA to study flight school student vetting. While large commercial aircraft oper-ations receive the majority of TSA’s attention and resources, we must not ignore the damage that could be in-flicted by a terrorist attack on a gen-eral aviation flight. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 3669, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3669, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUS-TOMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2706) to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2706 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPOSIT ACCOUNT TERMINATION REQUESTS AND OR-DERS. 
(a) T ERMINATION REQUESTS OR ORDERS  M
USTBEVALID.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.014 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9771 December 11, 2017 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or infor-mally request or order a depository institu-tion to terminate a specific customer ac-count or group of customer accounts or to otherwise restrict or discourage a depository institution from entering into or maintain-ing a banking relationship with a specific customer or group of customers unless— (A) the agency has a valid reason for such request or order; and (B) such reason is not based solely on rep-utation risk. (2) T
REATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency believes a specific customer or group of customers is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity which— (A) poses a threat to national security; (B) is involved in terrorist financing; (C) is an agency of the Government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list; (D) is located in, or is subject to the juris-diction of, any country specified in subpara-graph (C); or (E) does business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), unless the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that the customer or group of customers has used due diligence to avoid doing business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), such belief shall satisfy the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally re-quests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the agency shall— (A) provide such request or order to the in-stitution in writing; and (B) accompany such request or order with a written justification for why such termi-nation is needed, including any specific laws or regulations the agency believes are being violated by the customer or group of cus-tomers, if any. (2) J
USTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A jus- tification described under paragraph (1)(B) may not be based solely on the reputation risk to the depository institution. (c) C
USTOMER NOTICE .— (1) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided under paragraph (2) or as otherwise prohib-ited from being disclosed by law, if an appro-priate Federal banking agency orders a de-pository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer ac-counts, the depository institution shall in-form the specific customer or group of cus-tomers of the justification for the customer’s account termination described under sub-section (b). (2) N
OTICE PROHIBITED .— (A) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NA -
TIONAL SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency requests or orders a deposi-tory institution to terminate a specific cus-tomer account or a group of customer ac-counts based on a belief that the customer or customers pose a threat to national security, or are otherwise described under subsection (a)(2), neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer or customers of the jus-tification for the customer’s account termi-nation. (B) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN OTHER CASES .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency de-termines that the notice required under paragraph (1) may interfere with an author-ized criminal investigation, neither the de-pository institution nor the appropriate Fed-eral banking agency may inform the specific customer or group of customers of the jus-tification for the customer’s account termi-nation. (d) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appro-priate Federal banking agency shall issue an annual report to the Congress stating— (1) the aggregate number of specific cus-tomer accounts that the agency requested or ordered a depository institution to termi-nate during the previous year; and (2) the legal authority on which the agency relied in making such requests and orders and the frequency on which the agency relied on each such authority. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ means— (A) the appropriate Federal banking agen-cy, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) the National Credit Union Administra-tion, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘depository institution’’ means— (A) a depository institution, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) an insured credit union. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today the House will consider an amended version of H.R. 2706, the Financial Institution Cus-tomer Protection Act, legislation I in-troduced in an effort to provide greater transparency and accountability among banking regulators. Over the past few years, members of the Financial Services Committee and others in the House have expressed bi-partisan concern surrounding Oper-ation Choke Point, the Department of Justice and FDIC-led initiative that sought to separate legal businesses from financial services they need to survive. People may think Operation Choke Point is limited to payday lenders or the banks serving them, but it is not. This initiative has spread to many in-dustries, including tobacco shops, pawn brokers, ATM operators, even amuse-ment gaming companies, to name just a few. Even attorneys and third parties that serve these industries have been impacted. The underlying problem here is sig-nificant. The Federal Government should not be able to intimidate finan-cial institutions into dropping entire sectors of the economy as customers, based not on risk or evidence of wrong-doing, but purely on personal and polit-ical motivations. This type of program sets an incred-ibly dangerous precedent that shouldn’t be permitted under any Pres-idential administration. There needs to be a process in place to ensure that the banking regulators have the ability to pursue bad actors, but not to puni-tively target specific businesses or products that operate and are offered within the confines of the law. This legislation offers a straight-forward approach to a complicated problem. It simply dictates that Fed-eral banking regulators cannot sug-gest, request, or order a financial insti-tution to terminate a banking relation-ship unless the regulator has material reason beyond reputational risk. It also puts in place the requirement that agency management sign off on any ac-count termination request or order. The provisions contained in H.R. 2706 are so reasonable, in fact, that the FDIC has already used its authority to put them in place. Effective 2015, agen-cy policy now requires supervisory staff to track and document account termination recommendations. Such recommendations must now be made in writing and not through informal sug-gestion. FDIC regional leadership must be made aware of any such rec-ommendation, and the basis for such recommendation cannot rely solely on reputational risk. The original bill would have also struck the word ‘‘affecting’’ in FIRREA and replaced it with ‘‘by’’ or ‘‘against.’’ I maintain that this modest change would have helped to ensure that broad interpretations of the law are limited and that the original intent of the statute, helping to penalize fraud against or by financial institu-tions, is restored. Attorney General Sessions an-nounced the end of Operation Choke Point earlier this year, and we have no-ticed a dramatic decline in FIRREA subpoenas resembling those seen dur-ing the height of the initiative. The issues with FIRREA still need to be ad-dressed, and while H.R. 2706 is not the opportunity to do that, I will continue to press for reasonable reforms and clarifications of the law. Within the banking agencies, these account termination requests are still a significant problem. Just last week, I had a meeting with an industry that has seen a rash of account termi-nations in Missouri, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, California, Texas, and Wisconsin, to just name a few of the States that have been affected. We have to restore order, Mr. Speaker. Our goal should be to have more individuals and businesses in banks, not forced from them. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleagues that the House has passed by a voice vote two appropriations amendments prohibiting funding for Operation Choke Point. Members from both sides of the aisle have written letters and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.011 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9772 December 11, 2017 
talked to regulators about the dangers of such a program. This is a very real issue and one that must be addressed. Again, I want to emphasize that it is essential that DOJ and financial regu-lators maintain the ability to pursue bad actors or anyone they think could be a bad actor. This amended version includes language offered by Ranking Member W
ATERS to ensure that cus-tomer account termination notices don’t interfere with ongoing criminal investigations. The checks and bal-ances in this legislation would help to ensure accountability among the regu-lators and would in no way hinder the ability of any executive branch agency from going after individuals or busi-nesses suspected of fraudulent activity. This legislation offers a responsible approach to curbing the malpractice we have seen in Operation Choke Point. I want to thank the many col-leagues who worked with me on this legislation, in particular, the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), Chairman H
ENSARLING , and Ranking Member W
ATERS for helping to get this considered on the suspension calendar today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), who has been a wonder-ful person to work with, and the many members of the committee on our side of the aisle, particularly Ranking Member W
ATERS and Mr. H ECK from Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Most impor-tantly, I want to express and extend my gratitude to the gentleman from Missouri. This has been a three-year journey for this particular legislation; not uncommon in this environment. But it was a difficult journey at times. At no step along the way did the gen-tleman from Missouri ever waiver from his commitment to working as collabo-ratively as possible, in a willingness to work to find a solution, and he did just that, and I thank him for that. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for her ef-forts, without which this bill would never even have made it to the floor. I do believe that this bill is stronger as a consequence of the amendments that we have made, the changes that we have made to it; most importantly, those changes that will ensure that we do not interfere with the important work of law enforcement. I have been very up-front about this. From my perspective, my interest in this bill grows out of my work on help-ing my State find ways to make sure our State-regulated marijuana busi-nesses have access to banking services so that we can avoid the public safety risks that arise from huge cash stock-piles building up at these businesses. Sadly, we have already seen these risks materialize. Before, on this floor, I had mentioned the name of Travis Mason, 23 years old, a Marine veteran, working as a security officer at a retail establishment for marijuana in Colo-rado, studying to become a law en-forcement officer, who was, a year ago last summer, shot dead by perpetrators who believed that there was a stockpile of cash behind those doors. b1715 Travis left behind a widow and, yes, three small children. He had a set of twins. So part of what this bill will help is that there be no more Travis Masons—no more Travis Masons. We are passing this bill, in fact, in part to prevent another tragedy like that. Now, Mr. LUETKEMEYER and I worked together with the FDIC to provide clar-ity to their banks, and I think the FDIC’s financial institutions letter of January 2015 was a key breakthrough for banks in Washington State and oth-ers. It simply said for banks worried about customer risks, like the Bank Secrecy Act and antimoney laun-dering—which is the main concern, frankly, around marijuana businesses— the FDIC does not expect them to avoid entire industries, but rather to make determinations on a customer- by-customer basis. This was assurance that Washington banks needed to begin providing bank-ing services to well-regulated, good- actor marijuana businesses. So now a handful of Washington banks and cred-it unions are serving marijuana busi-nesses. Our State banking regulator is working closely with the State mari-juana regulator. Scores of Washington marijuana businesses have set up bank accounts. We are getting cash out of those businesses and into the financial system, where it can be monitored. We draw down that cash stockpile. We re-duced the public safety risk that I talked about earlier. We have an im-proved public safety condition. It is a model that needs to be spread to other States who have adopted, as it were, expanded marijuana legislation. I view this bill as codifying the FDIC’s financial institutions letter and expanding it to other bank regulators so that all lenders can operate under this same principle: that we judge con-sumers individually rather than by the industry they are in. Let me repeat that: that we judge consumers individually rather than by the industry that they are in. Mr. L
UETKEMEYER has been dedicated to that principle for years. I have been honored to work with him in this en-deavor and I am pleased to be at this point where we have broad bipartisan support for this legislation. Again, my hat is off to Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER . To all of my colleagues, I urge a vote in favor of this underlying bill, in favor of a more balanced regulatory scheme, and a bill in favor of increased public safety. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), who is a distinguished member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to lend my voice to an important piece of leg-islation. First, like others, I want to thank everybody who has worked very hard on this legislation. I know it is a matter of passion for many Members on both sides of the aisle in solving this problem for consumers. One thing I am constantly asked about in the district is: In a democ-racy, why does it seem that the bu-reaucracy is in charge? We keep coming back to this very same question with many pieces of leg-islation here in the House. I am excited that we are going to resolve some of that with this piece of legislation. As was talked about earlier, what has been going on is that someone can be excluded from the U.S. Federal bank-ing system simply because they are in an industry that might not have the best reputation. They can be excluded from the Federal banking system. This is not something that we take lightly. It is something that is very serious that we talk about in terms of sanc-tioning North Korea, sanctioning Iran, and now we are excluding U.S. busi-nesses simply because they may be op-erating in a certain industry instead of because of the activities that indi-vidual business or that individual is ac-tually in. So this bill is really about looking, as my friend, Mr. H
ECK, said, to the in-dividual business and to the individual themselves and saying whether they pose a national security risk, not painting with a broad brush because of the desire of some in bureaucracy to exclude certain industries from the banking system. What Hoosiers talk about back home is how tired they are of electing offi-cials only to see bureaucracy drive their own agenda forward, not the peo-ple’s agenda forward. With this piece of legislation, we are rolling some of it back and enabling those bureaucrats to provide an annual list to Congress of the accounts that they have closed and why they have been closed. It is that level of transparency and account-ability that a democracy demands. I am excited to stand with so many other members of the House Financial Services Committee and with so many Members, I hope, later today on the House floor and say that we will de-liver that transparency. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Again, I would like to repeat what has already been said: this is a classic example of how this place is supposed to work. It takes a little time, but it works out in a bi-partisan manner and in a thoughtful manner and deals with an issue that, though not important to some people, is very important to a handful of peo-ple in this country to simply level the playing field. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.017 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9773 December 11, 2017 
I want to, again, thank all of the peo-ple involved in this. It is nice to be in-volved in a piece of legislation that I can be proud of and that went through the process the right way and worked out the right way. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reiterate that this bill is about greater transparency and ac-countability among the banking regu-lators. The Federal Government should not be able to intimidate financial institu-tions into dropping entire sectors of the economy’s customers based on per-sonal and political motivations. It should be based on risk and evidence of wrongdoing. Our new AG has stopped this prac-tice, and the FDIC has incorporated many of the principles in this bill al-ready into their standard operating procedures. But the importance of this bill is to codify in law for the regu-lators the guardrails that are nec-essary to keep this from happening to protect our citizens from this and many other activities by an overreach of the bureaucracy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2706, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
INVESTOR CLARITY AND BANK PARITY ACT Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3093) to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment ad-visers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3093 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NAMING RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)(G)(vi), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, except that the hedge fund or private equity fund may share the same name or a variation of the same name as a banking entity that is an investment adviser to the hedge fund or private equity find, if— ‘‘(I) such investment adviser is not an in-sured depository institution, a company that controls an insured depository institution, or a company that is treated as a bank hold-ing company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978; ‘‘(II) such investment adviser does not share the same name or a variation of the same name as an insured depository institu-tion, any company that controls an insured depository institution, or any company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978; and ‘‘(III) such name does not contain the word ‘bank’’’; and (2) in subsection (h)(5)(C), by inserting be-fore the period the following: ‘‘, except as permitted under subsection (d)(1)(G)(vi)’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3093, the Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. I would like to start by thanking my colleague from Massachu-setts (Mr. C
APUANO ) for his work on this important bipartisan legislation. This bill makes a modest amendment to section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, also known as the Volcker rule, by cor-recting an unintended consequence that occurred during implementation. When the regulators issued the final rule to the Volcker rule, they imposed severe limitations on the ability of bank holding companies and their af-filiates, including investment advisers, to sponsor hedge funds and private eq-uity funds, also known as covered funds. As a result, a covered fund can-not use the name of a sponsor. For example, if XYZ investment ad-viser is an affiliate of XYZ bank and sponsors a real estate fund, that real estate fund could not be named XYZ real estate fund. Not only is such a re-striction at odds with industry prac-tice, it reduces transparency and con-fuses investors about who is actually managing a covered fund. H.R. 3093 eliminates this prohibition and simply allows an affiliate of a bank holding company, such as an invest-ment adviser, to share a similar name with a private equity fund. In doing so, this legislation clarifies the original intent of the Volcker rule and, most importantly, helps investors have bet-ter insight into who is actually man-aging a covered fund. Finally, H.R. 3093 is consistent with recommendations provided by the Treasury Department in its recent re-port on banks and credit unions. I want to again thank my friend from Massachusetts for his work on this bill. The Volcker rule is in need of addi-tional reforms. I appreciate that Mr. CAPUANO has started on the naming issue and that our colleagues on the Senate Banking Committee have in-cluded modest Volcker reforms in Chairman C
RAPO ’s regulatory relief legislation. It is my hope, however, that this is the beginning of the conversation and that we can work again in a bipartisan, bicameral fashion to pass additional Volcker reforms, such as the designa-tion of a single regulator to work with other regulators. In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I believe the gentleman from Missouri has stated everything that needs to be said. This is a simple bill that is a technical amendment to the Volcker rule that I strongly sup-port. I know that many others have op-position to that. This is a minor change. When you do a bill like Dodd-Frank, or any major bill, there are always things you make a mistake on and that you didn’t see coming. This is one of them. It is very simple. This simply allows a company to use names that they have been using forever. That is really all it is. I appreciate the gentleman’s willingness and the committee’s will-ingness to hear this simple bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3093. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUSLY AF-FILIATED INSTITUTIONS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1730) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1730 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.019 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9774 December 11, 2017 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF COMMUNITY CENTERS WITH RELIGIOUS AFFILIATION. 
Section 247 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting after ‘‘threat of force,’’ the following: ‘‘including by threat of force against religious real prop-erty,’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) if damage to or destruction of property results from the acts committed in violation of this section, which damage to or destruc-tion of such property is in an amount that exceeds $5,000, a fine in accordance with this title and imprisonment for not more than 3 years, or both; and’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or real property owned or leased by a nonprofit, reli-giously affiliated organization’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 1730, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Protecting Reli-giously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017 is a bill designed to address recent attacks on religious institutions. It amends the Church Arson Prevention Act to clarify that the act covers reli-gious real property, such as religious community centers. It also increases the penalty for destruction of property offenses on religious property where the conduct results in more than $5,000 in damages to the property. This legislation is a direct response to the recent onslaught of bomb threats to various synagogues, mosques, churches, and religious com-munity centers. In 2017, there have been more than 100 reported bomb threats against Jewish community cen-ters, Jewish day schools, and other Jewish organizations and institutions in more than 38 States. Islamic centers and mosques have been burned in the States of Texas, Washington, and Flor-ida. We must send the message that any attempt to instill fear in a reli-gious community will not be tolerated. From its inception, our country has recognized that freedom of religion is a fundamental right. It is just as impor-tant to protect this right today, if not more so. We must continue to ensure that the American people can continue to practice their faith without obstruc-tion. I commend Representative DAVID K
USTOFF and Representative D EREK  K
ILMER for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in favor of the legislation. I want to thank the honorable gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) for his leadership on this and also sa-lute Representatives K
USTOFF and K IL-
MERfor their introduction of this legis-lation. It is important legislation, Mr. Speaker, because it extends protections under current Federal law for religious real property. We know there is no reli-gious free exercise for our people if they are too afraid to go to church or to synagogue or to the mosque. Currently, section 247 of the Federal criminal code prohibits both the dam-aging of religious property because of the property’s religious character and the intentional obstruction—by force or threats of force—of anyone’s exer-cise of their religious beliefs. H.R. 1730 clarifies that not just force but threats of force against religious property are included in this prohibi-tion. b1730 In addition, the bill provides that the damaging or obstructing of such prop-erty that results in damages exceeding $5,000 constitutes a felony punishable by up to 3 years in prison. Finally, H.R. 1730 clarifies that real property covered by the statute in-cludes property leased by a nonprofit, religiously affiliated organization. The importance of the bill, of course, is underscored by the recent upsurge, as Mr. G
OODLATTE said, in bomb threats, hate crimes, and vandalism committed against churches, syna-gogues, mosques, and other commu-nities of faith, a wave of hate that is now etched in the public’s mind by the shocking events in Charlottesville, Vir-ginia, in August, which began at a local synagogue. The Hate Crimes Statistics for 2016 released by the FBI indicate that anti- Semitic hate crimes increased 20 per-cent from the prior year. There has been an alarming surge committed not just against synagogues, but against churches and mosques in 2017. We know that violent attacks against religious facilities have always accompanied waves of racial terror in our history. In the 1960s, African-Amer-ican churches in many parts of the country were vandalized, fire bombed, and burned during the struggle for civil rights in the South. In the 1990s, there was a resurgence of arsons committed against African-American churches. In response, Congress passed the Church Arson Prevention Act in 1996 to make it clear that such behavior was also on the wrong side of the law. Yet, in 2017, here we are again, facing another rise in hate crimes. We must do more to prevent and fight these threats to our most basic First Amend-ment freedoms that our people have, including the right of our citizens to practice their religion of choice. While some may disagree with the re-ligious practice of others, what they may not do is use physical obstruction, force, or threats of force to deny other people the right to worship as they choose. No American should ever have to choose between their faith and their personal security and the safety of their family. Therefore, I strongly sup-port H.R. 1730, and I urge all of my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ), the chief sponsor of this leg-islation. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affili-ated Institutions Act of 2017. I intro-duced this bipartisan bill with the sup-port of my friend, Representative D
EREK KILMER of Washington State. Our legislation is essential in safe-guarding religious institutions of all kinds from atrocious threats and acts of violence. Earlier this year, we saw a disturbing rise in bomb threats at Jewish commu-nity centers, churches, and other reli-gious institutions across the country. Our communities were in distress as cemeteries were vandalized because of their religious affiliation. This kind of hate crime is simply un-acceptable. After all, religious toler-ance is the bedrock on which this great Nation was founded. According to a report by the Anti- Defamation League, the number of anti-Semitic incidents in the United States increased dramatically, by 86 percent, in the first 3 months of 2017. We can attribute this year’s increase to 155 vandalism incidents, including three cemetery desecrations and 161 hoax bomb threats against religious community centers. This is a dramatic increase of 127 percent over the same quarter in 2016. On November 13, 2017, the FBI re-leased its 2016 annual Hate Crime Sta-tistics Act data documents. The study found that more than 100 hate crimes occurred at churches in the United States in 2016 alone. Unfortunately, hate crimes moti-vated by religious affiliations ac-counted for 1,538 total offenses and 1,273 incidents that were reported by law enforcement. Hate crimes do not just hurt one per-son. They cause great distress to our families, communities, and society as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.016 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9775 December 11, 2017 
whole. In my own home State of Ten-nessee, we, sadly, experienced multiple bomb threats at a local Jewish commu-nity center. These events shook the en-tire community. In addition to the fear inflicted upon these institutions after a threat, there are tangible ramifications for the cen-ters. Many community centers and places of worship are forced to tempo-rarily close their doors as a result of these threats. Families who rely on the center’s services, such as Bible study and early childhood education programs, have been forced to choose between their faith community and their safety. Here, in the United States of America, people should not have to make that choice. Our Nation was founded on the idea of religious freedom, and our com-mitment to religious freedom must re-main unshakable. It is time we say enough is enough. Religious intoler-ance has no place in this country. The Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017 would ensure that individuals who make credible threats of violence against religious community centers and places of wor-ship can be prosecuted for committing a hate crime under Federal law. This bipartisan bill strengthens Fed-eral criminal statutes to prevent threats while preserving our First Amendment rights. It is our moral im-perative to protect the right of all Americans to worship freely and with-out fear, a right that is sewn into our Nation’s very fabric. We must strongly condemn any acts of hate against peo-ple and all institutions of faith. I thank Representative K
ILMER for his hard work on this legislation. I am proud of this bipartisan effort that we have led. I also thank all of the cospon-sors of this bill and Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE for his leadership on the Judici-ary Committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this very important legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Amer-ican Jewish Committee and a letter from the Anti-Defamation League. 
AJC, G LOBAL JEWISH ADVOCACY , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. R
OBERT GOODLATTE , Chairman. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judi-ciary, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE AND RANKING  M
EMBER CONYERS : I write on behalf of the American Jewish Committee (AJC), the global Jewish advocacy organization, in strong support of H.R. 1730, the Combating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017 (which we under-stand will be renamed the Protecting Reli-giously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017). This critically needed bipartisan legisla-tion, introduced by Rep. David Kustoff with Rep. Derek Kilmer as chief cosponsor, ad-dresses long-standing gaps in Federal hate crimes law. H.R. 1730 amends the Church Arson Prevention Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. §241) (CAPA), which covers attacks on religious real property, to bring all religiously affili-ated institutions—such as community cen-ters—under the scope of its protections. The bill also amends CAPA so as to encompass threats against, as well as acts that result in damage or destruction to, religious real property. Further, H.R. 1730 enhances the penalty for intentional damage to religious real property, which is at the moment only at a misdemeanor level unless there is bodily injury to a person. In addition to closing these gaps in the law, enactment of H.R. 1730 will send a signal of zero tolerance for hate crimes against peo-ple of faith. Hate crimes against religious in-stitutions are on the rise in our country. Since January 2017, at least five mosques have suffered arson attacks, while dozens of Jewish, Muslim, Christian, and other reli-gious institutions have been vandalized. These attacks are intolerable. They infringe on the Constitution’s protection of the free exercise of religion. Moreover, crimes against religious institutions are intended to create an atmosphere of fear that deters community members from attending worship services and social involvement. They pose a danger to the religious freedom and security of all Americans. In light of the violent anti- Semitic and racist white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, this legisla-tion is more important than ever. We as a nation must take action in response. For these reasons, AJC strongly urges your support for, and speedy action on, the Com-bating Anti-Semitism Act. Respectfully, RICHARD FOLTIN . 
ADL, A NTI-DEFAMATION LEAGUE , New York, NY, April 6, 2017. Hon. D
AVID KUSTOFF , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE KUSTOFF : On behalf of the Anti-Defamation League, I am writing to commend you for your leadership in intro-ducing the Combating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017 to help ensure that our government is taking every possible step to protect mem-bers of America’s religious communities. Rising anti-Semitic incidents and the re-cent spate of bomb threats and vandalism against Jewish community institutions and cemeteries have sent a chilling message to the Jewish community. When Members of Congress stand up to take action, communities targeted by hate motivated incidents and threats feel less vul-nerable and isolated. This expression of soli-darity and act of reassurance, in turn, shines a spotlight on anti-Semitism and bigotry and helps to promote a more effective re-sponse. We look forward to the swift passage of this bill to reassure faith communities that the government is using all possible tools to deter future threats and to prosecute the perpetrators. Anti-Semitism and bigotry are affecting countries all over the world, and the U.S. is no exception. But the rigor of America’s re-sponse, the solidarity we demonstrate for each other across diverse communities, and the leadership of lawmakers like you is a model for the world. Sincerely, J
ONATHAN GREENBLATT , CEO. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ), the distinguished coauthor of this legislation. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, on Feb-ruary 27 of this year, about 250 men, women, and children gathered at the Stroum Jewish Community Center on Mercer Island in my home State of Washington. It was a regular evening. The center was alive. People were swimming laps in the pool. They were lifting weights in the gym. Seniors were taking classes like the popular one on Bollywood dancing the center offers on Monday nights. They were assembling peace-fully, united by their common faith. Then, they were targeted because of it. On that night, a man, cowardly hid-ing behind the anonymity of a tele-phone, called in a bomb threat on the center. Children and their parents and seniors dropped everything and were evacuated as the police swept it with dogs. How did we get to the point where places people come to take an aerobics class or drop off a child for Hebrew school become flash points of hate? The threat to this center is, sadly, not unique. In the first 3 months of this year alone, there were 126 bomb threats called in to 85 Jewish community cen-ters across the country. Imagine the disruption and the fear created by that. Let’s talk about the Jewish Federa-tion of Greater Seattle, an organiza-tion that advocates for peace and pro-vides classes and community activities and funds scholarships to Seattle-area students. In 2006, a man walked into the federa-tion’s offices with two handguns. He fired shots through the office after gaining access by holding a 14-year-old girl at gunpoint as she called her aunt who worked in the building to buzz her in. He killed one woman and wounded a group of others. He then took them hostage, and a 911 operator talked him into surrendering. Places of worship and faith-based nonprofits must take any threat seri-ously. Across the country, because of threats of violence, churches, mosques, synagogues, and nonprofit religious community centers associated with them must spend money that could have gone to classes, gym equipment, or food for the poor, instead, on locks, cameras, and security guards. Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here today. Today is a victory for everyday people who come to a Representative with a problem and who are hurt. Earlier this year, a friend from Wash-ington State, who is here with us today, came to me and said: These threats are hate crimes. We are being targeted because of our faith. But un-less someone acts on the threat, it doesn’t count as a hate crime under the law. That is how this bill came to be. This bill is about people coming to their elected Representatives and being heard. H.R. 1730 will amend the Church Arson Prevention Act to punish the cowards who make threats against our places of worship and religiously affili-ated nonprofits. It will classify the act of making credible threats as hate crimes. What happened in my State wasn’t a fluke. The FBI has reported a rise in hate crimes. This affects every faith. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.024 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9776 December 11, 2017 
There were an average of 16 hate crimes per day last year. American Jews were targeted with bomb threats. Islamic centers have faced arson. Christians have faced threats in the pews as they pray. This doesn’t count the credible threats that I mentioned earlier that create chaos and make people feel as though they are targets for no other reason than the God to whom they worship. So, Mr. Speaker, today is about com-ing together as Americans and saying enough is enough. It is about commu-nities crying out, ‘‘Never again,’’ and being heard by this body. It is about saying, as leaders, that we must never endorse hate. Silence in the face of intolerance and violent threats isn’t enough. We must condemn hate wherever and however it exists. Mr. Speaker, this is about the people of the Stroum Jewish Commu-nity Center and the faithful every-where who should never have to fear. Around this country, around this world, too many families have been im-pacted by religious intolerance and vi-olence. Even my own family’s family tree has felt that scourge. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Washington an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, this bill acknowledges that, when someone tries to terrorize Americans based on their faith, we need to stand up and do some-thing about it. We must embrace our common humanity and ensure that Americans, wherever they pray, how-ever they come together, are respected. I thank everyone who has worked on this: my colleague, the chairman, and his committee staff; and Rachel Apple-ton from my team. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of rights listed in our Bill of Rights. In the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights, there are five rights that are mentioned. The first right in the First Amendment is mentioned first, in my opinion, because it is the most important right, and that is the right of religious freedom. If you notice the wording in that right, it protects the right to freely ex-ercise one’s religion. It is more than believe whatever you want to believe religiously. You have the right to prac-tice your religion and freely exercise it. Wise words from the Founders and the writers of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Now we have a situation in our coun-try where that right is being threat-ened. Even this morning, the at-tempted terror attack should remind us that we need to be vigilant of the war on terror because people, in the name of terror, commit crimes against other Americans because they hate them. They hate their religion and what they stand for. This year, more than 100 bomb threats and other threats of violence have been made against 81 Jewish com-munity centers. A Jewish community center is not the synagogue, but some-times it is close to it. It is where the Jewish kids and adults go for commu-nity. There have been over 100 bomb threats just this year against 81 Jewish community centers in 33 States. Many of these centers were forced to close be-cause of the threat that was made against them. b1745 These attacks are clearly directed at these facilities due to the religious na-ture of the buildings and the religious activities that go on there. Despite this fact, terroristic threats against community religious centers are currently not punished as hate crimes under Federal law. This bipartisan legislation would amend the Church Arson Prevention Act to ensure that other individuals, who make bomb threats and other credible threats of violence against community religious centers based on the religious nature of that center, can be prosecuted under our law as a hate crime. The bill also adds new language that would create a penalty of up to 5 years imprisonment if any violation of the statute results in damage or destruc-tion to the property. We must make it abundantly clear that we will not tolerate acts of vio-lence and hate against any group in America, especially religious groups. It is incumbent upon us, as Congress, to make sure that the First Amendment is protected, and that is our job: to pro-tect religious freedom. I urge support of this legislation, and I thank the chairman for bringing it to the floor. And that is just the way it is. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ), my colleague on the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, pro-tecting the right of every American to practice their religion is a fundamental tenet of our Constitution. That in-cludes defending the security of churches, synagogues, mosques, tem-ples, and other religiously affiliated in-stitutions where Americans gather to-gether to follow their faith. This year, we have seen the troubling rise in anti-Semitic incidents in the United States, including bomb threats, vandalism, and cemetery desecrations. One of the most frequent targets have been Jewish community centers, or JCCs, including in my home State of Il-linois, including the one in my very own community where my kids at-tended and played basketball and other sports to connect with their commu-nity. These despicable threats aim to sow fear in families and communities. And they target our most vulnerable chil-dren in preschool, Hebrew school, or teens simply coming together to make friends. Mr. Speaker, no parent in America should have to worry about the safety of their family because of their faith, yet current Federal law does not con-sider threats against community reli-gious centers as hate crimes. It is un-acceptable to limit the consequences faced by the perpetrators of this terror to misdemeanor charges. We need to fix this. I am proud to have cosponsored this bipartisan legislation, to allow individ-uals, who make bomb threats and other credible threats of violence against community religious centers, to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for committing a hate crime. I thank my colleague from Wash-ington for conceiving this important idea and inspiring this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House to follow the example of the Judiciary Committee and pass H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affili-ated Institutions Act, with over-whelming bipartisan support. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), my distinguished colleague. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017. I thank Con-gressman K
ILMER for his vision and leadership on this critical issue. This legislation would strengthen current Federal law to prohibit threats against religious property, increase the penalty for damaging religious prop-erty, and expand protected religious property to include not just houses of worship, but also religiously affiliated nonprofits, like Jewish community centers. Over the past few years, there has been a frightening rise in incidents of racism, Islamophobia, anti-Semitism, and xenophobia in the U.S. and around the world. All too often, the perpetra-tors of hate target houses of worship and other religious centers. From the Sikh temple shooting in Wisconsin in 2012, to Charleston’s Emanuel AME Church shooting in 2015, to the mosque attack in London this summer, and the firebombing of a syn-agogue in Sweden just this past week-end, these violent, cowardly bigots go after what is most sacred to the com-munities they so odiously abhor. While the hateful incidents that re-sult in loss of life are undoubtedly the most tragic, any threat or attack against religious property can shake communities to their core. The Jewish community of south Florida, sadly, knows this firsthand. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.025 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9777 December 11, 2017 
Last year, a man planned to bomb a synagogue in Aventura in my congres-sional district during Passover. He was caught, thankfully, but incidents like this proliferating around the country are instilling fear, causing unease, and requiring additional security measures to be deployed. Sadly, in south Florida, this was not an isolated incident. Mr. Speaker, I will say that, al-though not specifically an attack against a Jewish institution, I remem-ber my children, then in preschool, at-tended preschool at our local JCC and, after the 9/11 attack, my husband rac-ing to their school to take them out of school that day because of the panic that was instilled that automatically occurs in every Jewish family’s life with children in a Jewish institution when there is a terrorist attack. We are constantly on edge as to whether or not our community is next. It is deeply disturbing that the peo-ple in my community who attend syna-gogues and visit our Jewish commu-nity centers do so knowing these do-mestic terrorists intentionally want us to feel uneasy about it. Their mission is to instill fear in the hearts of Jews, Muslims, and other religious minori-ties so that we will not feel at home in America. And they are not relenting. The most recent annual report on hate crimes by the FBI showed that there was nearly a 5 percent increase in incidents last year. It is the first time in 10 years that America has experienced consecu-tive annual increases in reported hate crimes. More than half of the religiously based hate crimes were anti-Jewish, and a quarter of them were anti-Mus-lim. We cannot let bigoted threats and vandalism become the new normal. We must pass this legislation to make it 100 percent clear that, in the view of Congress, when it comes to reli-gious bigotry, there are not good peo-ple on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 20 seconds to the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. We must pass this legislation to make anti-Semitic and Islamophobic cowards think twice before they spread fear, while hiding behind a computer or a phone. We must pass this legislation to en-sure that America is always a refuge from religious persecution. I deeply wish this legislation were not needed, Mr. Speaker, but, sadly, it is. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the First Amendment protects every citizen’s right to free exercise of religion, and we, in Con-gress, must be zealous and vigilant partners with the Constitution in that enterprise. From Charleston, South Carolina, to Charlottesville, Virginia; from subur-ban Maryland, where racial bias inci-dents are up 80 percent in my congres-sional district in 2017, to California, Or-egon, and all over the country, Amer-ica has seen a surge in threats and vio-lence against individuals and religious real property in our country, all in an effort to deter our citizens from prac-ticing their faith, or simply to assault or kill them for doing so. There has also been a rise in threats made by telephone, in person, by email, or by phone all over the country, in-cluding to churches, synagogues, and mosques. In the first 7 months of this year, there were 63 reported incidents against mosques across 26 States, span-ning from Florida to Hawaii. Clearly, Congress must act. We have excellent legislation in H.R. 1730 to expand our law to include threats of force, as well as to toughen up the penalties for this kind of conduct. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is good, bipartisan legislation to protect the religious freedom of people of all faiths. It is particularly important that we stand up at a time when some religious faiths are under particular pressure from those who would attempt to smother their ability to freely exercise their re-ligious beliefs by intimidation. This legislation speaks strongly to that. Mr. Speaker, I thank Members on both sides of the aisle. I thank Mr. KUSTOFF , Mr. K ILMER , and others for their good work. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1730, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 55 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 2706, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 1730, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUS-TOMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2706) to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 2, not voting 34, as follows: 
[Roll No. 672] YEAS—395 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.027 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9778 December 11, 2017 
Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Ellison Napolitano 
NOT VOTING—34 
Barletta Bass Blackburn Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Davis, Danny DesJarlais Frankel (FL) Gohmert Gowdy Gutie´rrez Harper Huffman Jackson Lee Kennedy Messer Pocan Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Sanford Scott (VA) Simpson Sires Tiberi Tsongas Wagner Walz 
b1851 Mr. GRIJALVA, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Messrs. TAKANO, VIS-CLOSKY, and NADLER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 672. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 672 on H.R. 2706, I mis-takenly recorded my vote as ‘‘nay’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUSLY AF-FILIATED INSTITUTIONS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1730) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 2, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 673] YEAS—402 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.017 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9779 December 11, 2017 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—27 
Barletta Bass Blackburn Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Clay Davis, Danny DesJarlais Gohmert Gowdy Gutie´rrez Harper Jackson Lee Kennedy Messer Pocan Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Sanford Simpson Sires Tiberi Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1859 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MIAMI JEWISH HEALTH SERVICES; EMPATHICARE VILLAGE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Miami Jew-ish Health Systems as they break ground on their cutting-edge memory care facility to be called the S. Donald Sussman EmpathiCare Village. This fa-cility will serve as an essential re-source to many elderly individuals in south Florida who find themselves in need of mental health services. The Sussman EmpathiCare Village will also host researchers working on cutting- edge memory care treatment. This new facility is just the latest ac-complishment in the Miami Jewish Health Systems’ long tradition of serv-ice in our community. For over 75 years, this wonderful organization and its staff have provided compassionate healthcare with dignity and respect and helped those most in need in south Florida to live longer, healthier, and more enriched lives. Mr. Speaker, I am honored that such an amazing institution is located in south Florida, and it is a pleasure to recognize that the S. Donald Sussman EmpathiCare Village is now a reality. Thanks again to MJHS, and mazel tov on a job well done. f 
SUPPORTING CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this evening, the House passed H.R. 3359, the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency Act, and I would like to commend Homeland Security Committee Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for their efforts getting it through the House, along with my colleagues on the Home-land Security Committee. This bipartisan bill makes long over-due changes to the organization of the National Protection and Programs Di-rectorate, or NPPD, to reflect its grow-ing operational role in cybersecurity. Despite it being notionally a head-quarters component, NPPD is home to the government’s premier cyber inci-dent response teams; the 24/7 watch floor and information sharing hub; and the Federal Network Resilience Divi-sion, tasked with supporting other agencies in defending their networks. NPPD is also charged with leading asset response activities under the Na-tional Cyber Incident Response Plan. H.R. 3359 recognizes that these ac-tivities go far beyond NPPD’s original mission and raises the renamed compo-nent to an agency on par with Customs and Border Protection or the TSA. Mr. Speaker, I hope the bill makes crystal clear that DHS is the primary agency for domestic cybersecurity in peacetime, and I encourage young peo-ple looking at cybersecurity careers to consider joining the vanguard at this new agency. I look forward to its swift passage and consideration in the Sen-ate. 
f 
SEX AND LABOR TRAFFICKING IN LIBYA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the auctioneer shouted: ‘‘Does anybody want to buy a worker? Here is a work-er, a big strong man. He will dig. ‘‘What is the bid? What is the bid? ‘‘Sold to the highest bid of $400.’’ Mr. Speaker, West Africans go to Libya thinking that they will get a job in Europe but, instead, are sold in Libya to labor and sex traffickers. These Africans simply seek a new life, free from terrorism, persecution, and famine; however, they become victims of modern-day slavery. In the years following the United States’ overthrow of the Libyan Gov-ernment, the nation became a failed state. Sinking further into despair, the failed state became a brothel of slav-ery: human sex and labor trafficking. People are bound to the slave block and sold at the marketplace of sex slavery and labor trafficking. Mr. Speaker, slavery is a crime against humanity, and the United States must exercise caution when top-pling regimes without understanding the long-term consequences like human slavery. And that is just the way it is. f 
CONGRATULATING MONTCLAIR HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Montclair High School Mounties football team for winning their State championship game against the Union City Soaring Eagles. The Mounties’ senior running back, Daniel Webb, returned the champion-ship game’s opening kickoff 92 yards for a touchdown only 13 seconds after the game began. The Mounties never lost their lead. They beat Union City 35–14 and won New Jersey’s North 1, Group 5 State championship. This was Montclair’s third perfect season and fourth State championship in the past 6 years. The championship is a big win for ev-eryone in Montclair, New Jersey. For weeks, local businesses and community groups came together to support the Mounties. At the championship game, on December 1, more than 1,500 fans turned out to cheer their team on. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating head coach John Fiore and the Montclair Mounties football team for their big win in a stellar year. 
f 
PREVENTING MATERNAL DEATHS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the Pre-venting Maternal Deaths Act. This bill would strengthen States’ abilities to combat pregnancy-related and preg-nancy-associated deaths. Unfortunately, the number of these deaths in the United States has in-creased, according to the CDC. We also have the highest maternal mortality rate of any developed country, and we are the only country where maternal deaths continue to rise. That is why this bill is so important: It helps States establish and support maternal mortality review committees to examine the causes of these deaths and then identify solutions that fit their community. It addresses dispari-ties in maternal health outcomes and offers these committees the tools to collect the data they need to address— and, hopefully, to eliminate—the causes of these unnecessary tragedies. Minnesota’s committee has already shown promise but would benefit from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.018 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9780 December 11, 2017 
the additional resources this legisla-tion provides. Mr. Speaker, this bill enjoys bipar-tisan support and could reduce the number of unnecessary pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths. By taking this important step, we can and will save lives. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in 3 days, the internet as we know it could change forever. On December 14, the FCC will be tak-ing a vote on whether or not to get rid of net neutrality protections that keep the internet open, fair, and equal for everyone. Repealing these protections will allow internet service providers like Verizon, Comcast, and AT&T to control the levers of the internet—sti-fling access, deciding which websites you and I can visit and use, and mak-ing it virtually impossible for small businesses to compete against industry giants. It will hurt our students, entre-preneurs, working families, and all who rely on the internet for things from education to healthcare to employ-ment as a level playing field of oppor-tunity. The FCC must protect the people it is supposed to be serving, not big cor-porate interests, and make sure that the internet remains a place where ev-eryone has a seat at the table. 
f 
SUPPORT YOUNG FARMERS AND VETERANS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Farmers of Tomorrow Act, a bill that Congresswoman C
HERI BUSTOS and I recently introduced. Our bill was de-signed to make it easier for young farmers and veterans to purchase new land to begin a farming career. New and beginning farmers can ob-tain ownership loans through USDA to buy land, but too many experience dif-ficulty due to outdated experience re-quirements that do not take into ac-count the variety of paths future farm-ers can take to prepare to run their op-erations. The Farmers of Tomorrow Act allows new, beginning, or veteran farmers to count various experience toward the current 3-year experience requirement to make it easier to access USDA fi-nancing. This includes an honorable discharge from the United States mili-tary, successful completion of a farm management curriculum, at least 1 year as hired farm labor with manage-ment responsibilities, and more. Access to land is essential for sup-porting the next generation of farmers. This legislation will help get more Americans involved in agriculture, while strengthening rural commu-nities. I encourage all my colleagues to support it. f 
TAX PROPOSAL (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, this week the Republican leadership will reconcile the House and Senate tax proposals. In doing so, I strongly urge my colleagues to put politics aside and put working families first. To do this, we need to enable employ-ers and workers to invest in new skills for emerging jobs in our evolving econ-omy. We need to spur infrastructure in-vestment. We need to promote innova-tion, entrepreneurship, and new busi-ness formation. We need to ensure that every American has access to a quality education that prepares them for a suc-cessful career. We need to do all of this without ex-ploding the national debt. The plans before the committee do not pay for themselves. Unfortunately, they do not guarantee against cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security either, and they do not put working families first. For the sake of our economy and for the sake of our seniors, students, and working families, I strongly urge the conferees to produce a bill that focuses on their needs. 
f 
b1915 RECOGNIZING SERGEANT VINCENT SCALISE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Vincent Scalise, the founder of the Central New York Veterans Outreach Center in Utica, New York. Sergeant Scalise has served our Na-tion in the Army National Guard for over 19 years and was deployed to Af-ghanistan and Iraq with the 2nd Bat-talion, 108th Infantry. Sergeant Scalise has also responded to multiple natural disasters and homeland security mis-sions, and was awarded the New York National Guard’s Colonel Gouverneur Morris Citizen/Soldier Award. In 2008, Sergeant Scalise saw an op-portunity in the vacant YMCA building in downtown Utica for a veterans out-reach center to serve veterans and their families in times of need. His vi-sion and hard work has created a safe and welcoming refuge for veterans and their families. Currently, the Central New York Veterans Outreach Center administers a Federal grant to aid veterans in dan-ger of becoming homeless, and it has a food pantry onsite for veterans and their families, among a variety of other services. Work has begun to con-struct 18 onsite housing units, and the center has been awarded its fourth con-secutive Federal veteran homeless pre-vention grant. I commend Sergeant Scalise for his dedicated service to our country, com-munity, and fellow veterans, and I wish the center many more years of growth and success. f 
HONORING ALBERT O. ORTA (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, the recent passing of the father of my dis-trict director brings me to the floor today to speak about the extraordinary career of Albert O. Orta and his selfless service to our Nation. He began his career in the U.S. Air Force at Lackland Air Force Base in 1947, where he became an expert on radar and communications equipment. In 1949, he married Mary Louise Guer-rero, which resulted in 12 children, 31 grandchildren, and 29 great-grand-children. Mr. Orta was a busy man, but he also served his country after leaving the U.S. Air Force. He became an expert in radar engineering and communica-tions, working on the B–29, B–36, B–47, and B–52, as well as fighter jets F–84, F–86A, F–89, F–102, and F–106. His outstanding accomplishments and his willingness to serve our Nation faithfully and to the best of his abili-ties brought him praise from President Jimmy Carter and a host of generals all around this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues and the United States House of Representa-tives to join me in honoring Albert O. Orta for his distinguished career and his proud service to our country. 
f 
CALLING AN ANGEL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the Bible says angels come down from Heaven to end our pain. On December 9, 2006, God called an angel home to end our pain. Her name was Chelsey Campbell. She died of can-cer at age 16. Our Lord put Chelsey in the hearts of two dear friends, Trish and Kevin Kline. They started the Snowdrop Foundation to end cancer for all kids. Kevin is a DJ on the 93Q Morning Zoo. Loyal listeners call Kevin ‘‘Gumpman.’’ He is joined by two part-ners, Erica ‘‘La Reina Hermosa’’ Rico and Tim ‘‘Knucklehead’’ Tuttle. Every Christmas, 93Q partners with Snowdrop and the Texas Children’s Hospital for a radiothon. All December, stories are aired on iHeartRadio from parents and kids who are fighting can-cer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.036 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9781 December 11, 2017 
Please tune in. If you listen closely, you will hear Chelsey’s voice and feel her heart. 
f 
APP CHALLENGE WINNERS (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize West Seattle High School students Will Rasmussen and Aidan Day as the winners of Washing-ton’s Seventh District Congressional App Challenge. Will and Aidan developed an app that helps students and teachers maximize learning time in the classroom by automating the checking of attend-ance, which often takes several min-utes of class. Will’s and Aidan’s design uses RFID technology to let students quickly tag into class using a keycard similar to ORCA cards, our region’s transit access cards which allow pas-sengers to pay their bus and train fare by swiping their cards. Our diverse group of App Challenge judges praised Will’s and Aidan’s inge-nuity. Microsoft enterprise specialist Hammad Rajjoub called it ‘‘a great idea to bring to life,’’ because ‘‘time is the most important asset we all have.’’ Other judges suggested scaling it up for use in other school districts. Will’s and Aidan’s winning project is a model for all of us to use our cre-ativity, knowledge, and ultimately the technology we create to benefit the greater good and improve our commu-nities. Congratulations, Will and Aidan. 
f 
GIRL SCOUTS OF WATAUGA COUNTY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, as we ap-proach Christmas, many of us consider the season of giving and some also think of Christmas cookies. Equally, when many consider giving back, or cookies, they think of the Girl Scouts. However, Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that Girl Scouts do more than sell cookies. They actively work to im-prove their communities all year long. Five Girl Scouts in Watauga County recently received the bronze and silver awards for outstanding community service. A few troops earned awards for redecorating a library reading cave to encourage classmates to spend more time learning. Another Girl Scout taught a free dance class so that chil-dren who couldn’t afford lessons wouldn’t miss out. Last, one Girl Scout sought to help end hunger in Watauga County. She wrote thank-you cards to sponsors that provided funds for healthy Thanksgiving meals to feed the hungry. These young women are a credit to their parents and to our communities. I congratulate these young women on their well-earned awards, and I look forward to their continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING WILLIAM ADAMCAK (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. William Adamcak, who passed away on November 23, 2017, at 98 years of age. Mr. Adamcak was a true patriot and an American war hero, serving in World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. He received the Purple Heart for his service in D-day during World War II. Even though he and the rest of the Allied forces faced heavy Nazi resistance, Mr. Adamcak led his men through the infamous Omaha Beach and into the French uplands, where they dug foxholes. Huddled in their foxholes, they faced heavy mortar attack from the Ger-mans. But through Mr. Adamcak’s bravery, training, and leadership, he led his men to a successful completion of their mission. Mr. William Adamcak was a living legend and hero, and I could not be more honored to recognize this man from the Greatest Generation on the House floor today. He will truly be missed. 
f 
CLOSE THE INVESTIGATION (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, there is an intractable bias and prejudice that in-fects Robert Mueller’s investigation of President Trump and his team. Look no further than Peter Strzok. He was central to clearing Hillary Clin-ton by changing the information in her exoneration statement from grossly negligent to extremely careless. Then, somehow, he gets drafted into the Mueller probe and starts sending anti- Trump, pro-Hillary text messages to his mistress. Then we learn that Bruce Ohr, who was also involved in the investigation, met with Fusion GPS officials proxi-mate to their interactions that im-pacted the election. Now we have learned that the wife of Bruce Ohr—the wife of a senior official involved in this investigation—was moonlighting, working for Fusion GPS and bringing up scandalous, unverified, and sala-cious accusations against the Presi-dent. Even Mueller’s number two, Andrew Weissmann, praised Sally Yates for defying a direct order from the Presi-dent. It is time to bring this witch hunt of an investigation to a close and move on to Make America Great Again. 150 YEARS OF HBCU EXCELLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TAYLOR ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, for the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, the Con-gress, our constituents, and all Ameri-cans. I acknowledge all the members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are here, and most specifically, Congress-man R
ICHMOND , who helped to organize this Special Order hour. As we convene tonight, we are going to recognize our HBCUs, and more spe-cifically, the nine HBCUs under the caption of: 150 Years of Excellence. I rise today to honor our Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and in particular, the nine schools that are celebrating 150 years. As a member of the CBC’s Task Force on HBCUs and as co-chair of the bipar-tisan HBCU Caucus, I have the distinct pleasure of honoring all of the fol-lowing schools of the HBCU 9 for this remarkable achievement: Alabama State University; Barber-Scotia Col-lege; Fayetteville State University; Howard University, Morehouse College; Morgan State University; St. Augus-tine University; Talladega College; and from my very own 12th District in North Carolina, Johnson C. Smith Uni-versity. The achievement of these schools across the past 150 years are beyond re-markable and their reputation as incu-bators of innovation and Black leader-ship is an incredible accomplishment in and of itself. From humble beginnings, these schools have been able to persevere, de-spite decades of discrimination and in-tentional neglect, in order to provide African Americans a first class edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today as a living testament to the necessity and the importance of HBCUs. My mother, who raised me, was not an educated woman. She wasn’t able to obtain a high school education. She didn’t at-tend an HBCU, for that matter. But she understood how important education would be in my life. She did domestic work. She cleaned other folks’ houses so I wouldn’t have to because she un-derstood how important it was for me to go to school. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.038 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9782 December 11, 2017 
But like those visionaries who found-ed these schools after surviving the horrors of slavery, my mom dreamed of a better future for me, her daughter. When I could not fully recognize the potential in myself, it was an HBCU, North Carolina A&T State University, that saw something in me and made a committed investment toward my suc-cess. North Carolina A&T State University gave a poor Black girl from the ghetto of Newark, New Jersey, an opportunity because it believed in opportunity and the fundamental importance of edu-cation that W.E.B. Du Bois spoke about when he said: ‘‘Of all the civil rights for which the world has strug-gled and fought for 5,000 years, the right to learn is undoubtedly the most fundamental.’’ A&T took me where I was. They got me to where I needed to be. They shaped and molded me into what they knew I could become. Just as our HBCUs have done for many of our col-leagues who join me in the people’s House today, our HBCUs are respon-sible for educating 20 Members of this esteemed body and one Member of the U.S. Senate. But that is only a small part of the story that these schools are continuing to tell. HBCUs also contribute 50 per-cent of African-American professionals and public schoolteachers. They con-tribute 25 percent of all African-Amer-ican STEM graduates, 40 percent of all African-American engineers, 50 percent of African-American lawyers, and 80 percent of African-American judges. b1930 Most plainly, HBCUs are responsible for building today’s African-American middle class—this is a record to be proud of—and, of all of these accom-plishments, without the assistance and support from the government and our private sector partners that they need and deserve. Mr. Speaker, as we stand here to-night, as the CBC, to honor HBCUs, we remain vigilant about the current dan-gers that they face. Many HBCUs still suffer from barriers for access for stu-dents, such as affordability, and the overall financial instability of both the students they serve and of the institu-tions themselves, due to a lack of ac-cess to funding. As many of you know, one of my first tasks when I entered Congress was to launch the bipartisan HBCU Caucus, with my co-chair B
RADLEY BYRNE from Alabama. Vice chairing our caucus is T
ERRI SEWELL and B ENNIE THOMPSON , and F
RENCH HILLon the Republican side. Since its inception, we have wit-nessed fortunate growth to a total of 58 Representatives and 2 Senators. We came together to create a national dia-logue around HBCUs for our Members and their staffs about the issues im-pacting our schools. We also came to-gether to draft meaningful bipartisan legislation. In accomplishing the first aim, the willingness of Members to attend today illustrates that a national dialogue has begun. Before we leave here today, our Members and our staffs, who couldn’t join us tonight, will, hopefully, learn and know the issues. To achieve the third legislative goal, it will take the collective effort of all of us who have been entrusted to work here in the peo-ple’s House. Tomorrow, I and my colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee will debate a reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, a flawed piece of legislation that, in many re-spects, will devastate HBCUs and their students. Consideration of this meas-ure illustrates how we need that collec-tive effort from both sides of the aisle to work together now, more than ever. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to-night, dedicated to the achievement of HBCU students and graduates, to come together to work to increase access and career opportunities. I hope we can all, tonight, vow to take substantive ac-tion and recognize that the govern-ment cannot take on this aim and this challenge alone. Let’s work with our private partners to create pathways of opportunity for our students, placing them in fields that will make the Afri-can-American middle class larger and stronger than ever. Let’s vow to continue listening to our HBCUs and their able administra-tors, to ensure that they have the tools and the resources to make that happen, for only then can we ensure that these valuable institutions not only survive, but that they thrive. We have a num-ber of universities in North Carolina for public HBCUs and six private HBCUs, and we are so very proud of all of our HBCUs throughout this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), my colleague. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I represent the Second District of Mississippi. I would like to pay tribute to those four Historically Black Colleges that reside in the Sec-ond District, but before I do, I want to, for the R
ECORD , make sure that people understand the role of Historically Black Colleges and how they actually came to exist. For those who think education has always been here for anyone who would want it, I just take you back to that 150 years ago that my colleague from North Carolina talked about. Well, that 150 years was the beginning of people recognizing that African Ameri-cans should have the opportunity to go to school, just like anyone else. But, unfortunately, in this country, if you were of color, there were no pro-visions for you to have a college edu-cation. So, for a lot of people in this country, it didn’t matter how bright they were, it was the fact that there were no institutions available for you to go. It is also important to look at my situation in my area that I represent, Mr. Speaker. When I went to college, I had never met an African-American doctor, lawyer, dentist, or anything be-cause they didn’t exist. When I got to college, my college physician was an African American, but I went to Tougaloo College. He was a graduate of Tougaloo, and he had to go to medical school out of State because no medical school would admit him. But the most important thing I am saying is that for a lot of professionals who wanted to do good in their communities, they had to go out of State, so Historically Black Colleges were created. I met Martin Luther King, Jr., on the campus of Tougaloo College when I was a student. Tougaloo College and Rust College, in another district, were the only two institutions of higher learn-ing that would allow Martin Luther King, Jr., to speak on their campus, and they both were Historically Black Colleges. So, if for no other reason, Historically Black Colleges have helped level the playing field. They have exposed a number of African- American students to a broader view in terms of life and what happens, but they were also put in situations, Mr. Speaker, and an environment that they could relate to. So, Tougaloo College, I salute you. Jackson State University is the larg-est Historically Black College in the State of Mississippi, well renowned. They have over 10,000 students on its campus. It is the only State-supported university in the capital city. So we pay special tribute to Jackson State University. They are noted for a num-ber of graduates, too many to name. They continue to excel in every facet of academia. Alcorn State University, the oldest African-American land grant college in America, turns out a number of stu-dents who have gone on to excel not just in agriculture, but in medicine, law, and education. Mississippi Valley State University, located in Itta Bena, Mississippi, was created to avoid integration. If you look at the charter for Mississippi Val-ley State University, it was created so Negroes could go to school in the Mis-sissippi Delta and not be forced to inte-grate into the White colleges. So, for whatever reason, Mississippi Valley State University was created, and it thrives to this point. Mr. Speaker, the most important thing I would like to say is that when I was a student at Jackson State Uni-versity, I participated in a lawsuit that talked about equity in funding for His-torically Black Colleges. It took us 27 years of litigation—Ayers v. Mis-sissippi Institutions of Higher Learn-ing—to prove that the Black schools were not getting the same resources as the White schools. We won the lawsuit and we are now talking about equity in those institutions. As important is not just having the institutions, but those who are State- supported, to have the proper resources so their students can become and be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.040 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9783 December 11, 2017 
the best that they can be. It is fitting and proper that we celebrate not just the nine HBCUs, but let’s talk about all of them and the merit and worth that they have given to this country. Mr. Speaker, I pay special tribute— and I think there are about 103 or 104 Historically Black Colleges—106. I stand corrected. So, again, they are doing a wonderful job, but it is the pur-pose for which they were created. Some people will try to convince that there is no issue with race in America today, and I beg to differ that if it were not for those Historically Black Col-leges, a lot of individuals would not be where they are today. If you talk to those 20 Members of the United States House of Representatives who are grad-uates of Historically Black Colleges, they will talk to you and tell you about the fabric and representation that going to those schools provided to them. I am happy to say that not only is my daughter a graduate of two HBCUs, but my granddaughter is also attend-ing Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans. She really didn’t have a choice in the matter, but she thought she did; but at the end of the day, she is a second-year student there, and I am happy to say that she wouldn’t have it any other way. So that HBCU education is already sinking in. What-ever she chooses to do, I am convinced that her perspective will be far broader because of her attendance at Xavier University of Louisiana. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for not only that valuable information, but for the work that he has done over the years and for making an HBCU choice. I did the same thing for my daughter. I said: You go wherever you want, my money is going to an HBCU. But nothing could be finer than to be at an HBCU. It really does so much to get our students to where they need to be, especially those who come the way I did: not fully prepared. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), from the Second District. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. This is certainly a very, very appro-priate tribute. As a product of More-house College, I know firsthand the im-portant contribution HBCUs have made in educating, training, and empowering outstanding leaders. Morehouse College is celebrating its sesquicentennial this year. Throughout its 150-year history, Morehouse College has made a significant mark on our State, our Nation, and the world. Here, many notable men gained the knowl-edge and the training that enabled them to become some of the greatest influences of our time, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; noted theolo-gian, Dr. Howard Thurman; civil rights leader, Julian Bond; filmmaker Shelton ‘‘Spike’’ Lee; Olympic gold medalist Edwin Moses; CEO of the Sil-icon Valley Community Foundation, Emmett Carson; and many more. Morehouse principles often instill a desire for public service to benefit mankind. In the United States Con-gress, Representative CEDRIC RICH-
MOND , the chairman of the Congres-sional Black Caucus; as well as many staff members and former Members of Congress, hold degrees from Morehouse College. U.S. Presidents have relied on alum-ni, such as former Secretary of Home-land Security, Jeh Johnson; former Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, Dr. Louis Sullivan; former U.S. Surgeon General, Dr. David Satcher; and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, James Nabrit. Around the country, State and local governments have been led by alumni, such as Maynard Holbrook Jackson, the first African-American mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. I have the honor and privilege of rep-resenting these two HBCUs in the Sec-ond Congressional District of Georgia: Albany State University and Fort Val-ley State University. Albany State University, with its rich history, dating back to the trials and the triumphs faced by Joseph Win-throp Holley. Albany State University was first founded as the Albany Bible and Manual Institute in 1903. The school gained State funding in 1917, joined the University of Georgia sys-tem in 1932, began offering bacca-laureate degrees in 1943, and came back strong after severe floods in 1996 as Al-bany State University, offering grad-uate programs and advanced degrees. b1945 Today, the university has a total eco-nomic impact of $143 million and sup-ports 1,493 jobs in the Albany area. Its educational contributions are signifi-cant. Albany State is the third in the Nation for bachelor’s degrees in edu-cation for African Americans. It offers 35 degree programs in education, nurs-ing, criminal justice, business adminis-tration, public administration; and Al-bany State University has produced doctors, lawyers, NASA engineers, military officers, college university presidents, teachers, preachers, may-ors, legislators, business people, mil-lionaires, and Olympic medalists. The Fort Valley State University, which I have the honor of representing, was founded 120 years ago. Fort Valley is Georgia’s only 1890 land-grant insti-tution charged with educating and em-powering its students and its sur-rounding community. As many of you are aware, 1890 insti-tutions, including Fort Valley State University, were created to ensure ac-cess to higher education in the agricul-tural and natural resource sciences to serve the underserved and reach the unreached. Fort Valley has always been known to not only train and graduate tomor-row’s talented leaders but to ensure that these leaders are as diverse as the communities they serve in their skill sets, their experiences, and their per-spectives. Fort Valley State University has excelled at this job. It generates an economic impact of $109 million for its local and regional economy and gen-erates 1,125 jobs. In addition to the educational, social, and community benefits a Fort Valley education provides, it is estimated that Fort Valley State University increases its graduates’ lifetime earnings by 61 percent. As you can see, Historically Black Colleges and Universities are a vital part of the fabric of our educational system. I congratulate them for their contributions to our Nation, and I look forward to their continued tutelage for generations of future leaders for this country and the world. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the Morehouse man. I thank him very much for his contributions tonight and for all he has done. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina has 39 minutes remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio’s Third District (Mrs. B
EATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, it is, in-deed, my honor to join my colleagues tonight to recognize and celebrate 150 years of excellence in education at HBCUs. I thank the congresswoman from North Carolina’s 12th Congres-sional District (Ms. A
DAMS ) for leading the charge tonight. And to our CBC chairman, Congress-man C
EDRIC RICHMOND , I thank him for allowing us to come forward and not only tell our stories about the 150 years, but to demonstrate to all of those, Mr. Speaker, who are watching tonight, that we set an example for others to follow. The nine HBCUs celebrating their 150th anniversaries this year have been educating and transforming Black stu-dents across this Nation into leaders. For 150 years, HBCUs have weathered the violence of Jim Crow laws and funding cuts to continue to be the light in many of our overlooked commu-nities. While my alma mater, Central State University, hasn’t been here for 150 years, it was established in 1887. And in 2014, it received the designation as a land-grant university, the last of the HBCUs to become a land-grant. For 130 years, Central State Univer-sity has been that light, that training ground for African-American change makers—African-American change makers in a nation like you see in this picture. It was just a few months ago I traveled back for my homecoming to celebrate with friends and classmates, 130 years. It is 130 years of a university that has produced classmates like Nancy Wilson, Leontyne Price, Orlando Brown, Arsenio Hall, Jason Thomas, a United States Marine who was there during the aftermath of 9/11 and res-cued people. Also, we have people like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.042 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9784 December 11, 2017 
Elizabeth Eckford, one of the Little Rock Nine, a group of African-Amer-ican students who, as we all remember, in 1957, were the first Black students ever to attend classes at Little Rock Central High School. I am very thankful for 40-plus years of friendships with individuals like Zenobia Leavell. And when I think of Linda Brown, and as we call her ‘‘Lulu,’’ for organizing this picture, be-cause we stand tall, and we represent all sectors of this community. Central State provided an education for this little girl from Dayton, Ohio, when my mother and father sat down and they were able to put their dollars and cents together to not only send me, but to send every one of my sib-lings to an HBCU university. They said: We want you to go there, but we want you to come back. Little did they know that I would stand in the Halls of Congress and advocate for HBCU uni-versities. Attending Central State Uni-versity changed my life. It is important for you to know, when we talk about HBCUs, I know it all too well. Just yesterday, I sat at our kitchen table with my grandbabies and their parents and my husband, and our conversation—I was so proud be-cause, you see, it was Howard Univer-sity, Morehouse College, and Spelman College that produced us. When you think about my husband, an attorney, a graduate of Howard University; when you think about Otto III, an attorney and entrepreneur and graduate of Morehouse College; when you think of Laurel Beatty Blunt, a common pleas court judge and a graduate of Spelman College; I am so proud that when I sat there and I looked at my grandbabies, Leah and Spencer, and as Leah beamed because she was wearing a T-shirt that said: I am Spelman-bound, Grammy; and then there is Spencer, who will be going to Morehouse, that is because we stand on the shoulders of so many. Why do we come tonight? We come to tell you that 40 percent of all Black Members of Congress are graduates of HBCUs; 12.5 percent of all Black CEOs, HBCUs; half of all the Black professors at non-HBCUs; 50 percent of all Black lawyers, graduates of HBCUs; and 80 percent of all Black judges, graduates of HBCUs. When I think about today, with Trump’s administration and with their proposals to cut Pell grants, when I think about the threats to hold con-struction grants, when I think about Republicans’ assault on students in the Republican tax scam hike, it is a sad day in America. We come today because we want our voices to be heard, because we know, in the words of one of our own, Barbara Jordan: ‘‘Education remains the key to both economic and political empower-ment. That is why schools charged with educating African Americans have, perhaps, the deepest challenge of all.’’ Mr. Speaker, let me end by saying two things in the words of Nelson Mandela, and I think it sums it all up: ‘‘Education is the most powerful weap-on you can have to change the world.’’ That is why I stand here with my col-leagues, standing up for HBCUs, stand-ing up that this administration will understand that we expect—no, we de-mand to get the appropriate funding so our children, our grandchildren, and generations yet unborn will have the same opportunities that I have had and so many more, because when HBCUs succeed, America succeeds. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for her participation and for all of the work that she continues to do, and we are so very proud of her ac-knowledgment tonight of our HBCUs. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the 14th District in Michi-gan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the congresswoman from the great State of North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ) for her endless passion for education of the next generation and her strong support of our HBCUs. I also want to acknowledge our chairman, C
EDRIC RICHMOND , our CBC chairman. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to recognize something truly incredible. This year, nine Historically Black Col-leges and Universities are celebrating their 150th anniversaries, 150 years of excellence, of endurance, and of new opportunity, collective strengths, and a core belief in the value of education. Mr. Speaker, we so often talk about the American Dream, and we talk about that ladder of success that any American can have if they work hard and get an education. We all know that that first rung of that ladder is clearly education, and if we do not keep our promise in America to educate, we are failing in our American commitment to excellence in developing all young people to obtain their greatness. As we look upon these accomplish-ments of 150 years, we are reminded how important and how vital these schools have been to the advancement of African Americans. Mr. Speaker, by establishing these amazing places or institutions of learn-ing, against all odds, and by turning them into world-class institutions, Af-rican-American leaders have made it clear that we hold the belief in edu-cation just as dearly as anyone else in America. However, to ensure that some day we can celebrate these amazing institu-tions’ 200th and 300th anniversaries, it is critical that we, as a country, resist the shameful attacks on our education system. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the cur-rent tax plan being negotiated by my Republican colleagues threatens our educational system like never before. It pains me to stand here tonight con-gratulating 150 years of academic ex-cellence while a small group of Repub-licans are working behind closed doors to strip educational opportunities for millions of Americans. I do not believe that this is what the constituents voted for. U.S. citizens did not vote for higher student loan pay-ments, teachers digging deeper in their pockets to supply the basic needs for their students, and a punishing tax on university endowments. This is truly a tax scam. But perhaps the most senseless attacks on this suc-cess are coming from the White House. Earlier this year, I was horrified to see the President refer to the HBCUs as ‘‘unconstitutional’’ simply because they were the answer to a fundamen-tally unequal education system. And let me be clear, HBCUs were cre-ated because there were no other choices. However, this feeling of being horrified or disappointed, I had fre-quently this year. While I am horrified, unfortunately, it is no longer a sur-prise. After all, this is a President who refused to denounce the blatant racism in Charlottesville and whose Education Secretary foolishly called HBCUs the ‘‘pioneers of school choice.’’ Clearly she doesn’t know the history because there was no choice, Mr. Speaker. b2000 While this can be unfortunate, dis-appointing, and even sickening, HBCUs were born out of adversity, and I see no reason to cave to the pressure now. We need to protect our HBCUs for future generations, for tomorrow’s leaders be-cause, as we continue to see, equality is a fight. Equality is a process. I know a day will come, and I pray that I will be able to see with my own eyes, that equality in education and equality in this country is a reality. But until then, we must acknowledge today’s successes, the successes of these amazing places, institutions of learning, and continue to fight for to-morrow’s dreams of our next genera-tion. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for her contribution tonight and for her support of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina has 24
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Third District of Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), who is the ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I also want to thank her for her leader-ship in organizing this Special Order and for her leadership of the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities Caucus. HBCUs provide a great value to America, and I am honored to rep-resent a congressional district that is home to two HBCUs: Hampton Univer-sity, which celebrates its 150th anni-versary next year, and Norfolk State University. Since their inception, HBCUs have been the cornerstone of postsecondary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.043 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9785 December 11, 2017 
education for the African-American community. This was true 150 years ago and remains true today. HBCUs ac-count for no more than 3 percent of all colleges and universities, yet they en-roll almost 10 percent of all African- American undergraduate students and produce about 15 percent of all bach-elor’s degrees earned by African Ameri-cans. They also produce 25 percent of Afri-can-American STEM graduates and 33 percent of African-American science and engineering Ph.D.’s. Approxi-mately half of all African-American teachers graduated from HBCUs. Many of them choose to teach in high-minor-ity, low-income school districts where they serve as role models for their communities. As ranking member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, I know the prominent role that HBCUs play in our higher education landscape. I believe that strengthening and supporting them must be a key pri-ority as Congress looks ahead to tak-ing action on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. However, it does not appear that the majority shares that belief. The Committee on Education and the Workforce meets tomorrow morning at 10 to mark up H.R. 4508, a partisan re-write of the Higher Education Act that was drafted in secret, introduced less than 2 weeks ago, and is now being con-sidered in committee without a single hearing on the bill. Mr. Speaker, HBCUs, those who lead them, those who support them, and those who hope their children might one day attend them, should be gravely concerned with H.R. 4508. This is a bad deal for students, a bad deal for schools, and a bad deal for working families. This bill would decimate the Federal student aid for low-income students. It would significantly reduce available aid for grants—that is money that stu-dents don’t have to pay back, forcing them to borrow more money. It leaves the Pell Grant program as the only re-maining grant aid, yet it fails to in-crease Pell dollars, fails to increase the Pell maximum award to account for in-flation, and it expands eligibility to low-quality programs without any Fed-eral oversight. This bill changes the available terms for Federal student loans, making them far less generous than current law, and eliminates the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, a program that attracts the best and the brightest to forgo higher salaries in exchange for public service. H.R. 4508 caps loan amounts for grad-uate students and families, pushing them into higher interest, private mar-kets, and even bars graduate students from participating in Federal work study. The Republican bill fails to reauthor-ize the Perkins Loan Program, a cam-pus-based aid program that allows low- income students to access low-cost loans, and eliminates other forms of campus-based aid. Mr. Speaker, there is no way around it. This is a bad bill. H.R. 4508 will force students to borrow more money, pay more to borrow more, and pay more when they pay that money back. It makes college more expensive at every step of the process, putting col-lege and graduate degrees further out of reach for low-income and minority students. Those are groups that are al-ready underrepresented in our higher education system and served at higher rates by HBCUs and other minority- serving institutions. Further, the bill makes no additional investment in minority-serving insti-tutions and other underresourced insti-tutions, institutions that tend to serve communities of color, and eliminates grant programs that support minority students who want to pursue post-graduate degrees. The bill would even incentivize institutions to forgo enroll-ment of high-risk students. Lastly, the bill prioritizes low- or no- quality workforce training over more advanced credentialing, potentially ex-acerbating what is on track to become a two-tiered system of higher edu-cation: college and graduate school for the wealthy, and direct-to-workforce training for the poor. While not every student seeks to pur-sue a 4-year degree or even a graduate degree, every student must have that option and opportunity to make that choice. According to the United Negro College Fund: ‘‘We remain deeply con-cerned that H.R. 4508 falls short of ena-bling college success for minority and low-income students who can help our country compete and win the global economy. On balance, the PROSPER Act would cause minority and low-in-come students to pay more to earn their college degrees at a time when they should be paying less. In addition, we are concerned that one theme of the bill is to highlight short-term training options, when a 4-year college degree has a substantially greater payoff, in general, with higher lifetime earnings and lower unemployment—and this payoff may be the greatest for minor-ity and low-income students. Further, a significant shortcoming of the bill is it fails to make any new investment in HBCUs which pull above their weight in producing African-American college graduates and, worse, it cuts the cur-rent Federal investment in these insti-tutions.’’ Mr. Speaker, we want to ask what problem H.R. 4508 is trying to solve. Does the majority think there is too much money to send poor and minority students to college? Does the majority think that there are too many poor students and minority students access-ing and completing their college edu-cation? Does the majority think that inequality in higher education is solved? Mr. Speaker, as we rise to commemo-rate 150 years of HBCU excellence, let us remember that we still have a fight to fight. Let us reject H.R. 4508 and fight for a Higher Education Act that not only honors HBCU excellence, but also builds on it through investing in students and working families. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from North Carolina for orga-nizing this Special Order. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his comments and for his work in edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Second District of Pennsyl-vania (Mr. E
VANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would like to thank my good colleague from the great State of North Carolina for her leadership on this very impor-tant issue. I am proud to stand here with so many of my friends and colleagues to-night for a topic near and dear to my heart: the continued viability and suc-cess and importance of HBCUs. Our HBCUs play an incredible crit-ical role in the stability and strength in our Nation. I truly believe, in order to build stronger neighborhoods, better schools, and other community-sustain-able institutions, we must go block by block, we must celebrate the diversity, and we must salute the rich history of the HBCUs and the phenomenal con-tributions that they have made and will continue to make to our commu-nities nationwide. I am so proud to say that, for years, our HBCUs have produced amazing leaders who not only contribute to their respective fields, but who also pride themselves on making sure the next generation of African Americans succeed. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the proud home of two exceptional HBCUs: Cheyney University and Lin-coln University. They share the dis-tinction of being the first two HBCUs founded in America, a point of great pride to the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania. Many of my fellow members of the CBC have HBCUs in their States, but they started in Pennsylvania. Many students and residents in the Second Congressional District call Lin-coln and Cheyney their alma mater. Cheyney was founded on February 25, 1837, three decades before the Emanci-pation Proclamation. This year, Cheyney is celebrating its 180th anni-versary. Cheyney is located outside of Penn-sylvania’s Second Congressional Dis-trict and is the oldest HBCU in the country. For years, Cheyney was known as a teachers college and has played an incredibly viable role within the Commonwealth, ensuring the ele-mentary, secondary, middle school, and high school teachers at schools in the city of Philadelphia and across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are prepared and have the necessary skills in order to train our students for suc-cess in the classroom and beyond. That brings us to Lincoln University. Lincoln was established as our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.045 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9786 December 11, 2017 
first degree-granting HBCU. Lincoln was designated as the first institution in the world to provide higher edu-cation in the arts and sciences for young African-American males and is famous for two of the lions of Black American history: Langston Hughes, and the Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. Today, Lincoln is one of the largest employers in south-ern Chester County, Pennsylvania. Our HBCUs nationwide are critical to the strength and stability of our Na-tion. Just like our cities, our schools compete for people. We have the power to continue to define the rich history and the legacies of our HBCUs. I am proud to stand here today with our friends and colleagues to send a strong message that it is on us. It is our job to ensure that we protect these institutions that are true treasures and recognize their significant societal contributions by continuing to ensure their success. I salute the Lincoln Lions and the Cheyney Wolves. Both of these institu-tions are very proud, and I am proud that they are institutions in the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for not only his support, but for his con-tributions to our Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Sixth District of South Caro-lina (Mr. C
LYBURN ), our final speaker, the Democratic Assistant Leader. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I stand before this House tonight as the proud Representative of the congressional district that has seven of the eight HBCUs in South Carolina within its borders: Allen and Benedict in Colum-bia; Claflin and South Carolina State in Orangeburg; Morris in Sumter; Voorhees, Denmark Tech in Denmark, South Carolina; and Clinton College in Rock Hill, South Carolina. I listened intently as some of the speakers spoke before me, and I would like to give just a brief overview of the history of HBCUs. You have heard from the previous speaker that the first HBCU was Cheyney State in 1837. Well, it is kind of interesting. That school was created a few decades before the Emancipation Proclamation, so it means that before slavery was abolished, HBCUs existed. Now, one of the interesting things that took place during the Civil War was the creation of something called the Morrill Act. The gentleman from Vermont, Justin Morrill, introduced legislation to train people not just in agriculture, but in military training. b2015 That law was signed by the Presi-dent, President Abraham Lincoln, July 2, 1862. Now, the interesting thing is that when the law was enacted, the South-ern States refused to implement that law on behalf of people of color. They would not allow any person of color to attend those schools. Consequently, Justin Morrill went back before the Congress and, in 1880, created a second Morrill Act, this time mandating that these schools be established in the former slave States for people of color. Now, I bring that up tonight because one of the speakers talked about Presi-dent Trump signing a bill earlier this year and issuing what we call a signing statement. In his statement, he said that he is going to sign the bill, though he questioned the constitutionality of that section of the bill that funded His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities. Just think about this: the history of this country was to deny educational opportunities to people of color, and now we have a President of the United States today saying that those schools that were established for the express purpose of educating those citizens, that legislation is unconstitutional. If nothing else we have heard from this President bothers you, that one thing should bother every person in the United States of America. Now, I have talked about those schools that I am proud to represent. I met with the President. Unfortunately, I heard stuff all over the weekend about the Congressional Black Caucus refusing to meet with President Trump. That is not true. The leader-ship of the Congressional Black Caucus did, in fact, meet with him, and though I don’t hold a leadership position, they invited me to go along. So I sat with the President in the Oval Office, and I told the President something that I want to share with the listeners tonight about HBCUs. I told the President the story of a young man whom a lot of people have heard of, Ronald McNair. Ronald McNair was an astronaut who lost his life in the blowup of the Challenger. Ronald McNair came from the little town of Lake City, South Carolina, in the Sixth Congressional District that I proudly represent, and I got to know him and his family very well. We were talking one day as he was getting ready to retire from astronaut school. In fact, that accident of the Challenger was to be his last flight. He was going to retire. He was coming home to be a professor at the Univer-sity of South Carolina, also in my dis-trict. He said to me that when he grad-uated from high school in Lake City and went off to North Carolina A&T, he had to take remedial courses. Now, everybody talked about Ron McNair. I shared this with the Presi-dent. I told him, I said: Everybody talked about him having a physics de-gree from MIT. Nobody talks about the fact that he went to North Carolina A&T. And he said to me: Had it not been for North Carolina A&T, he never would have made it. Why? Because it was on that small campus he was nur-tured. When they saw in him that he had the ability to be a great physicist, the ability to be a great astronaut, what he did not have was the back-ground, the educational preparation that was not provided for him in that little rural town that he grew up in, and the same thing is taking place today. There are communities in my con-gressional district where there are gift-ed young people, but they come from what we call Gullah Geechee commu-nities from the seacoast, those islands off the seacoast where they are smart, highly intelligent, but they know only the culture that they grew up in. So they may not know how to make a sub-ject and verb agree properly, and, therefore, when they go off to college, would have to take a remedial course in order to get those subjects and verbs to agree. But they are very bright, very smart students, and they have been in-tentionally undereducated by the States that many of them come out of. I know, for more than 20 years, the Legislature in South Carolina did not fund these schools properly, and we went before the State supreme court. That case lasted for over 20 years, and recently the Supreme Court decided to take the school districts from under that order that it issued some time ago. So these communities have been in-tentionally underfunded for their pub-lic schools, and these students grad-uate high school, go off to college, and they need the nurturing that they get from an HBCU. So if anybody tells you that HBCUs are unconstitutional, that ought to tell you all you need to know to stay away from that person. I want to close by talking up my alma mater, South Carolina State Uni-versity. There are a lot of good things to consider about South Carolina State, but one is this, and I want all of you to go and check the record. You will find, if you check all the schools in the country that have pro-duced general officers in the military, general officers of color, you will find that South Carolina State University, and South Carolina State College be-fore it, has produced more African- American general officers than any other school in the country, and that includes the service academies. I am very proud of what HBCUs have done, I am very proud of that HBCU that I attended, and I am very proud that Sister A
LMAADAMS , who co-chairs the HBCU Caucus, has allowed me to speak about it this evening. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from South Caro-lina, and I can certainly associate my-self with those remarks that you spoke about with Ron McNair. I, too, enrolled at North Carolina A&T not fully pre-pared, but they made a committed in-vestment in me, and I was able to go on and receive my Ph.D. from the Ohio State University only because of North Carolina A&T, an HBCU which has done so much for all of our students. I want to acknowledge Elizabeth City State University; Fayetteville State University; North Carolina A&T, my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.046 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9787 December 11, 2017 
alma mater twice; North Carolina Cen-tral University; Winston-Salem State University; Barber-Scotia College; Ben-nett College; Johnson C. Smith Univer-sity, in my 12th district; Livingstone College; St. Augustine’s University; and Shaw University. All of these col-leges reside in North Carolina, and we are so very proud of the work that they are doing. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina has 1 minute remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, let me just thank all of my colleagues for coming out tonight and to say that we are cer-tainly very proud of our schools, and we celebrate them tonight and every day. We acknowledge the work that they have done. We acknowledge all of the corporate folks who have pledged to work with our HBCUs, our tech com-panies in connection with Howard Uni-versity, and all of the other tech cor-porations that have stepped forward to help us and to help our schools and to continue to enable the young people who so ably deserve a college education are able to do that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of my colleagues who came tonight and those who will join us as we continue to work on behalf of Historically Black Colleges and Universities so that they not only continue to survive, but that they thrive. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the 150th Anniversary of Historically Black Col-leges and Universities (HBCUs). Nine HBCUs—Alabama State University, Barber- Scotia College, Fayetteville State University, Howard University, Johnson C. Smith Univer-sity, Morehouse College, Morgan State Uni-versity, St. Augustine’s University, and Talladega College, celebrate 150 years of ex-cellence this year. HBCUs are pillars of the black community and important contributors to the strength of our nation. 40 percent of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) are graduates from one or more HBCUs and with their representation they continue to remind us of the importance of fighting for these institutions. HBCUs not only provide a college education for 300,000 students every year, but they are economic powerhouses. Since 2017 HBCUs have gen-erated an annual economic impact of $14.8 billion annually—nearly $5 billion higher than in 2006. I’ve seen the substantial impact of HBCUs in my district by the example Paul Quinn Col-lege has set. Paul Quinn College plays a major role in the economic success of its graduates by enhancing their education, train-ing and leadership skills. A college degree opens the door to economic prosperity through greater employment and earnings potential. In fact, Paul Quinn College’s class of 2014 can expect total earnings of $53 million over their lifetimes—that’s 77 percent more than they could expect to earn without their college cre-dentials. Paul Quinn College not only contributes to the economic success of its students, but it also provides a foundation for students to grow. Like many HBCUs, Paul Quinn College is committed to the holistic development of their students. Professors not only focus on academic excellence, but they also invest in the professional and individual development of their students. HBCUs will always be a prominent force in our nation. As a member of the Congressional Black Caucus I recognize the importance of its funding and legacy in our country. Please join me in recognizing the legacy of HBCUs across our country. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of representational duties in congres-sional district. 
f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of the House of the fol-lowing title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker on Thursday, December 7, 2017; 
H.J. Res. 123. Joint resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, December 12, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3342. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Army case number 15-04, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appro-priations. 3343. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Procedures for Determining Eligibility for Access to Classified Matter or Special Nu-clear Material [Docket No.: AU-RM-17- PACNM] (RIN: 1992-AA56) received December 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3344. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Yemen that was de-clared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3345. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to Implement United States Policy toward Cuba [Docket No.: 171013999- 7999-01] (RIN: 0694-AH47) received November 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3346. A letter from the Director, Office of Administration, Executive Office of the President, transmitting an accounting of the transactions from the Unanticipated Needs Account for fiscal year 2017, pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 108(b); Public Law 95-570, Sec. 2(a); (92 Stat. 2449); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3347. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-190, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Support Clarification Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3348. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-191, ‘‘At-Risk Tenant Protection Clarifying Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3349. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-192, ‘‘Operator’s Permit and Drug Offense Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3350. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-194, ‘‘DMV Services Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3351. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-197, ‘‘Mobile DMV Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3352. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-193, ‘‘Exhaust Emissions Inspec-tion Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3353. A letter from the Administrator and Chief Executive Officer, Bonneville Power Administration, Department of Energy, transmitting the Bonneville Power Adminis-tration’s 2017 Annual Report, pursuant to the Third Powerplant at Grand Coulee Dam Act, 16 U.S.C. 835j, and the Chief Financial Offi-cers Act, Public Law 101-576, applicable to Government corporations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3354. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, Bureau for Europe and Eurasia, United States Agency for International De-velopment, transmitting a report of a nomi-nation and a change in previously submitted reported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3355. A letter from the Acting Chief Execu-tive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress and the Corporation for National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.047 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9788 December 11, 2017 
and Community Service’s Response and Re-port on Final Action for the six-month pe-riod from April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3356. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2017 Agency Financial Report and Annual Performance Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3357. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s Fiscal Year 2017 Agency Finan-cial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3358. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s Performance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3359. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s annual Agency Financial Re-port for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3360. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, Patent and Trademark Office, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Setting and Ad-justing Patent Fees during Fiscal Year 2017 [Docket No.: PTO-P-2015-0056] (RIN: 0651- AD02) received November 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3361. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2016 Methane Hydrate Program Report to Congress, pursuant to the Methane Hydrate Research and Development Act of 2000, as amended by Sec. 968 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 3362. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity regulations, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical Amendment to List of User Fee Airports: Removal of Meadows Field Air-port, Bakersfield, CA and the Addition of Griffiss International Airport, Rome NY; Van Nuys Airport, Van Nuys, CA; Cobb County Airport-McCollum Field, Kennesaw, GA; and Charlotte-Monroe Executive Air-port, Monroe, NC [CBP Dec. 17-18] received November 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3363. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Publication of the Tier 2 Tax Rates received December 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3364. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 5000A Guidance for Individ-uals with No Available Marketplace Bronze- Level Plan [Notice 2017-74] received Decem-ber 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3365. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2017 Base Period T-Bill Rate (Rev. Rul. 2017-23) received December 5, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3366. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Final Report to Congress: The Money Follows the Person Rebalancing Demonstration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1396a note; Public Law 109-171, Sec. 6071(g)(2) (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 2403(b)(2)); (124 Stat. 305); jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 3359. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–454, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1399. A bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–455). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1730. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the pro-tection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–456). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1733. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental ben-efits of the re-refining of used lubricating oil (Rept. 115–457). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2880. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to promote closed-loop pumped storage hydropower, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–458). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 1313. A bill to clarify rules relating to nondiscriminatory work-place wellness programs; with an amendment (Rept. 115–459, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4171. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel ex-penses test programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–460). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1313 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Oversight and Government Reform, and Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3359 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C
UELLAR , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 4605. A bill to repeal restrictions on the export and import of natural gas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 4606. A bill to provide that applica-tions under the Natural Gas Act for the im-portation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modi-fication or delay; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. D UFFY ): H.R. 4607. A bill to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduc-tion Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal finan-cial regulators perform a comprehensive re-view of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory require-ments imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 4608. A bill to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 4609. A bill to provide for the convey-ance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire sta-tion; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. K
IND, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. A
LLEN , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P OCAN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. W
ALORSKI ): H.R. 4610. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the electronic delivery of pension plan information; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself and Ms. P
LASKETT ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11DE7.000 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9789 December 11, 2017 
H.R. 4611. A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for certain employees of the Federal Emergency Management Agency during fiscal years 2017 and 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. B UDD, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 4612. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 125 North Main Street in Louisburg, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Warren E. Massenburg Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for herself, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
UDSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 4613. A bill to allow the use of claims, eligibility, and payment data to produce re-ports, analyses, and presentations to benefit Medicare, and other similar health insurance programs, entities, researchers, and health care providers, to help develop cost saving approaches, standards, and reference mate-rials and to support medical care and im-proved payment models; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R USH, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B
USTOS , and Mr. P ERRY ): H.R. 4614. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for an invest-ment tax credit related to the production of electricity from nuclear energy; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. D
ESANTIS ): H.R. 4615. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to require Members of Congress to reimburse the Treas-ury for amounts paid as awards and settle-ments resulting from violations of such Act consisting of acts of sexual harassment which were committed personally by the Members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. MEEKS: H. Res. 655. A resolution calling for Con-gress to investigate allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 4605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Con-stitution By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 4606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Con-stitution By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 4607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 4608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 4609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 4611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 4612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 4613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 4615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 5 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 146: Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 394: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 488: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 502: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C
UELLAR , and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 548: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 632: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K EATING , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 750: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 846: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 881: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 946: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1267: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 1552: Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 1555: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1676: Mr. M
ARINO and Mr. C ONAWAY . H.R. 1730: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 1861: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1865: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1889: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut. H.R. 1939: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1987: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 2044: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2076: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2092: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2106: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. K IND, Mr. C RIST, and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 2150: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2215: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2219: Mr. M
EEKS and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 2287: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 2413: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2416: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2491: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2570: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 2589: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2616: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 2652: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 2687: Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2723: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2740: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K
IND, and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 2899: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2902: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2948: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 2996: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 3010: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3011: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3030: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 3139: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 3239: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 3256: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3282: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 3314: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3331: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 3397: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3409: Mr. H
UNTER and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 3464: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 3600: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 3635: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. M AR-
SHALL . H.R. 3687: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 3696: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3730: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 3798: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3871: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3976: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4006: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4059: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4092: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 4099: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4143: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4144: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4147: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4170: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 4202: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 4207: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4215: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 4222: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 4223: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4229: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4240: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4253: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4306: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4311: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4328: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. C
OFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11DE7.100 H11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9790 December 11, 2017 
H.R. 4339: Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4340: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4363: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4392: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. E VANS , Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mr. C OSTA , and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4396: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 4424: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4434: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 4444: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 4465: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4473: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4474: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 4476: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4521: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4526: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 4527: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4541: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 4547: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4582: Ms. N
ORTON and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 4590: Mr. B
ABIN. H.J. Res. 48: Ms. M
OORE . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 95: Mr. P
ETERS . H. Res. 90: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 164: Mr. R
UIZ. H. Res. 276: Mr. K
IND. H. Res. 310: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H. Res. 314: Mr. R
UIZ. H. Res. 336: Mr. F
ASO. H. Res. 407: Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Res. 466: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 604: Mr. J
ONES . H. Res. 640: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 643: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
70. The SPEAKER presented a petition of State Representative Luis Arroyo, relative to Illinois House Resolution 164, encouraging the 115th Congress to introduce and pass new legislation on the admission of Puerto Rico as the 51st state; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 71. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-son, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urg-ing Congress to propose, pursuant to Article V, an amendment to the United States Con-stitution that would, in addition to congres-sional proposal, likewise allow an identi-cally-worded suggested federal constitu-tional amendment, approved by the legisla-tures of at least two-thirds of the several states, as an alternate means of proposing future amendments and that would further provide for a same-day nationwide ref-erendum as the exclusive method of ratify-ing any future amendments; thus repealing all references to a national proposing con-vention, repealing all references to ratifying conventions conducted within the individual states, and repealing all references to state legislative ratification. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Mar 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\DECEMBER\H11DE7.REC H11DE7
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7937 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2017 No. 201 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Loving God, sovereign of our Nation, keep our frailty before us that we might set our hearts on You. Today, let Your peace go with our lawmakers, guiding them in their work and pro-tecting them from life’s storms. Lord, remind them that those who trust You will not lack any good thing. Though our Senators face many challenges, rescue them from each difficulty. May they remember that they live this day only once and should therefore strive today to bless all the people they can in every way they can. Give them the wisdom to be receptive to Your guid-ance, always trusting You to direct their steps. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NEW YORK CITY ATTEMPTED TERROR ATTACK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, as we continue to learn more details about the attempted terror attack this morning in Manhattan, I wish to com-mend the law enforcement and intel-ligence community that quickly re-acted to the attack. Their courage in the face of danger protected the lives of those around them. f 
NOMINATION OF LEONARD STEVEN GRASZ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, this week, the Senate will consider three more outstanding individuals nominated by President Trump to serve on our Nation’s Federal circuit courts. For 8 years, we had a President who selected judicial nominees based on a so-called ‘‘empathy standard.’’ It was an ideological litmus test designed to find nominees who would favor certain groups or individuals over others. While that may sound like a good standard for the party in the case for whom the judge has empathy, it doesn’t sound so great if you are the other person. On the other hand, President Trump has nominated talented individuals who will ensure that the Federal judi-ciary maintains its particular role in our constitutional system. The judicial nominees before the Senate this week are each well-credentialed and have the integrity and temperament to serve our Nation on the circuit courts. They are dedicated to upholding the rule of law and giving every litigant a fair shake. That is how the American peo-ple expect judges to decide cases, and the Senate is working to confirm Presi-dent Trump’s nominees, who will do just that. First, the Senate will consider the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz to serve on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. Then it will consider the nom-ination of Texas Supreme Court Jus-tice Don Willett to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Finally, later this week, the Senate will consider the nomination of James Ho to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Each of these nominees will make strong additions to the Federal bench, and I look forward to considering them in the coming days. I wish to once again commend Chair-man GRASSLEY for his leadership of the Senate Judiciary Committee. His ex-cellent work has allowed us to bring these nominees to the floor. Later today, the Senate will advance the nomination of Mr. Grasz, a tal-ented individual with experience in both private practice and public serv-ice. After graduating from law school at the University of Nebraska, Mr. Grasz began a distinguished career in law. Working as the chief deputy attorney general of Nebraska for nearly 12 years, he excelled, representing the State of Nebraska in numerous appellate cases, including before the U.S. Supreme Court. Nebraska Governor Pete Ricketts, along with five other top State offi-cials, wrote a letter to the Judiciary Committee supporting Mr. Grasz’s nomination. Here is what they had to say: 
Steve has become a leading expert on state and federal constitutional law. His demeanor and temperament have earned the respect of Nebraskans across the political spectrum in our state. 
Mr. Grasz has won the support of prominent Nebraskans from both sides of the aisle. Our former colleague, Sen-ator Ben Nelson, came to know Mr. Grasz when Senator Nelson was the Governor of Nebraska. Senator Nelson wrote: 
Steve won my respect by putting consider-able skills to work as an effective legal advo-cate for our state. We sometimes found ourselves disagreeing on policy; nevertheless, I quickly learned that Steve was the kind of consummate pro-fessional who is capable of putting whatever personal views he may have aside when ap-propriate in his capacity as a public servant. He was an asset to our state, and Nebras-kans benefitted from having such a capable and thoughtful professional in public service. 
Furthermore, the Obama administra-tion’s U.S. attorney for Nebraska 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE6.000 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7938 December 11, 2017 
worked with Mr. Grasz in the State, and she wrote in support of his nomina-tion: 
Steve has always enjoyed a reputation for honesty, impeccable integrity and dedication to the rule of law. He possesses an even temperament well- suited for the bench, and always acts with respect to all [who] interact with him. 
In addition, a letter from the current and previous presidents of the Omaha Bar Association stated that the Omaha legal community supports Mr. Grasz’s nomination ‘‘without hesitation.’’ The letter goes on to say that he ‘‘possesses the legal expertise, professionalism, character, and ethics that are de-manded of a Judge on the Eighth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals.’’ The local legal community—both government officials and private attor-neys—overwhelmingly attest not just to Mr. Grasz’s impressive qualifica-tions but to his commitment to fair-ness and the rule of law. Through his decades of legal practice, Mr. Grasz has shown that he is the right choice to serve on the Eighth Cir-cuit. I am proud to join with our col-leagues from Nebraska in supporting Mr. Grasz’s nomination. I look forward to voting to advance this nomination later today and to confirming all three of these circuit court nominees this week. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
RECOGNIZING JAMES WILLIAMS AND NICK  
CLASON  
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, be-fore I turn to the main portion of my remarks, I would be remiss if I failed to recognize two staffers who were instru-mental in helping us pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act earlier this month— James Williams, my senior policy ad-viser, and Nick Clason, a talented young staffer. Both worked long hours to help make tax reform a reality. I wanted to take just a brief moment to recognize them for the late nights they spent helping me to hash out the de-tails of this bill. They are some of the hardest working members of my staff, and I hope they know how much I ap-preciate them. AMERICA ’S ROLE IN GLOBAL AFFAIRS  
Madam President, I wish to turn to a subject of great importance to our na-tional security. This morning’s ter-rorist attack reminded all of us that danger is never far away from our Na-tion’s shores. While details about the bombing in New York are still emerg-ing, we already know one thing for cer-tain: This was an attack not only on the American people but on the prin-ciples that we stand for. It was an at-tack on our freedom and our very way of life. The violence we witnessed this morn-ing stands as a stark reminder that America has many enemies. Overseas, animosity toward the United States grows stronger as the world grows ever more chaotic, so today I wish to speak on America’s role in these turbulent times. As the Trump administration works to return our country back to its right-ful role as the leader of a broken world, you will find my foreign policy rec-ommendations today to be not only in-trinsically American but also inher-ently good. My solution to the chaos that now grips the world is the simple principle articulated by President Reagan over 30 years ago in his ‘‘evil empire’’ speech. Addressing the Na-tional Association of Evangelicals, he said these words: 
America is good. And if America ever ceases to be good, America will cease to be great. 
To be sure, we find ourselves in a world very different from that which President Reagan faced. Today, the structured diplomatic environment we once operated in has come into ques-tion with the fall of local governments in much of the Middle East. Global al-liances, while strong in the commit-ments and connectivity among member nations, are weak in direction and long-term purpose. Political narratives of states—once stable and predictable— must today compete with the conversa-tions being had on the streets and in the classrooms by those with access to mobile phones and social media. Since Reagan’s time, the world has not only grown more complicated but also more dangerous. The threat of state-on-state military showdowns seems imminent—particularly with North Korea and Iran. Where we had achieved military suc-cesses, we remain reluctant to declare victory, as is the case with ISIS, and to deal with the most intractable issues, such as the conflicts in Syria, Afghani-stan, and Iraq, we seem to rely on part-ner nations that often work at cross purposes with our own objectives. How has the United States engaged with this chaos? In many cases, Presi-dent Obama sought to ignore it alto-gether. Indeed, if his foreign policy could be boiled down to two words, they would be these: ‘‘Stay out.’’ The Obama administration spent the better part of 8 years making disengagement a cornerstone of American foreign pol-icy, captured by the euphemism ‘‘off-shore balancing’’—in other words, de-ferring to local actors to manage re-gional problems. The Obama doctrine offered easy an-swers to complex problems, but easy answers are rarely the right answers, and a gradual U.S. withdrawal from an increasingly chaotic world under Presi-dent Obama only made matters worse. Thanks to the hands-off approach of his predecessor, President Trump in-herited a truly unprecedented state of world disorder. Despite these great challenges, our ability to achieve good in the world has not diminished. If we are to achieve good in the world—if we are to restore peace and stability in these troubled times—then we must first rediscover our purpose in global affairs. We must make an honest assessment of where we have gone wrong in the past and how we can improve in the future. In our engagement with the world, we seem to have drifted far from how we used to do things. The foreign pol-icy of President Obama, for example, chose to transact in one of two words: ‘‘threats’’ and ‘‘interests.’’ How big is the threat to national security that ISIS or a nuclear Iran possesses? What is the U.S. interest in Syria? How do we preserve American security and in-terests in the South Pacific? Under this myopic approach, anything that didn’t fit neatly into either a threat or interest was of little importance. The foreign policy of the Obama years put the United States in a short-term re-sponsive mode, with little capacity to ask about the future. Rediscovering our purpose in the world requires us to look beyond mere considerations of threats and interests. It requires us to reconnect with our core values by making them central to our foreign policy. Foremost among those values is promoting freedom. Freedom is what we stand for as a na-tion. As President Reagan said: 
America is freedom—freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of enterprise. And freedom is special and rare. It’s fragile; it needs protection. 
President Bush carried this tradition, squarely identifying the perpetrators of the 9/11 attacks as enemies of free-dom. As he keenly observed, what di-vided the United States from its adver-saries was not faith, not skin color, not gender or race, but hatred of America and the freedoms it stands for. President Bush did not mince words in describing exactly who our enemy was. Following the 9/11 attacks, he de-scribed those who committed the at-tacks as belonging to ‘‘a fringe form of Islamic extremism that has been re-jected by Muslim scholars and the vast majority of Muslim clerics, a fringe movement that perverts the peaceful teachings of Islam.’’ In his use of the phrase ‘‘Islamic ex-tremism,’’ President Bush was not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.001 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7939 December 11, 2017 
afraid to call the enemy by its name, and neither were our Muslim allies who joined us in the fight against ter-rorism. In the name of political cor-rectness, President Obama refused to use the words ‘‘Islamic extremism,’’ in-sisting instead on the vague expression ‘‘violent extremism.’’ This small but consequential change caused deep conceptual and bureau-cratic damage to our strategy and our institutions. Not only did the Obama administration distract us from gain-ing understanding of who the adversary is and the tools needed to fight and un-derstand him, but it also deemed irrel-evant once-successful government pro-grams on the grounds that they did not adequately address this beltway term of ‘‘violent extremism.’’ Meanwhile, jihadist groups outpaced and out-maneuvered Obama’s sophistry by stra-tegically embedding themselves within local populations in Syria and Iraq, disguising themselves as moderate and protective of local populations. In place of the feckless foreign policy of the Obama years, I offer instead of global policy defined by one word: ‘‘purpose.’’ With purpose, we can look to the future and address the kind of legacy we hope to leave behind. With purpose, we can define what it is we seek to achieve in the world, where we can make a difference, and how we can effect lasting change on a global scale. Rediscovering our purpose in global affairs doesn’t mean giving up our focus on threats and interests. Quite the opposite, it means ensuring that the way in which we address threats and interests helps us achieve our ulti-mate goal—that of ensuring freedom in the world. Today’s world offers many opportuni-ties to act with renewed purpose in the defense of freedom. In Syria, for exam-ple, a collapsing ISIS caliphate and a bloody civil war leave a traumatized population in their wake. While a polit-ical solution for all of Syria seems re-mote, we can work toward meaningful goals in the near term to help resettle internally displaced persons. Although much of the country remains at war, we should focus on helping the most vulnerable populations within these pockets of promise—those neighbor-hoods in Northwest Syria and along the Jordanian and Israeli borders. Within these pockets of promise, we can change people’s lives—and ultimately, the region—by working with our local partners to build hospitals and schools with modern curricula. In Iran, too, we can make a dif-ference. The President’s recent deci-sion to decertify the Iran deal was itself a step in the right direction. The Iran deal singlehandedly gave inter-national legitimacy to an enemy re-gime openly committed to the destruc-tion of the United States and its allies. This deal was indeed a bad one; its only achievement, if it can be called such, was deferring the question of when, not whether, Iran will be able to achieve a nuclear weapon. It only hardened the hostile voices against the United States, allowing them to build a case that those who oppose the deal are en-emies of the Iranian people. This asser-tion is plainly false. As the President noted in his address to the United Na-tions, the good people of Iran want change, and they are the regime’s long-est suffering victims. The President now has the oppor-tunity to act with renewed purpose in the region, dealing a final blow to the Ayatollah’s antics. Moving forward, as we leverage military strength to dis-rupt the regime’s hostile activities around the world, we can also actively use diplomatic channels to support the wishes of the Iranian people—to pro-mote their freedoms and to help them realize the opportunities their govern-ment denies them. Meanwhile, in North Korea, as we prepare for any scenario that might await us, we must acknowledge our ul-timate strategic advantage—our allies. The greatest threat to Kim Jong Un is that he is completely isolated from his neighbors and his people. As we seek diplomatic approaches to deescalating the tensions, we must en-sure that it is the right kind of diplo-macy with the right message—a mes-sage about the future of the region and the future of a new North Korea in that region. If Mr. Kim does not realize the need to change his ways, then certainly he will get that message when he sees the might of his neighbors working with the United States toward shared objectives. That is the power of alli-ances, of strong and loyal partnerships. Even as we resolve to do good in these situations, we must remain as vigilant and aggressive as ever in meeting the threats that no doubt will continue to test us. The key will be to stand true to ourselves and our allies. That is what we did when the President recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel last week. That is what I sought to do in my meetings with Prime Min-ister Theresa May and MI5 Director- General Andrew Parker during my visit to the United Kingdom last month. There, I highlighted the need to pass legislation to enable our two na-tions to work more closely together in the fight against terror and criminal activity. We talked about my International Communications Privacy Act, which would create a clear legal framework for law enforcement officials who ac-cess data relevant to criminal inves-tigations stored in other countries. We also spoke about legislation to imple-ment the U.S.-U.K. data-sharing agree-ment, which would give law enforce-ment in our two countries reciprocal rights to access data stored in the other country under certain prescribed circumstances. I told the Prime Min-ister and the Director-General that I believe these two pieces of legislation are closely linked and that I am ac-tively looking for vehicles to move them forward. This is precisely what President Reagan meant when he welcomed Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher to Washington upon assuming the Presi-dency: Our two countries are ‘‘kindred nations of like-minded people and must face their tests together. . . . [For in-deed], the responsibility for freedom is ours to share.’’ It is when America realizes its pur-pose—to do good in the world by de-fending freedom—that our greatness will be known. As we bring ourselves out from the margins of international affairs and piecing together the broken shards of that world order we have worked for decades to shape, let us help the administration and the country re-discover the purpose we were destined to pursue. Only then, and only to-gether, will we be able to make Amer-ica and the world great again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mr. SASSE. Madam President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Steve Grasz to the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Eighth Circuit. One of the most important things this Senate has done this year and will do for the re-mainder of the year—and, in fact, well into 2018—is to consider nominees to the Federal courts. When I talk to Nebraskans, I con-stantly hear from women and men who tell me that the No. 1 issue they care about when they vote for President is the judiciary. Nebraskans want judges who understand that judges are not lawmakers. Nebraskans want judges who understand that a lifetime ap-pointment isn’t designed to do politics. Nebraskans want judges who under-stand that the courts are to uphold the laws fairly and impartially. My colleagues and I on the Judiciary Committee agree with those Nebras-kans from townhalls and coffee shops and Rotary clubs. In the Judiciary Committee, we have worked to advance a record number of judges who know exactly that. We are looking for thoughtful men and women of integ-rity. That is why it is a pleasure today, it is an honor today, to come to the floor in support of Steve Grasz. Steve is a Nebraskan through and through. He is a fifth-generation Ne-braskan who grew up on a family farm—walking beans, raising sheep and pigs, branding cattle. When he was a young man, life in the Nebraska Pan-handle taught him hard work. He then moved east to Lincoln, where the Uni-versity of Nebraska taught him the law. Steve graduated at the top of his class and then put his law degree to work serving his fellow Nebraskans. He served as the chief deputy attorney general for our State for nearly a dozen years. Steve’s job was to represent the people of Nebraska in court. That means he was bound by the law and by his professional duty to defend our laws, including our State’s ban on the gruesome procedure known as partial- birth abortion. In his role in the Nebraska AG’s of-fice, he litigated multiple cases in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.003 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7940 December 11, 2017 
front of the U.S. Supreme Court, the Nebraska Supreme Court, and the U.S. Eighth Circuit, to which he has now been nominated by President Trump. Every time he represented us in court, Steve did so with integrity, with hu-mility, and with decency. That is just what Nebraskans do. Steve bleeds Husker red, but he is now ready to put on a judge’s black robe. He knows that judges in America don’t wear red or blue partisan jerseys. He knows that policy preferences, whether his or anyone else’s, have no role in how a judge applies the law. He knows that, in his courtroom, two things matter and only two things—the facts and the law. Anybody who wants to ensure that Steve will approach his job as a judge without partisan or ideological bias should listen to the words of hundreds of Nebraskans who have spoken out in support of Steve’s nomination. Democrat Ben Nelson, Nebraska’s U.S. Senator from 2001 through 2013 and, before that, our Governor for 8 years, offered this testament to Steve’s fitness for office: 
I first got to know Steve when I served as Nebraska’s Governor and he served as our state’s Chief Deputy Attorney General. . . . With me as a Democrat and him as a Repub-lican, we sometimes found ourselves dis-agreeing on policy; nevertheless, I quickly learned that Steve was the kind of consum-mate professional who is capable of putting whatever personal views he may have aside when appropriate in his capacity as a public servant. . . . If Steve is confirmed, I fully ex-pect him to follow the law and the facts in each case because I know his loyalty is first to the rule of law, rather than to any per-sonal views he holds on matters of policy. He possesses first-rate legal skills and a respect-ful, even-keeled temperament, key ingredi-ents in the making of a good judge. As a Ne-braskan, I hope our state has the oppor-tunity to benefit yet again from Steve’s pub-lic service in this new role. 
Then there is Deborah Gilg, who was President Obama’s choice to be U.S. at-torney for the District of Nebraska, who served in that office from 2009 through 2016. She wrote glowingly to our committee of Steve: 
Steve has always enjoyed a reputation for honesty, impeccable integrity and dedication to the rule of law. He possesses an even tem-perament well-suited for the bench and al-ways acts with respect to all that interact with him. . . . Without a doubt, he would be a tremendous asset to the bench as he dem-onstrates excellence in all that he does. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that these letters be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
OCTOBER 31, 2017. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, U.S. Senate, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. Hon. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER FEINSTEIN : I write to you today to express my strong support for the nomina-tion of L. Steven Grasz to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. I have no doubt that Steve possesses the skills, character, and temperament nec-essary to make him an excellent member of that court. I first got to know Steve when I served as Nebraska’s Governor and he served as our state’s Chief Deputy Attorney General. Dur-ing his nearly twelve-year tenure in that senior position, Steve won my respect by putting his considerable skills to work as an effective legal advocate for our state. With me as a Democrat and him as a Republican, we sometimes found ourselves disagreeing on policy; nevertheless, I quickly learned that Steve was the kind of consummate profes-sional who is capable of putting whatever personal views he may have aside when ap-propriate in his capacity as a public servant. He was an asset to our state, and Nebraskans benefitted from having such a capable and thoughtful professional in public service. Today, he is unquestionably one of the fore-most appellate lawyers in the state, making him an obvious choice for this seat on our federal appeals court. If Steve is confirmed, I fully expect him to follow the law and the facts in each case be-cause I know his loyalty is first to the rule of law, rather than to any personal views he holds on matters of policy. He possesses first-rate legal skills and a respectful, even- keeled temperament, key ingredients in the making of a good judge. As a Nebraskan, I hope our state has the opportunity to benefit yet again from Steve’s public service in this new role. Sincerely, BENNELSON , United States Senator for Nebraska, 2001–2013. 
TIMEHEALTH , Omaha, NE, September 19, 2017. Re L. Steven Grasz. Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY , Senate Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. Ranking Member D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , Senate Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. I am writing to enthusiastically rec-ommend Steve Grasz for the vacancy on the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals. I have known Steve since 1991 when he became Chief Dep-uty Attorney General for the State of Ne-braska. At that time, I was the elected Coun-ty Attorney and/or appointed County Attor-ney for several Western Nebraska rural coun-ties. I relocated to Omaha in 2002 and in 2009 I became the U.S. Attorney for Nebraska until March 10, 2017. At present, I am the Vice-President, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel for Time Health, a healthcare management corporation. I should also mention that I am a Democrat and it is with great confidence that I rec-ommend Steve. Steve has always enjoyed a reputation for honesty, impeccable integrity and dedication to the rule of law, He possesses an even tem-perament well-suited for the bench and al-ways acts with respect to all that interact with him. I am confident that he is well- versed in legal principles, has keen legal an-alytical skills and outstanding oral and writ-ten skills. Without doubt, he would be a tre-mendous asset to the bench as he dem-onstrates excellence in all that he does. Finally, I think it is important to have a jurist that has an agricultural background and understands that not all things legal revolve around urban areas. He still owns land in Western Nebraska and quite clearly is a product of and proud of his agricultural roots. I look forward to your support of his nomi-nation. Sincerely, D
EBORAH R. G ILG, Vice-President and General Counsel. Mr. SASSE. Madam President, Steve’s reputation for honesty and in-tegrity and decency have earned him bipartisan support across Nebraska. I am a bit sad in that, when I got here to Washington, this nomination took a bit more of a partisan turn be-fore the committee. Happily, we have the chance to do the right thing here in the full Senate tonight and return to a bipartisan tone. I hope that my col-leagues will listen to the broad array of Nebraskans of all ideological and par-tisan views and support Steve’s nomi-nation tonight. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
NEW YORK CITY ATTEMPTED TERROR ATTACK  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, this morning, as everyone knows, there was an attempted terrorist at-tack in New York City, near the Port Authority bus terminal and very close to Times Square. I was about 15 blocks away when that happened. Thankfully, praise God, the attack was a failure, and the only serious injuries were sus-tained by the would-be perpetrator. On mornings like this, I am even more thankful—and I am thankful all the time—for the service of the New York City Police Department, the Port Authority Police Department, the New York City Fire Department, and the bomb squad, that responded so quickly to the scene. Today was a startling re-minder as to why the ‘‘See Something, Say Something’’ campaign is so crucial to keeping our city safe and why we must always, always, always be vigi-lant against the threat of terrorism. Madam President, on judicial nomi-nations, this evening, the Senate will vote on whether we should consider the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz to be a judge on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The nomination is signifi-cant because Grasz is just the third nominee since 1989 to be unanimously deemed ‘‘not qualified’’ by the Amer-ican Bar Association. To underscore that fact, the ABA has reviewed over 1,700 judicial nominees since 1989. Be-fore this administration, only two were ever unanimously deemed ‘‘not quali-fied.’’ Those two nominated by Presi-dent Bush were not confirmed. The nominee we are voting on this evening is the third. A panel of nonpartisan legal experts unanimously concluded that this man is not fit to be a judge. What else do my colleagues need to know? They should all vote no this evening. Instead of withdrawing the nomina-tion and finding someone better, which is what President Bush did in a similar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.004 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7941 December 11, 2017 
situation, some of my Republican col-leagues have started attacking the ABA. The junior Senator from Texas said: 
The ABA’s record on judicial nominations has been highly questionable. It has dem-onstrated over past decades repeatedly par-tisan interests and ideological interests. 
I don’t remember my colleague from Texas complaining when his party was touting then-Judge Gorsuch’s favorable rating from the ABA. I heard over and over again from my Republican col-leagues that he received a favorable rating from the ABA. All of a sudden, they attack it. Leader M
CCONNELL once likened a ‘‘well qualified’’ rating from the ABA to ‘‘getting straight A+’s on your re-port card.’’ That is what Leader M
CCONNELL said. Now Members of his party are singing a much different tune, as not one but two of President Trump’s judicial nominees have re-ceived unanimously ‘‘not qualified’’ ratings. Unfortunately, this is indicative of what has become part of the Repub-lican playbook—a playbook that Don-ald Trump specializes in, and unfortu-nately my colleagues are joining right in. If you don’t like the message, shoot the messenger. If you don’t like what the CBO is saying about healthcare, at-tack the CBO even if it is your hand-picked Director. If you don’t like what the Joint Committee on Taxation is saying about your tax bill, attack the JCT even if it is using the exact type of economic model that you asked it to use. If you don’t like what the ABA is saying about judicial candidates, call it partisan even if you praised its judg-ment only a few months ago. This is the Republican Party of President Trump, who, instead of mounting a credible defense of his record by using facts and arguments, will resort to shooting the messenger, whether that is Special Counsel Mueller, the CIA, the intelligence com-munity, or the entire FBI. Imagine at-tacking the entire FBI. I know those agents. They are so dedicated to the country—they are nonpolitical—but when they investigate President Trump because he might be doing something wrong, he just attacks them recklessly. The same thing has happened with our Republican colleagues. Like Presi-dent Trump, when Republican law-makers don’t agree with what inde-pendent arbiters are saying, they try to discredit them. These attacks may suit their short-term political inter-ests, but it is going to have a dev-astating effect on our country. A tax bill that explodes the deficit and raises taxes on millions of middle-class Amer-icans may pass, but Republicans refuse to believe the analyses that say it does. Our Federal judiciary may be filled with unqualified candidates—lifetime appointments, mind you—because Re-publicans refuse to trust the advice of independent legal experts. More importantly, these attacks in important ways diminish our democ-racy. We are a country founded on facts. People have different views once they view those facts, but we are founded on facts. That is what the Founding Fathers did at the Constitu-tional Convention—they debated, but they started from the same fact base. That is what the townhall meetings throughout America have done for two centuries and more. They are beautiful. They debate, they discuss, but people accept a row of given facts. That is what we are supposed to do here in the House and Senate, and for many years we did. Now, led by President Trump, facts don’t seem to matter. Anything he doesn’t like he calls fake news, even though it is real. He contradicts him-self. He says one thing one day and one thing the next, and it doesn’t even matter. That is him, and he was elect-ed, but why are our Republican col-leagues so willfully going along? Why are they not saying that truth mat-ters? Why do they attack the ABA, which has been nonpartisan and has had a grand tradition for decades? When the ABA approved Judge Gorsuch, they embraced it. This is not a good thing for democ-racy. American democracy depends on our ability to work together on a com-mon baseline of facts to find solutions that work in the real world. We can’t do that if Republicans are going to dis-credit or ignore the judgments of agen-cies like the CBO, JCT, and ABA. We will end up with an even less produc-tive debate here in Congress—some-thing that no one will like and the American people can ill afford. 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL  
Finally, Madam President, a word on the President’s tax plan—the Repub-lican tax plan. For months, Repub-licans have promised that the $1.5 tril-lion tax plan would reduce the deficit through economic growth—never mind the multiple analyses that concluded the exact opposite. Just today, three new analyses of the Senate Republican tax bill came to the conclusion that the bill would not re-duce the deficit but, rather, explode it, including a report by the Trump ad-ministration’s own Treasury Depart-ment. The Tax Policy Center estimated that the tax plan would result in only $179 billion of growth, leaving a $1.4 trillion trail of red ink on the deficit and increasing our debt-to-GDP ratio by over 5 percent. Another analysis of the Senate Re-publican plan using the Penn Wharton model found that even with assump-tions favorable to economic growth, the Senate tax bill will increase debt by over $1.5 trillion over the next dec-ade. Amazingly, the Trump administra-tion’s Treasury Department released a one-page report estimating that the bill would pay for itself but only if you factor in rosy assumptions of growth that were included in the President’s budget and are widely discredited by economists of all stripes. The Presi-dent’s budget request assumed the pas-sage of entitlement reform and an in-frastructure bill, both of which have not been proposed or written, let alone enacted. So even with this audacious use of fake math, the Treasury Depart-ment’s analysis has to assume that the yet-to-be-proposed bills are passed in order to say that it doesn’t add to the deficit. No amount of fake math can change the fact that the Republican tax bill will be a boon to the wealthiest Ameri-cans and largest corporations while in-creasing taxes for millions of middle- class families and leaving 13 million people without healthcare. As all three reports prove today, it will add over $1 trillion to the debt and deficit, starv-ing our ability to invest in infrastruc-ture, education, and scientific re-search, and endangering Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and Medicaid. Republicans still have time to turn back from this ugly, awful bill, which is widely disliked by the American peo-ple, and work with Democrats on real, bipartisan tax reform that actually lowers taxes for middle-class families and stimulates economic growth with-out adding a penny to the deficit. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AIRLINE FEES  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, we are just about to enter the holiday sea-son. The traffic is already picking up. We could call it the great holiday mi-gration that is going to be underway. Millions of people will be traveling to see their loved ones—their families, their friends—and they will be visiting by airplane. They are going to get a big surprise when they head to the airline ticket counter or try to check in online and face a blizzard of what the airlines call ancillary fees. For years, many of us on the Com-merce Committee have been pushing the Department of Transportation to adopt rules that would require a stand-ardized disclosure statement for com-mon airline fees, such as bag fees, change and cancellation fees, and pri-ority boarding and seating fees. Com-paring this to when one applies for a credit card, there is a box on the back of the application that shows the an-nual fee of the credit card, the interest rate, and any other fees. Consumers have this so they can compare ade-quate data to adequate data. We like to call it comparing apples to apples. Therefore, the consumer can know what it is they are looking for and choose the credit card they want. So it is a commonsense solution in the air-line business that you would want to do for consumers, to make sense of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.006 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7942 December 11, 2017 
those different fees on an airline tick-et. Well, there was some progress on this earlier in the year when the Depart-ment of Transportation proposed a rule to require airlines to disclose bag fees to consumers when they purchased a ticket. Last week, however, the White House directed the Department of Transportation—the administration did this for all of those airline holiday travelers. They put a big lump of coal in their Christmas stockings when they abruptly canceled the proposed rule of the Department of Transportation that you were going to know what those fees were upfront when you purchased the ticket, along with another rule that would have required airlines to tell the public how much money the airline is charging for all the other an-cillary fees. Those proposed rules were withdrawn. Well, that is just not in the interest of the traveling public. That is not in the interest of consumers, and it should not be any skin off the airlines’ back to just show what the fees are up-front so the consumer understands that. Indeed, a new revenue source for the airlines is to have these additional charges. That is not what this Senator is arguing with, as long as those fees are properly and clearly disclosed. Let me give you another example. Last year, on the FAA bill we passed into law, it required the Department of Transportation to implement two basic rules to protect airline customers—two very simple rules. The first was, if you have checked a bag and you have paid the airline a certain amount of money to check that bag, what happens if your bag doesn’t arrive or if it is de-layed beyond a certain number of hours? Shouldn’t the airline, at least, refund that fee you paid for that bag to be delivered in a timely fashion? Well, it is a pretty simple concept. If you pay $50 for a checked bag, you expect it to arrive with you, and if it doesn’t, you should get an automatic refund. That is common sense, but the Department of Transportation hasn’t done anything on that, and it is in the law. It is in the law we passed last year. I will give you another example. The second requirement we put in last year’s FAA bill is that airlines, when they seat children 13 or under, put them adjacent to a parent or an older sibling traveling with them. So the De-partment of Transportation, earlier in the year, designed a rule to ensure that parents would not have to fork over money for a preferred seat just to be able to sit next to their child. The Department of Transportation was supposed to have finalized both of these rules by July of this year, but to date they have done nothing. Con-sumers traveling during the holidays are going to have the experience, if your bag doesn’t show, since the rule hasn’t been put in place by the Depart-ment of Transportation, even though it is the law that was passed last year— what is going to happen? Passengers with delayed bags will be losing out on the money they paid to check their bag, even if it doesn’t get to them in a timely fashion. What is going to happen to the par-ent with the underaged child? They are going to be boarding planes wondering if they will be able to beg someone to give up their seat just to sit next to their child, even though that may be a preferred seat; in other words, a seat that costs more money. Just about everyone else will be left playing airline fee roulette, not know-ing what the new fee is that they are going to have to pay just to get the basic service. It is so common sense, why do we have to fight about this? We are not arguing that the airline doesn’t have the right to charge the fee; we just want it disclosed to the person who is purchasing that ticket. It doesn’t have to be the way it is now be-cause consumers should have a right to know ahead of time what they are pay-ing, and then they can compare op-tions. When an airline charges a fee for a service, if they failed to deliver that service, passengers ought to get their money back. This is called basic fair-ness, but that is not what we are seeing out there. I urge the leadership of the Depart-ment of Transportation—Secretary Chao and her staff—to go ahead and implement those two regulations that emanate from the law we passed and to do it quickly. I urge the Department of Transportation to treat airline pas-sengers like they ought to be treated, which is as valued customers during this holiday season, as in every season. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be the United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, John Cornyn, Michael B. Enzi, Johnny Isak-son, Chuck Grassley, Mike Crapo, Ron Johnson, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, Lindsey Graham, Shelley Moore Cap-ito, Cory Gardner, James E. Risch, Jeff Flake. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. BLUNT ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 48, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 312 Ex.] YEAS—48 
Alexander Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Blunt Cochran McCain Rubio Schatz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 47. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from North Dakota. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.009 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7943 December 11, 2017 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, due to my mother’s hospitalization and illness, I must remain in Florida and missed to-day’s vote.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STAFF Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the remarkable staff that has worked this year in my Senate offices. Individually, they bring expertise and professionalism to their tireless efforts on behalf of our State. Together, they have united in honor-able service to the people of Alabama. It is with pride and admiration that I recognize Virginia Amason, Will Batson, Morgan Blankenship, Brent Blevins, Melissa Clarke, Paula Cox, David Daniels, Valerie Day, Avis DuBose, Jon Foltz, Jacob Gattman, Jordan Howard, Taylor Jetmundsen, John Little, Sandy Luff, Shanderla McMillian, Cecelia Meeks, Nick Moore, Maria Olson, Jake Proctor, Duncan Rankin, June Reeves-Weir, Cody Sand-ers, Jeff Sommer, Drew Tatum, Shana Teehan, Susan Thompson, Kevin Tur-ner, Brookley Valencia, Dylan Vorbach, and Zandra Wilson. As they continue their careers of public service, this staff bears the es-teem of a grateful State and my ut-most gratitude for a job well done. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JACQUELINE S. GILLAN ∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the career and ac-complishments of an exceptional public safety advocate and a dear friend, Jac-queline S. Gillan. Jackie is a legend in the public health and public safety community. As both a public servant and as the president of Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, she has championed the three cornerstones of traffic safety: safer drivers, safer vehi-cles, and safer roads. Her career in pub-lic service began in the government af-fairs office of the U.S. Department of Transportation, in the Carter adminis-tration. She went on to hold senior pol-icy positions in the U.S. Senate and with three State transportation agen-cies, New Jersey, California, and the great state of Ohio, which is when I first met Jackie. After leaving public service, she con-tinued to fight for safer roads for all Americans. Jackie helped to launch Advocates nearly three decades ago and has been at the helm of Advocates since 1990. She has led with extraor-dinary vision, dogged determination, and keen political judgment. Jackie helped pass numerous Federal and State laws advancing motor vehi-cle and motor carrier safety standards. She was instrumental in achieving major advances, including require-ments for airbags, electronic stability control, and back-up cameras. Her ad-vocacy efforts had a significant impact on a dozen major transportation bills, ranging from the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act in 1991 to the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act in 2015. A decade ago, after a tragic accident killed five members of Ohio’s Bluffton University baseball team, I worked to-gether with Jackie, Congressman JOHN L
EWIS, Senator Kay Bailey-Hutchison, and many brave families—including John and Joy Betts—whose loved ones were killed in motorcoach crashes to enact the Nation’s first comprehensive motorcoach safety law, the Motorcoach Enhanced Safety Act. It took longer than it should have to pass this com-monsense bill into law, but Jackie was there every step of the way, helping us fight for these lifesaving safety im-provements. A native Californian, Jackie’s intro-duction to public service began at home. Her father, Henry Gillan, served on the city council and was elected mayor of El Cerrito. Now, after decades fighting for the safety of ordinary Americans, Jackie has earned a long and happy retirement spent with her husband, Ernie Beyard; her children, Kristin Beyard and Alex Beyard; and Barkley, an exuberant English springer spaniel who is frequently sighted on walks around Capitol Hill. There is no question countless lives have been saved and injuries averted and that many families will enjoy the upcoming holidays safely together be-cause of Jackie’s work. We are so grateful.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING RAY TREVINO ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to memorialize Raymond Trevino, a man who gave so much to the people of Reno and who recently passed away at the age of 74. Known for his kind spirit and gen-erous heart, Mr. Trevino was widely known for helping those in need receive a warm, healthy meal. Mr. Trevino, who first started as a volunteer a quar-ter of a century ago, served as the din-ing room director at Catholic Charities of Northern Nevada’s St. Vincent Din-ing Room. It should go without saying that Mr. Trevino, Catholic Charities of Northern Nevada’s longest serving employee, was a compassionate man who made a posi-tive impact in the community. As the Reno Gazette-Journal recently noted, it is estimated that he served over 1 million meals to low-income and home-less people during his 25 years of serv-ice. Before setting up the dining room, Mr. Trevino, an Army veteran, was a casino food and beverage executive and the owner of five restaurants. Mr. Trevino was honored with the Mother Theresa Humanitarian Award in 2013 for his work helping those in need. He was also presented with the Dolan Service Award by Dolan Auto Group for assisting struggling individ-uals and families in the community. As a testament to the legacy he leaves behind, at this year’s annual Thanksgiving, over 200 volunteers came out to participate in the lunch and help feed more than 1,000 people. During the lunch, attendees paid trib-ute to Mr. Trevino’s work and shared memories of his years of service. As Nevada’s senior U.S. Senator, I know that Mr. Trevino will be sorely missed. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and loved ones during this difficult time.∑ f 
REMEMBERING JUDGE FRED L. FOX II ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the Honorable Fred L. Fox, a proud Vietnam veteran and West Virginian, noble public servant, and very dear friend of mine, who left a significant imprint on our home State of West Virginia. Fred was born in Charleston and raised in Sutton in lovely Braxton County. His grandfather, Fred Fox, Sr., or ‘‘grandfox,’’ was a lawyer, a State senator, and a West Virginia Supreme Court justice. His father, John Fox, was a prosecuting attorney in Braxton County for more than a decade. Despite this family tradition, Fred grew up de-termined that he did not want to be a lawyer. He loved our country, and after grad-uating from the Greenbrier Military Academy in 1956 and Davis and Elkins College in 1960, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps and served from 1960 to 1963. Once he returned home with his new perspective, he finally did follow in his family’s footsteps and enrolled at West Virginia University’s College of Law, ranking second in his class, and remained in the Marine Corps Re-serves. Fred also graduated from the Naval Justice School in Newport, RI. His suc-cess in these endeavors prepared him for his first law experience at Furbee, Amos, Webb and Critchfield, a local firm in Fairmont. Fred began working as a personal attorney for my father and our lifelong friendship began. However, soon after joining the firm at the height of the Vietnam war, Fred again answered the call of duty. He wanted to be a combat marine because, in his words, ‘‘It was the right thing to do.’’ After nearly a year as an infantry company commander, Fred was wound-ed. He was awarded a Purple Heart, two Bronze Stars with combat ‘‘V,’’ and two Vietnamese Crosses of Gallantry with Gold Star. Due to his injuries, Fred retired as a captain in 1969. I can recall Fred saying, ‘‘You don’t win Bronze Stars, they’re awarded to you.’’ His experience during Vietnam set the groundwork for how he viewed the rest of his endeavors. In his opinion, he cer-tainly faced pressure as a judge, but he had already faced so much as a marine that nothing ever quite compared. Even now, I remember Fred so clear-ly with his globe and anchor marine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE6.015 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7944 December 11, 2017 
lapel pin and a warm smile on his face, and that is how I’ll always remember him. I chose Fred to swear me in at my second inauguration as Governor, and it made the day even more special. What made Fred’s presence so com-forting was that he wasn’t afraid to admit he didn’t know an answer. In fact, when he was elected as Marion County circuit court Judge in 1970, he frequently called upon one of his men-tors, Judge Robert Maxwell of Elkins, for help. He followed Judge Maxwell’s example and always maintained a good relationship with his colleagues. He had only been out of law school a few years, but because of his compassion, intelligence, and fairness, he was re-elected every 8 years until his retire-ment in 2010. Young judges and lawyers often called on him for advice there-after, and he was happy to oblige. His view of the law is something I will always admire, and I know has in-spired countless young judges and law-yers. He was fiercely protective of the interests of the people before him in the courtroom, acknowledging the heavy responsibility of representing the entire justice system. He didn’t necessarily agree with every verdict, but he respected every verdict because he trusted the system. Following his 40-year career as Cir-cuit Court Judge, he served 3 years as a senior-status judge. At the time of his retirement, he was the longest sit-ting circuit judge in the State. In 1995, he was appointed to serve a 10-month term with the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals. He was instrumental in the creation of the CASA Program, which provides a voice for abused and neglected children who find themselves in the court system, and it has changed countless lives for the better. Among his many recognitions, he was also rightfully nominated as a Marion County Public Servant of the Year. What is most important is that Fred lived a full life, surrounded by dear friends, colleagues, and family. It is my hope that his loved ones are able to find peace, strength, and support in one another. This is a time to celebrate his life and legacy and to honor his mem-ory in our thoughts and prayers. He touched countless lives, and his loss has left a deep void in our statewide community. He was a dear friend to Gayle and I and our family, and we will miss him dearly. Again, I extend my most sincere con-dolences to his loving wife, Debra; his children Charlee Anne, Joseph, Logan, and Zach; his grandchildren Lindsay, Kelsey, Nick, and Benjamin; his sister Janie; and the entire Fox family. I am honored to join the people of West Vir-ginia and beyond in recognizing Fred’s memory, as well as the unwavering love he had for his family, friends, the judicial system, our State of West Vir-ginia, and our great Nation. His legacy of service will live on forever. ∑ TRIBUTE TO PAUL J. TAVARES ∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, today I pay tribute to a great friend and Rhode Islander, former general treasurer Paul J. Tavares. Paul and I ran for statewide office together in 1998. Fortunately, both of us won. Paul’s campaign motto was ‘‘No tricks, no gimmicks, just a Treasurer who will do what is right.’’ Paul had been a great State senator, and Rhode Island-ers believed him—and he justified their faith. Paul chalked up a strong record of accomplishment in the treasurer’s of-fice. Among his most notable achieve-ments was the CollegeBoundfund, Rhode Island’s 529 college savings pro-gram, one of the strongest such pro-grams in the Nation. We worked to-gether on reforming a broken crime victims’ fund. When he retired after two terms, Paul had kept his promise as treasurer to leave the office in bet-ter shape than he found it. In 2012, the Providence Housing Au-thority was in disarray and plagued by scandals. Providence’s mayor, Angel Taveras, asked Paul to take over as in-terim executive director and clean up the mess. Paul promised he would. He quickly turned the agency around and ran it so well that city and housing au-thority officials convinced him to stay on. Paul recently told his colleagues in city government that it was time for him to go, and he will retire at the end of this year. In his public life, Paul has been ap-pointed to the East Providence School Committee; elected to the East Provi-dence City Council, the Rhode Island Senate, and the office of the general treasurer; and appointed executive di-rector of the East Providence and Providence housing authorities. In ad-dition, Paul has given himself tire-lessly to fraternal and charitable serv-ice in Rhode Island and is a loving fa-ther and husband. Someone once said there are three kinds of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen, and those who wonder what happened. Paul made things happen, and his generosity and selflessness improved the lives of many Rhode Islanders. As Paul retires from public service— once again—I thank him for being part of my life and for doing so much for our Ocean State. Paul fulfilled his pledge: There were no tricks, no gim-micks; just a public servant who did what was right. More importantly, Paul lives his life the same way: no tricks, no gimmicks, just a man who does what is right. He never took him-self too seriously, never let positions of power go to his head, and never forgot where he came from. He is an example to me of doing it right. Rhode Island is fortunate to have de-voted, energetic, and generous citizens like Paul Tavares. Godspeed, my friend.∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on December 8, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-lowing enrolled joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 123. Joint resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled joint resolution was signed on December 8, 2017, during the adjourn-ment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. S
TRANGE ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 477. An act to amend the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from registration brokers performing services in connection with the transfer of ownership of smaller privately held companies. H.R. 2658. An act to provide humanitarian assistance for the Venezuelan people, to de-fend democratic governance and combat widespread public corruption in Venezuela, and for other purposes. H.R. 4300. An act to authorize the Pacific Historic Parks to establish a commemora-tive display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pa-cific Theater of World War II, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 477. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from reg-istration brokers performing services in con-nection with the transfer of ownership of smaller privately held companies; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 2658. An act to provide humanitarian assistance for the Venezuelan people, to de-fend democratic governance and combat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.011 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7945 December 11, 2017 
widespread public corruption in Venezuela, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 4300. An act to authorize Pacific His-toric Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pa-cific Theater of World War II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on December 8, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1266. An act to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3672. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–3673. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report from the Office of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3674. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Adjustments for In-flation’’ (RIN1651–AB15) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 6, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–144. A resolution adopted by the Gen-eral Court of the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts extending its support to the tem-porary protected status program and urging the Department of Homeland Security to continue the TPS program and support im-migrant and refugees escaping war, natural disasters, and crime; to the Committee on the Judiciary. R
ESOLUTIONS  Whereas, the Commonwealth has a long and proud history of being a state that sup-ports, values and respects its immigrants and refugees escaping war and natural disas-ters; and Whereas, Temporary Protected Status, or TPS, is an immigration status that provides employment authorization and protection from deportation for foreign nationals who cannot be safely returned to their home countries; and Whereas, the Department of Homeland Se-curity will consider whether to extend des-ignations of TPS for all nationals that cur-rently hold TPS including more than 300,000 Salvadoran, Honduran, Nicaraguan and Hai-tian immigrants; and Whereas, in the Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity will consider whether to extend the des-ignation for 12,526 residents living with TPS; and Whereas, it is estimated that ending TPS for immigrants from El Salvador, Haiti and Honduras would result in a $6.9 billion reduc-tion to Social Security and Medicare con-tributions over a decade and the deportation of these individuals would cost taxpayers ap-proximately $3.1 billion dollars; and Whereas, that the Commonwealth recog-nizes the overwhelmingly positive contribu-tions of TPS holders and their families to the economy, social fabric, diversity and well-being of our community; now therefore be it Resolved, The Massachusetts General Court hereby extends its support to the Temporary Protected Status program and memorializes the Department of Homeland Security to continue the TPS program and support im-migrant and refugees escaping war, natural disasters and crime; and be it further Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be transmitted forthwith by the Clerk of the Senate to the President of the United States, the Vice President of the United States, the United States Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Massachusetts Congressional Dele-gation and the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 875. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing require-ments under the Universal Service Fund pro-grams (Rept. No. 115–192). S. 1322. A bill to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and devel-opment grants, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–193). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 139. A resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored perse-cution of its Baha’i minority and its contin-ued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1118. A bill to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. C AR-
PER): S. 2214. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the rec-ognition of attending physician assistants as attending physicians to serve hospice pa-tients, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2215. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to better assist producers desiring to voluntarily transition into organic pro-duction systems; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 2216. A bill to waive and repay certain debts relating to assistance provided to indi-viduals and households; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. Res. 356. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that Members of Con-gress should substitute teach at least 1 day per year in a public school to gain firsthand knowledge on how to address the prevailing challenges facing educators and how to re-move obstacles to learning for students; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 633 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 633, a bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to apply whistleblower protections available to certain executive branch employees to legislative branch em-ployees, and for other purposes. 
S. 1421 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1421, a bill to support edu-cational entities in fully implementing title IX and reducing and preventing sex discrimination in all areas of edu-cation. 
S. 1570 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1570, a bill to improve Federal population surveys by requiring the collection of voluntary, self-disclosed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE6.006 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7946 December 11, 2017 
information on sexual orientation and gender identity in certain surveys, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not pro-hibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1730, a bill to imple-ment policies to end preventable ma-ternal, newborn, and child deaths glob-ally. 
S. 1978 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1978, a bill to delay the annual fee on health insurance providers until 2020 and to make such fee tax deductible. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2088 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2088, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star In-stallation Access Card to the surviving spouse, dependent children, and other next of kin of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on cer-tain active or reserve duty, to ensure that a remarried surviving spouse with dependent children of the deceased member remains eligible for installa-tion benefits to which the surviving spouse was previously eligible, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in rec-ognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2125 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. KING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2125, a bill to improve the State re-sponse to the opioid abuse crisis. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2152, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and for other purposes. 
S. 2159 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2159, a bill to require covered harassment and covered discrimination awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered harassment and covered dis-crimination complaints, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 30 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 30, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing the sense of Congress with respect to United States policy toward Tibet and that the treatment of the Tibetan people should be an impor-tant factor in the conduct of United States relations with the People’s Re-public of China. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution ex-pressing solidarity with Falun Gong practitioners who have lost lives, free-doms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ harvesting, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 356—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT MEMBERS OF CONGRESS SHOULD SUBSTITUTE TEACH AT LEAST 1 DAY PER YEAR IN A PUBLIC SCHOOL TO GAIN FIRSTHAND KNOWLEDGE ON HOW TO ADDRESS THE PRE-VAILING CHALLENGES FACING EDUCATORS AND HOW TO RE-MOVE OBSTACLES TO LEARNING FOR STUDENTS Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 356 Whereas teachers play a critical role in shaping the minds and lives of children; Whereas there were 3,100,000 full-time pub-lic school teachers in 2016; Whereas approximately 200,000 teachers leave the profession each year; Whereas in the 114th Congress, there were more than 3 times as many Members of Con-gress that had backgrounds in public service or politics than Members of Congress that had backgrounds in education; and Whereas Members of Congress should be on the ground in public schools to understand the challenges that educators and students face, including— (1) a growing shortage of teachers; (2) issues of teacher pay; (3) a lack of resources, in both urban and rural areas; (4) teacher preparedness; (5) chronic absenteeism among students; (6) poverty; and (7) parental involvement: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the contributions of teachers to the United States; (2) thanks teachers for their service; and (3) recommends that each Member of Con-gress spend at least 1 day per year serving as a substitute teacher in a public school. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, December 11, 2017, at 5:45 p.m. to conduct a business hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jessika Solleder, Truman Whitney, and Aaron Price, interns in my office, be granted floor privileges for the date of Tuesday, December 12, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR STAR PRINTING—S. RES. 351 Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that S. Res. 351 be star printed with the changes that are at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT MEMBERS OF CONGRESS SHOULD SUBSTITUTE TEACH AT LEAST 1 DAY PER YEAR IN A PUBLIC SCHOOL Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE6.010 S11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7947 December 11, 2017 
proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 356, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 356) expressing the sense of the Senate that Members of Con-gress should substitute teach at least 1 day per year in a public school to gain firsthand knowledge on how to address the prevailing challenges facing educators and how to re-move obstacles to learning for students. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 356) was agreed to. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2017 Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Grasz nomination; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postclosure on the Grasz nomi-nation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:05 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, December 12, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MICHAEL D. GRIFFIN, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEER-ING. (NEW POSITION) GREGORY J. SLAVONIC, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY, VICE FRANKLIN R. PARKER. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION  
CHAI RACHEL FELDBLUM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OP-PORTUNITY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2023. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOSEPH H. HUNT, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE STUART F. DELERY, RE-SIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ANTHONY R. HALE COL. GARRICK M. HARMON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
BRETT L. HEDGEPETH RYAN M. YI THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOANNA K. KOWALIK 
To be major 
MAHASIN M. HANGALAY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ALEKSANDR GUTMAN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
LAURA C. GILSTRAP MANDY L. M. JOHNSON DIANA TRANYU 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G11DE6.017 S11DEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1677 December 11, 2017 
FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 7, 2017 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to act and pass much needed supplemental appropriations to help victims of the recent hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. Hurricane Harvey brought unprecedented destruction to the Texas Gulf Coast, dropping a record 52 inches of rain and causing cata-strophic flooding in Houston and all along the Gulf Coast. Earlier this week, a report released by the Kaiser Family Foundation and Episcopal Health Foundation found that one in nine Texas Gulf Coast residents remain displaced, three months after Harvey’s landfall. Four in ten Texas Gulf Coast residents report sus-tained damage to their homes and nearly half of affected Texas Gulf Coast residents said they are not receiving the help they need to recover from the hurricane. To date the federal government has pro-vided $10 billion in aid to Harvey victims in Texas, mostly advance payments through the National Flood Insurance Program. However, far more federal aid is needed to rebuild Houston, Harris County, and the Texas Gulf Coast. After Hurricane Katrina hit Louisiana and Mississippi, and Hurricane Sandy impacted New York and New Jersey, Congress re-sponded by passing substantial disaster sup-plemental bills. In 2013, Congress provided over $50 billion for recovery and rebuilding ef-forts as a result of Sandy, and $120 billion to rebuild New Orleans and surrounding areas. I cannot and will not vote for a continuing resolution until House leadership puts disaster relief front and center and passes a substan-tial supplemental disaster bill that will help Texans fully recover from Harvey’s destruction and prepare the Texas Gulf Coast before the next major storm strikes. We cannot continue to kick-the-can down the road while thousands of families in Texas and other parts of our country continue to suf-fer, months after these terrible storms made landfall. I urge my colleagues, regardless of state and party, to join me in standing up for dis-aster victims and calling on House leadership to pass a substantial emergency supple-mental. 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MARY KOWALSKI HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th Birthday of Staten Island’s Mary Kowalski. On December 18, 1917, Mary Kowalski was born to joyous parents, Thomas and Nellie. A lifelong resident of Elm Park, Staten Island, Mary grew up in a loving household with two brothers and three sisters. She attended Saint Adalbert School and Ralph R. McKee High School. Several years after graduation, she re-ceived a job at the Procter and Gamble fac-tory in the Port Ivory neighborhood where she worked for 36 years until her retirement. Be-fore and after retirement, however, Mary loved to travel the world by land, air, or sea. As a devout Catholic, one of her favorite vacations was her holiday to the Vatican, a visit that she treasures to this day. Mary is also an avid television viewer. She loves watching Jeopardy, Wheel of Fortune, The Bachelor, The Bachelorette, and Dancing with the Stars. Moreover, she is a massive sports fan. She loves watching NFL games, as well as her beloved Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Even though she wishes they would play bet-ter, she still loves to watch the Mets too. I cer-tainly hope that this birthday wish is granted when baseball season starts again next year. Mr. Speaker, I wish Mary Kowalski a very happy 100th birthday. Her love for her friends, family, community, and church knows no bounds. I am immensely proud to have her as a constituent, and I hope that her 100th year is the best one yet. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF CAITRI´ONA PERRY 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Caitrı´ona Perry has been the Washington Correspondent for RTE´, Ireland’s public broadcaster, since 2013. She will soon be leaving D.C. to take up a new role as co- anchor of Six-One, the main evening news in Ireland. As the paragon of 21st century multi-media journalism, Caitrı´ona has provided high quality coverage and commentary on the many facets of American life via television, radio, and on-line content. She has provided live updates to bulletins throughout the day and night from Washington and from major events throughout the United States and overseas, including the aftermath of the Haitian earthquake, the Os-cars, and the Papal visit to Cuba. Caitrı´ona has been featured in, shot, edited, and produced everything from radio reports on the political happenings of the day, through television packages on the 2016 election to full programs on the Irish in the White House, the Irish in Canada, and the 2015 Special Olympics World Games in Los Angeles. She has reported on humanitarian and political sto-ries from throughout Europe, from Australia, Canada and from the UK. She grew up in Knocklyon, Dublin attending Sancta Maria College before receiving a First Class Honours degree in Journalism and a Masters in International Relations from Dublin City University. Prior to joining RTE´, Caitrı´ona was with the Irish national radio stations, Today FM and Newstalk. A proud Irishwoman, Caitrı´ona has strongly contributed to Ireland’s links with the United States. She has hosted, contributed to and compered various Irish-American events throughout the country on behalf of the Ireland Fund and the Irish Network amongst others. Caitrı´ona also founded the DCU Alumni Chap-ter in Washington, D.C. Most recently, she fulfilled a life-long ambi-tion when she penned her first book, ‘‘In America: Tales from Trump Country’’, pub-lished by Gill. A bestseller, ‘In America’ was nominated for an Irish Book Award in Novem-ber 2017. In acknowledgement of her many achieve-ments Caitrı´ona was named a DCU Distin-guished Alumni in 2015. She has also won several awards for her journalism, including multiple National Justice Media Awards for her television work and a PPI National Radio Award for her radio news reporting. During her time in the United States, Caitrı´ona has done meaningful work to shed a spotlight on modern U.S.-Ireland relations. Through her work, she has highlighted impor-tant issues, and informed audiences in both America and Ireland. Caitrı´ona will be greatly missed in Washington, D.C. I am grateful for her efforts and know that she will continue to make a meaningful impact in her new role. f 
HONORING USC PHYSICIAN AS-SISTANT PROFESSOR JANICE TRAMEL 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to echo the praise heaped on my friend and mentor, Janice V. Tramel, over the past weekend at a surprise ceremony held by the University of Southern California (USC) honoring her 40 years of service to her patients, to nursing and to the profession of Physician Assistant (PA). She was instrumental in my own training as a Physician Assistant, first as a professor, then as a mentor, and eventually as a close friend. A California native, Mrs. Tramel completed both a vocational nursing and registered nurs-ing program prior to graduating from the USC Primary Care Physician Assistant Program in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.001 E11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1678 December 11, 2017 
1977 and joining the faculty two years later. Having learned under her, I later felt very proud to become her colleague on the PA fac-ulty. As Director of Clinical Education from July 2013 through May 2017, she oversaw the clinical curriculum, clinical site development and student placements. She now holds PA– C Emeritus status. Her passion as an educator has benefitted generations of students, not just locally but at the state and national levels. She has served as a curriculum consultant, visiting lecturer, site visitor for the Accredita-tion Review Commission on Education of the Physician Assistant, and grant reviewer with the U.S. Department of Health & Human Serv-ices, Bureau of Health Professions. She was a gubernatorial appointee to the State of Cali-fornia Physician Assistant Committee, now known as the PA Board, from 1982 to 1992, serving as Committee Chair from 1987. But she has always returned to work with and for the underserved communities of Los Angeles. Her specialties include family medicine, ado-lescent medicine, women’s health, occupa-tional health, as well as quality assurance and utilization review. Her research interests in-clude evaluation of student performance, fac-ulty development, learning styles, educational methodology and technology and standardized testing. In May 2012, she was inducted into the Pi Alpha National Honor Society for Physi-cian Assistants. Not content to serve others in her professional life, she has been an active volunteer with disadvantaged young adults, community health and geriatric wellness pro-grams. I salute Janice Tramel for her lifelong com-mitment to serving and uplifting others, and for four decades of working to provide out-standing health care and train succeeding generations of care providers. 
f 
HONORING ANTHONY P. RESCIGNO, PRESIDENT OF THE GREATER NEW HAVEN CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE, ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to rise today to join the many family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered to extend their congratulations to an outstanding member of our community, and my dear friend, Anthony P. Rescigno, as he marks his retirement as President of the Greater New Haven Chamber of Commerce. For nearly two decades, Tony has led the Chamber with a unique combination of dedication and innova-tion, ensuring it has been a strong voice on behalf of and invaluable resource for its mem-bers. Tony’s professional career has spanned both the private and public sectors. After grad-uating from the University of New Haven, he began a remarkable career at Plasticrete in Hamden, Connecticut which would eventually culminate in he and twelve other employees purchasing the company and later creating a subsidiary, Plasticrete Distributors where he served as President. Tony entered public life in 1989 when he was elected First Selectman of North Haven, a position which he held for more than a decade. It was when he left pub-lic office that he took the reins at the Greater New Haven Chamber of Commerce. Since its inception, the Greater New Haven Chamber of Commerce has strived to help businesses of all sizes and focus throughout the region to build on their success. Under Tony’s direction, the Chamber sought to ex-pand that mission through advocacy, edu-cation and networking. The Leadership Cen-ter, home to both Leadership Greater New Haven and Executive Orientation, offers aspir-ing community leaders and business execu-tives a series of practical, hands-on training programs in professional development and education in social and economic issues. Un-derstanding that attracting and retaining young, energetic professionals is vital to the growth and success of New Haven, PULSE is a group for local young professionals, ages 21–40, with a mission of connecting its mem-bers with each other and with the community through social and professional networking events, educational seminars and community service projects. The Chamber has also re-newed its focus on advocating for its members with local, state, and national officials, as well as providing strategic business development planning and other resources. For the last seventeen years, Tony’s leader-ship has strengthened the Chamber’s involve-ment in economic development across the re-gion, encouraged the development of young professionals and entrepreneurs, and created invaluable partnership and networking oppor-tunities for its members. While his daily pres-ence will most certainly be missed, his vision and good work has left a legacy on which the Chamber can continue to build for many years to come. I would be remiss if I did not take a moment to extend a personal note of thanks to Tony for his many years of friendship. Whether as President of the Chamber, First Selectman of North Haven, or business leader, Tony has al-ways been a willing partner in helping to move our communities forward. For his lifetime of invaluable contributions to Greater New Haven, I am honored to have this opportunity to extend my sincere thanks and heartfelt congratulations to Tony as he celebrates his retirement. I wish him and his wife, Lynne, all the best for many more years of health and happiness as they enjoy this next chapter of their lives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAJOR JASON LEE SCHENCK UPON HIS GRAD-UATION AS AN AIR FORCE LEG-ISLATIVE FELLOW 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Major Jason Lee Schenck for his suc-cessful tenure as an Air Force Legislative Fel-low in my office. For the past year, Major Schenck has been a diligent, valued member of my staff. In my capacity as Chairwoman of the Defense Ap-propriations Subcommittee, I have come to rely on his advice and counsel on issues af-fecting the military. Major Schenck’s insight, intellect and ability to clearly communicate complex issues were invaluable assets during his tenure on Capitol Hill. While serving in my office, Major Schenck met and married Navy Commander Josephine C. Nguyen, MD, who was serving as a Robert Wood Johnson Health Policy Fellow to Con-gressman KEVIN BRADY (TX–08). Prior to his time on Capitol Hill, Major Jason Lee Schenck served as the Commander, 48th Comptroller Squadron and the 48th Fighter Wing Staff Agencies, Royal Air Force Lakenheath in the United Kingdom. While sta-tioned in the U.K., Major Schenck was respon-sible for managing a $215 million annual budget, overseeing pay services for over 6,400 personnel, and providing full spectrum financial management services in support of United States Air Forces in Europe’s largest fighter wing. Major Schenck is from Phillipsburg, New Jersey and enlisted in the United States Air Force in 1996. After earning a Bachelor of Science, Business & Management, cum laude, from the University of Maryland, he received his commission in 2004 through the Air Force Officer Training School, Maxwell AFB, Ala-bama. Major Schenck’s presence in my office will be missed by not only me, but by his cowork-ers as well. Please join me in thanking Major Schenck for his service, and in wishing him well in his new endeavor. 
f 
HONORING MR. RON PINCIARO 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my colleagues, Congressman J
OHN L
ARSON , Congressman J OECOURTNEY , Con- gresswoman R
OSA DELAURO , and Congress-man J
IMHIMES, rise today to honor Ron Pinciaro upon his retirement after serving as Executive Director of CT Against Gun Vio-lence for 16 years. Ron’s leadership has been instrumental in advancing common sense poli-cies that save lives and have made Con-necticut one of the leading states in the fight to stop the tragedy of gun violence. During his years of leadership, Ron has been a tireless advocate for ensuring all peo-ple have the right to live free from violence. Thanks in no small part to his work, Con-necticut is a leader in gun violence prevention policy, and our state is recognized as having the second strongest gun safety laws. In fact, gun deaths in Connecticut have declined by 28 percent since 2010, and leading academic researchers on violence have attributed Con-necticut’s decline in violence to smart policies. For instance, Ron’s work with the Connecticut General Assembly helped ensure the passage of our state’s prohibition on those under re-straining orders for domestic violence from possessing firearms, reporting requirement for lost or stolen firearms, and long gun permit re-quirement. The organization has also ensured that policy discussions incorporate the prob-lems faced by all Connecticut communities, rural, suburban, and urban, because all people have the right to live free from violence. What’s more, under Ron’s leadership, CT Against Gun Violence has ensured gun vio-lence prevention activists address gun sui-cides. Guns are used in nearly half of suicides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11DE8.003 E11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1679 December 11, 2017 
in America, and CT Against Gun Violence has worked with policy makers to dispel mis-conceptions, such as the claim that there are no policy tools to protect people who attempt suicide. The lethality of firearms makes them a uniquely dangerous tool in the hands of peo-ple who would harm themselves, and CT Against Gun Violence has started important conversations about how to keep people from harm and save lives. Following the tragedy at Sandy Hook School in 2012, Ron grieved with and rallied our com-munity to build the strong public support we needed to pass tough new laws that expanded background checks for private firearms sales, created a permitting system for purchasing ammunition, and limited high capacity ammu-nition magazines. No community should face the horror Newtown families did in 2012, and thanks in large part to Ron’s work with CT Against Gun Violence, our state has the means to prevent such future tragedies. Mem-bers of our military and veterans are at par-ticular risk of gun suicide death, as more than 20 veterans or service members die by suicide each day. Ron’s efforts are helping policy makers find ways to help those who have served us stay safe and address their mental health needs. Mr. Speaker, Ron Pinciaro has been a dedi-cated advocate for Connecticut communities, law enforcement, and families. He is an exam-ple to all citizens and public servants who has shown that we can affect true change when we take action to improve our state and na-tion. We are fortunate to count Ron as a friend and an ally in the effort to address gun vio-lence in our country. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CITY COUN-CILMAN ALFRED M. BROWN, JR. AND HIS SERVICE TO THE CITY OF CONCORD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize City Councilman Alfred M. Brown Jr. on nearly two decades of service to the City of Concord, North Carolina. I’ve known Councilman Brown for many years, and throughout this time I have consid-ered him a good friend. A lifelong Concord resident, Councilman Brown attended Concord High School and went on to attend the Cita-del. After his time at the Citadel Councilman Brown worked at the Concord Telephone Company and Windstream for over forty years in the OSP Engineering Department where he gained valuable experience that enabled him as Councilman to help shape the City of Con-cord into the wonderful place it is today. Over the years, Councilman Brown has been very active in our community as an ac-tive member of St. James Evangelical Lu-theran Church, delegate to the Cabarrus- Rowan MPO Transportation Advisory Com-mittee and a board member of the Concord- Kannapolis Transit System Authority. As you can tell, Councilman Brown lives to serve his community. Residing in Concord, he has two children and has shown himself to be a consummate family man. I am extremely grateful for Coun-cilman Brown’s service to our community and I wish him continued success. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring City Councilman Alfred M. Brown Jr. for his service to the City of Concord. f 
HONORING RAUL ANTONIO VAZQUEZ 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of Raul Antonio Vazquez, who tragically lost his life on November 23, 2017 in Garden Grove, California. Mr. Vazquez was a husband, father, son, brother, grandson, nephew, cousin, coach, and a friend. Mr. Vazquez was born in Fort Knox, Kentucky on November 8, 1967. In 1994, Mr. Vazquez moved to Orange County to pursue entrepreneurial ventures. It was there where he met his wife, Maricela Mi-randa, and later raised their three sons, Raul, Julian, and Joaquin, and daughter, Miranda. Mr. Vazquez was an avid sports fan and loved spending time with his family. In his free time, Mr. Vazquez volunteered to coach and lead various organizations at his children’s school, St. Cecilia School. All those he en-countered were also met with his frequent jokes, selfless heart, and the power of his faith. Mr. Speaker, it is with great privilege that I celebrate the memory of Mr. Raul Antonio Vazquez. A vibrant member of the Garden Grove community, taken from us too soon. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF CPS ENERGY 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 75th anniversary of CPS Energy’s outstanding commitment to public utility and service for the City of San Antonio. CPS Energy, formerly City Public Service, was acquired by the City of San Antonio in 1942. Throughout the 20th century, CPS En-ergy took part in a variety of business and service ventures. CPS Energy installed the first streetlight system downtown and intro-duced a customer service phone system in the 1950’s. In the latter half of the 20th century, the company took part in the South Texas Project, a jointly owned nuclear power en-deavor. Soon after, CPS Energy launched Project WARM helping those in need pay their winter utility bills. The project’s fundraising ef-forts provided 4,000 families with assistance in the first years of its launch. In 2002, CPS Energy, in partnership with the City of San Antonio and Bexar County, es-tablished the Residential Energy Assistance Program. The nonprofit organization has raised $22.4 million and assisted more than 76,000 households housing low-income fami-lies with children, the elderly, or persons with disabilities. CPS Energy has made recent notable in-vestments in emissions control technology in its coal-fired power plants and has contributed to the increase in use of lower carbon fuels with its 2012 acquisition of the Rio Nogales natural gas plant in Seguin, TX. A leader in Texas for solar generation and one of the larg-est consumers of wind energy in the nation, CPS Energy has made significant strides to-wards access to environmentally conscious energy. Through CPS Energy, the City of San Anto-nio has facilitated access to dependable and economical energy for 75 years. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize CPS Energy. f 
COMMENDING THE CAPITAL TIMES ON ITS 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Capital Times on the publica-tion’s 100th Anniversary. The Capital Times has been an integral part of our community since its founding on De-cember 13, 1917. In the earliest years of the publication, the Capital Times earned its rep-utation as a champion of progressive values by fighting for workers, farmers, and small businesses. From its humble beginnings on King Street, the Capital Times has expanded and adapted, yet has remained dedicated to the values upon which it was founded. Over the last one hundred years, the Capital Times has never lost sight of its mission to serve its readers and the people of Wisconsin. Since 1917, the Capital Times has been at the forefront of the most significant stories in Wisconsin and the United States. At a time when freedom of the press is being chal-lenged and many news organizations are fac-ing setbacks, the Capital Times continues its outstanding work. Through its efforts to pursue truth, the Cap-ital Times and its well-respected team of jour-nalists have remained committed to progress and our future. It is my honor to now recog-nize the Capital Times in celebrating its 100th Anniversary and wish them many more years of success. 
f 
HONORING BANKS COUNTY FARMERS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my neighbors who were recently honored at the Banks County Agricultural Awards Banquet. For the past five years, this banquet has celebrated the agricultural success of my friends in Banks County. Each individual rec-ognized at the banquet has promoted an in-dustry that serves as a crucial part of Geor-gia’s livelihood. Agriculture isn’t a field for just anyone. It is an industry for the optimist. With the ebb and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.004 E11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1680 December 11, 2017 
flow of good and bad seasons, farmers per-severe, producing food for our dinner tables with hard work and hope. This year, I want to honor the following northeast Georgians: Daphne Crumley for Ag-ribusiness of the Year, Ricky Martin for Farm-er of the Year, Ralph Dalton for the Hall of Fame Award, and Pat Whitlock for receiving the Woman in Agriculture Award. I thank these four farmers for their selfless dedication to their work, and I wish them con-tinued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CITY COUN-CILMAN LAMAR BARRIER AND HIS SERVICE TO THE CITY OF CONCORD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize City Councilman Lamar Barrier on over two decades of service to the City of Concord, North Carolina. I’ve known Councilman Barrier for many years and I consider him to be a good friend. Growing up in Concord, Councilman Barrier attended Concord High School. He went on to graduate from the Kentucky College of Mor-tuary Science and has been a Funeral Service Practitioner at Wilkinson Funeral Home for over thirty years. Councilman Barrier stood ready to answer the call by proudly serving his country during the Vietnam Era. Over the years, Councilman Barrier has been very active in our community by sup-porting the Cabarrus County Boys and Girls Club, Concord High School Athletic Boosters Club, CVAN, and Cabarrus 4–H. In addition, he has served on the boards of Hospice and Palliative Care of Cabarrus County, and Com-munity Health Centers at McGill and Logan. As you can tell, Councilman Barrier’s servant heart never stops, no matter the day or time. Residing in Concord, he and his wife, Chris-tine, have two daughters and two grand-children. I am extremely grateful for Council-man Barrier’s service to our community and I wish him continued success. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring City Councilman Lamar Barrier for his service to the City of Concord. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MASONS AND THEIR COMMITMENT TO THE KING GEORGE COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Mason family on their service to the Circuit Court of King George County, Vir-ginia. For the past 100 years, a Mason has served as the Circuit Court Clerk. Charles ‘‘Vic’’ Mason is the current Clerk and the third generation to hold the position. In addition to serving as Clerk, Vic is the co- founder of the non-profit, Some Gave All Foundation, which honors members of the military that have lost their lives protecting our freedom. Vic and his wife, Christine, lost their son, Nicholas, while he was serving in Iraq. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thank-ing the Masons for their continued service to King George County. f 
HONORING DR. JOSEPH L. WHITE 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today to honor and remember a prominent member of my community, Dr. Jo-seph L. White, for his immense dedication and invaluable contributions while serving the com-munity of Long Beach. Dr. Joseph L. White passed away on No-vember 22, 2017. Dr. White was a visionary who introduced and founded the Educational Opportunity Program (EOP) in 1967 at Cali-fornia State University, Long Beach (CSULB). This revolutionary model was later replicated by educational institutions throughout Cali-fornia and the United States, and allowed mil-lions of minority, low-income, and first genera-tion students of color to successfully attend and graduate from public and private colleges and universities. November of 2016 marked the 50th anniversary of the EOP at CSULB and Dr. White was honored in the presence of dignitaries and other prominent members of the community for his contributions as an edu-cator and the success of EOP. EOP serves approximately 2,500 students annually and is continuously growing. Dr. White was person-ally responsible for touching the lives of count-less students who remember him with great fondness and respect. In 1962, Dr. White was only the second black tenure-track faculty hired at CSULB. He was also the only black tenured psychologist in California. He was extremely troubled by the lack of diversity at CSULB and decided to act and enable change himself. He realized that colleges needed a vehicle to admit stu-dents with potential were unable to meet col-lege admission standards and requirements. EOP was able to support minority students, giving them a wider range of opportunities and a promising future. It is no surprise that he is known as the ‘‘godfather of diversity’’ at CSULB. Dr. White’s work extended beyond CSULB and throughout the community. Dr. White’s time as a professor of psychology at the Uni-versity of California, Irvine and across the country will never go forgotten. Mr. Speaker, Dr. White is an example to us all of us of the incredible value found in com-munity engagement. I am honored to recog-nize Dr. White for doing his part in addressing the issue of the lack of diversity in public and private colleges and universities, and thank him for the positive impact he has made on the community and the country. RECOGNIZING THE 200TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BHA’U’LLAH’S, FOUND-ER OF THE BAHA’I FAITH, BIRTHDAY HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize the Baha’i community of Pennsylva-nia’s 15th congressional district as they cele-brate the 200th birthday anniversary of Baha’u’llah, founder of the Baha’i faith. In 1817, Baha’u’llah was born to a Persian noble family. As a young man, he was known for his charity and service to others, earning him the nickname ‘‘father of the poor.’’ He founded the Baha’i Faith, a new and inde-pendent religion with its own scriptures, laws, teachings, and practices. The central tenet in-volves a message of justice, unity, and peace. In response to his teachings, the Persian and Ottoman empires imprisoned and exiled Baha’u’llah for over 40 years. Despite the in-justice and oppression he faced, Baha’u’llah continued to promote a message of the one-ness of humanity. In every place to which he was banished, he touched the lives of all those around him, and his enemies became his friends and admirers. Today, the Baha’i faith is a global religion with over five million followers around the world. And just over 120 years ago, it first ar-rived in the U.S. Wherever they live, Baha’is champion the principles that Baha’u’llah pro-claimed and strive to build a better world by being good citizens, serving their communities, and working side by side with others to pro-mote the common good. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DUANE DAUNER, PRESIDENT AND CEO OF THE CALIFORNIA HOSPITAL ASSOCIA-TION 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, when dedi-cated people reach the end of a long and full career, they care to be remembered for more than what they accomplished, but for how they accomplished it. Duane Dauner is a peace maker, a con-sensus builder, and a man with an uncommon mix of expertise and compassion. He is a man who has deservedly gained a local, statewide, and national reputation for his knowledge and abilities. Duane has over three decades of experi-ence as the President and CEO of the Cali-fornia Hospital Association, serving the most populous state in America with diversity to match its size. From rural expanses in the farms and deserts to the great cities along California’s coast and interior, Duane has more than capably responded to the health care needs of the people of California. Building on his experience in the Kansas Hospital Association and the Missouri Hospital Association, Duane came to California with a personal commitment to provide every Califor-nian with equitable access to affordable, safe, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.009 E11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1681 December 11, 2017 
high-quality health care services. In large part because of his work and leadership, California experienced the slowest rate of health ex-penditure growth relative to the entire nation. He took the lead to develop the Modern Pricing approach, a voluntary effort where hospitals can adjust their charges to develop a more user-friendly billing process. He im-proved the transparency of hospital data, help-ing to develop the California Hospital Assess-ment Reporting Taskforce (CHART), which adopted 50 hospital performance measures and still publicly reports hospital quality today. Under his leadership, the California Hospital Association established the 501(c)3 Hospital Quality Institute to prioritize initiatives that im-prove patient safety and quality. His public recognition acknowledges his ac-complishments. He has earned the American College of Health Care Executives highest honor, the Gold Medal Award, a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Healthcare Ex-ecutive of Southern California, and the Ludlam-Gamble Award from the National Health Foundation, among many others. I, along with House Minority Leader N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , have both appreciated Duane’s coun-sel and advice over the years, leaning upon him to inform our own health care policy deci-sions. The fact that we come from different sides of the aisle reflects not only the excel-lence of Duane’s advice, but also the quality of his character. Friends and colleagues have called him an ‘‘elder statesmen,’’ a ‘‘careful listener,’’ a ‘‘de-cisive leader,’’ and a man of ‘‘resolute char-acter’’ with ‘‘a work ethic that never wavers.’’ Duane is a person who has always done more than his job required and did it well. While the people of California and the nation will miss his leadership, we are all the better that he spent so much of his life serving our state and country. 
f 
HONORING MACEDONIA MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. WALTER B. JONES 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church in my hometown of Farmville, North Carolina. This congregation recently celebrated 126 years of serving our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. The passion and commitment from this church has helped to spread the Word and Humility of Christ throughout the town of Farmville and surrounding communities for many, many years. The ministry and community outreach per-formed by the people of Macedonia M.B. have helped meet the needs of so many. I am proud and honored to call these people my neighbors. I want to thank the church family of Mac-edonia Missionary Baptist and Pastor Dr. Jerry W. Spruell as they continue to improve the quality of life for so many people and com-mend them on this milestone in their ministry. I pray that they will be blessed with many more years of service to our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. As it is written in the book of Hebrews 6:10, ‘‘God is not unjust, He will not forget your work and the love you have shown Him as you helped His people and continue to help them.’’ Congratulations on your 126 years of serv-ice. f 
HONORING THE MADISON COUNTY LOCAL HARVEST BANQUET 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Madison County neighbors for their recent success in raising money for the local foodbank at the Madison County Local Harvest Banquet. Last year, the Madison County Extension Office launched this banquet to raise money for the local food bank, which assists families and friends in the area. What began as a simple idea eventually grew into a community-wide effort. At the ban-quet, local farmers donated food, students from the local culinary school prepared meals, and community leaders volunteered to serve food. In its inaugural year, participants raised over $3,000, and this year, their efforts increased by nearly half, putting the grand total at $4,375 raised for Madison County residents in need. As the holiday season approaches, let us all follow the example that my Madison County neighbors have put forth. Let us look to one another with compassion, opening our hearts in order to help meet the needs of our com-munities. I thank my friends in Madison County for their generosity, and I look forward to seeing the continued success of their charitable ef-forts. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COMMANDER JAKE FERRARI 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize those men and women who con-tinue to serve this great Nation with honor— men such as Lieutenant Commander (LCDR) Jake Ferrari, United States Navy. For the past year, LCDR Ferrari, affection-ately known in my office as ‘‘Snake,’’ served on my staff as a Congressional Defense Fel-low. A 2004 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, LCDR Ferrari is a proud Sur-face Warfare Officer who served onboard USS Lake Champlain (CG 57), USS Tarawa (LHA– 1), USS Milius (DDG 69), and USS Cape St. George (CG 71). During his assignment in my office, LCDR Ferrari provided senior-level input for defense, veterans, foreign affairs and intelligence matters. Additionally, he executed his work as a liaison to the constituents of Vir-ginia’s First Congressional District with distinc-tion. Furthermore, LCDR Ferrari provided excep-tional support to me as a staff liaison to the House Armed Services Committee in my role as the Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee Chairman. The year 2017 proved to be a pivotal time for the Navy’s surface com-munity, highlighted by the tragic collisions of the USS Fitzgerald and USS McCain. In re- sponse, LCDR Ferrari dutifully provided me with guidance on what the Navy’s path for-ward should be in critical areas such as train-ing, readiness, and manning. His recent expe-rience in the surface community was invalu-able to my work in Congress. As the Co-Chair of the Congressional Ship-building Caucus, the Co-Chair of the Navy- Marine Corps Caucus, and the Chairman of the United States Naval Academy’s Board of Visitors, I relied on LCDR Ferrari to organize quarterly events with government, military, and private sector leaders. These events allowed key decisionmakers to work together for the advancement of our future Naval Officers as well as the construction and repair of the ships on which they will serve. LCDR Ferrari also directly contributed to my goal of providing excellent constituent service to the people of the First District. He was re-sponsible for bringing numerous constituent in-quiries to a successful conclusion, and he le-veraged his personal and operational experi-ence in the Navy to respond to the most chal-lenging inquiries. In addition to his efforts lo-cally, LCDR Ferrari took on projects with re-gional, state, and national implications, dem-onstrating his ability to view a challenge from many angles and develop innovative solutions. Specifically, LCDR Ferrari served as my direct liaison to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) in the aftermath of the dam-age caused by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. His diligent communication and coordi-nation with FEMA benefitted many of my con-stituents with family residing in Puerto Rico. LCDR Ferrari’s work ethic, duty to mission, and commitment to servant leadership is with-out equal. I believe that his personal drive to achieve excellence in his work has and will set a very high standard for his peers. I would also like to thank LCDR Ferrari for the service and sacrifice he has made, and continues to make, both for our Nation and our great Navy. His keen sense of honor, impeccable integrity, boundless work ethic, and loyal devotion to duty earned him the respect and admiration of my staff and the First District of Virginia. I have no doubt that LCDR Ferrari will continue to serve the Navy honorably and with distinc-tion. I wish Jake, his wife Laura, and their chil-dren Lilly, Jack, Lucy, and Eleanor the best of luck as they continue their journey together as a Navy family. It was an honor and a pleasure having him serve on my staff We all can sleep soundly at night knowing that members of our all-volunteer force like Jake stand ready to de-fend our country and take the fight to our en-emies; far away from their families and the comforts of the United States of America. I thank LCDR Jake Ferrari for doing a fan-tastic job. Best of luck to him and may God bless him, his family, and all the Sailors he is charged with leading. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.014 E11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1682 December 11, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAYOR J. SCOTT PADGETT AND HIS SERV-ICE TO THE CITY OF CONCORD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mayor J. Scott Padgett for his more than two decades of service to the City of Concord, North Carolina. I’ve known and worked with Mayor Padgett more than 20 years, and he’s someone I’ve al-ways considered a friend and partner when it came to helping the citizens of Concord. A longtime resident of Concord, Mayor Padgett received his undergraduate degree from Appa-lachian State University, a Master of Edu-cation Degree from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, and an Advanced De-gree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Mayor Padgett has spent most of his life as a public servant. Before he was elected to public office he served as the principal at Bev-erly Hills Elementary School in Concord and as a member of the Concord Planning and Zoning Commission. As part of the Planning and Zoning Commission, he gained valuable experience that helped him shape the City of Concord into the wonderful place it is today when he was elected to the Concord City Council and eventually elected as Mayor. Over the years, Mayor Padgett has been very active in our community, receiving mul-tiple awards for his service. He has served on the boards of North Carolina League of Mu-nicipalities, N.C. Metropolitan Mayors Coali-tion, Cabarrus Boys & Girls Club, Cabarrus Bank & Trust, and the Rowan-Cabarrus Com-munity College, while also being an active member of the Concord Rotary Club, and par-ticipant in the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Mayor Padgett received a Lifetime Achieve-ment Award from the Cabarrus Regional Chamber of Commerce, and has been hon-ored with the Order of The Long Leaf Pine, the highest honor that can be bestowed upon a North Carolinian. As you can tell, Mayor Padgett’s servant heart never stops, no matter the day or time. Residing in Concord with his wife, Teresa, he has one son and three grandchildren. Mayor Padgett has shown immense dedication to his career and his family over the years. I am extremely grateful for Mayor Padgett’s service to our community and I wish him con-tinued success in his well-deserved retirement. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring Mayor J. Scott Padgett for his service to the City of Concord. 
f 
HONORING JACQUELINE S. GILLAN 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 11, 2017 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my good friend and tireless auto safety advocate, Jacqueline S. Gillan, on her retirement from her day-to-day leadership role at Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, a group she helped found nearly three decades ago. Beginning in January 2018, Jackie will transition to President Emeritus at Advocates. Jackie has dedicated her professional ca-reer to making our roads safer for all Amer-ican families. She co-led Advocates starting in 1990 and has served as President since 2011. Prior to joining Advocates, she worked in sen-ior policy positions in the Office of the Sec-retary of the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation, the United States Senate, the Wash-ington, D.C. office of the Governor of Ohio, and the California and New Jersey state trans-portation agencies. Her extensive accomplishments include the successful enactment of numerous federal and state laws advancing motor vehicle and motor carrier safety standards; improving child safe-ty; strengthening impaired driving laws; requir-ing safety belts, child restraints, and motor-cycle helmet use; establishing teen driver pro-grams; and providing adequate funding for highway and auto safety programs. Mr. Speaker, I have had the distinct pleas-ure of working with Jackie for several years on transportation safety issues. I am always im-pressed with her skillful knack to bring to-gether a diverse group of transportation stake-holders to work to make our roads safer. But perhaps Jackie’s greatest trait is her ability to tell the stories of truck crash victims with power and compassion. Her work with crash victims and their families—to make sure that every story is heard—is an incredible testa-ment to her personal devotion to the issues she has worked on. Jackie is truly one of the most effective ad-vocates that I have had the privilege to work with during my congressional career. You will find no greater champion for road safety than Jackie Gillan. She exemplifies the best of pub-lic service and principled public policy. I have no doubt that our roads are safer because of her years of hard work. I wish Jackie and her family nothing but the best in her well-earned retirement. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, De-cember 12, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED DECEMBER 13 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, and Johnny Collett, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilita-tive Services, both of the Department of Education, Scott A. Mugno, of Penn-sylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics, both of the Department of Labor, and other pending nominations. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine safe-guarding American agriculture in a globalized world. SR–328A Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine using force, focusing on strategic, political, and legal considerations. SD–419 9:50 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To receive a closed briefing on Depart-ment of Defense global counterter-rorism operations. SVC–217 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine an update on research, diagnosis, and treatment for traumatic brain injury/concussion in servicemembers. SR–222 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 2202, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board, S. 2200, to reauthorize the National Inte-grated Drought Information System, S. 1768, to reauthorize and amend the Na-tional Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, the nomination of Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, and a routine list in the Coast Guard. SH–216 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the 21st Century Cures Act, focusing on responding to mental health needs. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.018 E11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1683 December 11, 2017 
for the Eleventh Circuit, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Georgia, Charles Barnes Goodwin, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Mat-thew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Matthew Spencer Pe-tersen, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia, and Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. SD–226 2 p.m. Conferees Meeting of conferees on H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. HC–5 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the extra-dition Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kosovo, signed at Pristina on March 29, 2016 (Treaty Doc.115–02), the extra-dition Treaty between the United States of America and the Republic of Serbia, signed at Belgrade on August 15, 2016 (Treaty Doc.115–01), the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kiribati on the De-limitation of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013, and the Treaty between the Govern-ment of the United States of America and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimita-tion of a Maritime Boundary, signed at Koror on August 1, 2014 (Treaty Doc.114–13), and the United Nations Convention on the Assignment of Re-ceivables in International Trade, done at New York on December 12, 2001, and signed by the United States on Decem-ber 30, 2003 (Treaty Doc.114–07). SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine the con-sumer welfare standard in antitrust. SD–226 DECEMBER 14 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine assessing accomplishments and challenges of the Magnitsky Act. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States policy and strategy in the Mid-dle East. SD–G50 Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on new counterterrorism guidance. SVC–217 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and the nomina-tions of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Lou-isiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and Duane A. Kees, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas, Stephen R. McAllister, to be United States Attorney for the District of Kansas, Ronald A. Parsons, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota, Ryan K. Patrick, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas, and Mi-chael B. Stuart, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11DE8.000 E11DEPT1
D1302 Monday, December 11, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7937–S7947 Measures Introduced: Three bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2214–2216, and S. Res. 356.
                                                                  Page S7945 
Measures Reported: S. 875, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a re-port on filing requirements under the Universal Service Fund programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–192) S. 1322, to establish the American Fisheries Advi-sory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–193) S. Res. 139, condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i mi-nority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights, with an amendment and with an amended preamble. S. 1118, to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute.
                                                  Page S7945 
Measures Passed: Members of Congress Substitute Teaching: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 356, expressing the sense of the Senate that Members of Congress should substitute teach at least 1 day per year in a public school to gain firsthand knowledge on how to address the pre-vailing challenges facing educators and how to re-move obstacles to learning for students. 
                                                                                    Pages S7946–47 
Star Print—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that S. Res. 351, recognizing the bicentennial of the State of Mis-sissippi on December 10, 2017, be star printed with the changes that are at the desk.
                       Page S7946 
Grasz Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit.
            Pages S7938–42 During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 48 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 312), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7942 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, December 12, 2017; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S7947 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Michael D. Griffin, of Alabama, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineering. Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy. Chai Rachel Feldblum, of the District of Colum-bia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Op-portunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2023. Joseph H. Hunt, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                            Page S7947 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7944 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S7944–45 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7945 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7945 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7945 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7945 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7945–46 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7946 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7943–44 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7946 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—312)
                                                                Page S7942 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1303 December 11, 2017 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:05 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, De-cember 12, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7947.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4605–4615; 1 resolution, H. Res. 655, were introduced.
                                     Pages H9788–89 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Page H9789–90 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3359, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–454, Part 1); H.R. 1399, to reduce temporarily the royalty re-quired to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–455); H.R. 1730, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–456); H.R. 1733, to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and envi-ronmental benefits of the re-refining of used lubri-cating oil (H. Rept. 115–457); H.R. 2880, to amend the Federal Power Act to promote closed-loop pumped storage hydropower, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–458); H.R. 1313, to clarify rules relating to nondiscrim-inatory workplace wellness programs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–459, Part 1); and H.R. 4171, to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–460).
                                                         Page H9788 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9759 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H9760 Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Franks, wherein he resigned as Represent-ative for the Eighth Congressional District of Ari-zona, effective at 12 noon on Friday, December 8, 2017.
                                                                               Page H9760 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Franks, the whole number of the House is 432.
                Page H9760 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:06 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H9761 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy Act of 2017: H.R. 3359, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security;
         Pages H9761–68 
Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017: H.R. 3669, amended, to improve and streamline security procedures related to general aviation and commer-cial charter air carrier utilizing risk-based security standards;
                                                               Pages H9769–70 
Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017: H.R. 2706, amended, to provide require-ments for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Re-covery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 395 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 672; 
                                                                Pages H9770–73, H9777–78 
Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act: H.R. 3093, to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1304 December 11, 2017 
private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions; and
                                                                                    Page H9773 
Combating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017: H.R. 1730, amended, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay of 402 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 673. 
                                                                Pages H9773–77, H9778–79 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:55 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H9777 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9761. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9777–78 and H9778–79. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:26 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1260) 
H.J. Res. 123, making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2018. Signed on December 8, 2017. (Public Law 115–90) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine digital de-cision-making, focusing on the building blocks of ma-chine learning and artificial intelligence, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine national ocean policy, focusing on stakeholder perspectives, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider the nominations of Linda Capuano, of Texas, to be Administrator of the Energy Information Administration, Department of Energy, and Timothy R. Petty, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Inte-rior; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the permitting processes at the Department of the Interior and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion for energy and resource infrastructure projects and opportunities to improve the efficiency, transparency, and accountability of federal decisions for such projects, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine European energy security, focusing on United States interests and coercive Russian diplomacy, 10 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine the future of Zimbabwe, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on an examination of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine report ‘‘Making Medicines Affordable: A National Imperative’’, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4508, the ‘‘Promoting Real Op-portunity, Success, and Prosperity through Education Re-form Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment; and Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Corporate Average Fuel Economy Program (CAFE) and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards for Motor Vehi-cles’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Concerns of Patient Brokering and Addiction Treatment Fraud’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, begin markup on H.R. 435, the ‘‘Credit Access and Inclusion Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1457, the ‘‘Making Online Banking Initiation Legal and Easy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2219, the ‘‘End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2319, the ‘‘Consumer Financial Choice and Capital Mar-kets Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2948, to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning be-tween employers, and for other purposes; H.R. 3179, the ‘‘Transparency and Accountability for Business Standards Act’’; H.R. 3864, the ‘‘Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4464, the ‘‘Common Sense Credit Union Capital Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4519, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclo-sure requirements related to resource extraction, and for other purposes; H.R. 4529, the ‘‘Accelerating Access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1305 December 11, 2017 Capital Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4537, the ‘‘International In-surance Standards Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4545, the ‘‘Finan-cial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 4546, the ‘‘National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act’’; H.R. 4560, the ‘‘GSE Jumpstart Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4566, the ‘‘Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting North Korean Refugees’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Cambodia’s Descent: Policies to Support Democracy and Human Rights’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1865, the ‘‘Allow States and Victims to Fight On-line Sex Trafficking Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2595, the ‘‘Strengthening the Department of Homeland Security Se-cure Mail Initiative Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Con-sequences of America’s Growing Dependence on Foreign Minerals’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Full Committee, begin markup on H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; H.R. 1157, to clarify the United States interest in certain submerged lands in the area of the Monomoy National Wildlife Ref-uge, and for other purposes; H.R. 1349, to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure that the use of bicycles, wheel-chairs, strollers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wil-derness Areas, and for other purposes; H.R. 1350, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes; H.R. 1675, the ‘‘National Landslide Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2888, the ‘‘Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park Establish-ment Act’’; H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recreation Not Red-Tape Act’’; H.R. 3588, the ‘‘RED SNAPPER Act’’; H.R. 4033, the ‘‘National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthoriza-tion Act’’; H.R. 4264, the ‘‘Hyde Park Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 4266, the ‘‘Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4465, the ‘‘Endangered Fish Re-covery Programs Extension Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4475, the ‘‘National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring Sys-tem Act’’; H.R. 4568, the ‘‘Enhancing Geothermal Pro-duction on Federal Lands Act’’; S. 825, the ‘‘Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’; and S. 1285, the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Economic De-velopment Act’’, 5 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1638, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarifica-tion Act’’; H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Re-form and Transparency Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4324, the ‘‘Strengthening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Epidemic in Appalachia: Addressing Hurdles to Economic Development in the Region’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on the Implementation of the Forever GI Bill, the Harry W. Colmery Educational Assistance Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of December 12 through December 15, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, post-cloture. Following disposition of the nomination of Leon-ard Steven Grasz, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Following disposition of the nomination of Don R. Willett, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Decem-ber 13, to hold hearings to examine safeguarding Amer-ican agriculture in a globalized world, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: December 13, Sub-committee on Personnel, to hold hearings to examine an update on research, diagnosis, and treatment for traumatic brain injury/concussion in servicemembers, 10 a.m., SR–222. December 13, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to receive a closed briefing on Department of Defense global counterterrorism operations, 10 a.m., SVC–217. December 14, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine United States policy and strategy in the Middle East, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: De- cember 12, Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine digital decision-making, focusing on the build-ing blocks of machine learning and artificial intelligence, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1306 December 11, 2017 December 12, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine national ocean policy, focusing on stakeholder perspec-tives, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. December 13, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2202, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, S. 2200, to reauthorize the National Integrated Drought Information System, S. 1768, to reau-thorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Program, the nomination of Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, and a routine list in the Coast Guard, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: December 12, business meeting to consider the nominations of Linda Capuano, of Texas, to be Administrator of the Energy In-formation Administration, Department of Energy, and Timothy R. Petty, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Interior; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the permitting processes at the Department of the Interior and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for energy and resource infra-structure projects and opportunities to improve the effi-ciency, transparency, and accountability of federal deci-sions for such projects, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: December 13, business meeting to consider the nomination of R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, 9:50 a.m., SD–406. December 13, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: December 12, Sub-committee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine European energy security, fo-cusing on United States interests and coercive Russian di-plomacy, 10 a.m., SD–419. December 12, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine the future of Zimbabwe, 2 p.m., SD–419. December 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine using force, focusing on strategic, political, and legal considerations, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. December 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the extradition Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kosovo, signed at Pristina on March 29, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–02), the extradition Treaty be-tween the United States of America and the Republic of Serbia, signed at Belgrade on August 15, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–01), the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Re-public of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013, and the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Maritime Bound-ary, signed at Koror on August 1, 2014 (Treaty Doc. 114–13), and the United Nations Convention on the As-signment of Receivables in International Trade, done at New York on December 12, 2001, and signed by the United States on December 30, 2003 (Treaty Doc. 114–07), 2:30 p.m., SD–419. December 14, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on new counterterrorism guidance, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: De- cember 12, to hold hearings to examine the cost of pre-scription drugs, focusing on an examination of the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine report ‘‘Making Medicines Affordable: A National Imper-ative’’, 10 a.m., SD–430. December 13, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, and Johnny Collett, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsyl-vania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics, both of the Department of Labor, and other pending nomina-tions, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. December 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act, fo-cusing on responding to mental health needs, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: December 14, to hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Di-rector for Management, Office of Management and Budg-et, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: December 12, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act, 10 a.m., SD–226. December 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Georgia, Charles Barnes Goodwin, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Texas, Matthew Spencer Petersen, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia, and Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. December 13, Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competi-tion Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to ex-amine the consumer welfare standard in antitrust, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. December 14, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and the nominations of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1307 December 11, 2017 and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and Duane A. Kees, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas, Stephen R. McAllister, to be United States Attorney for the District of Kansas, Ronald A. Parsons, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota, Ryan K. Pat-rick, to be United States Attorney for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, and Michael B. Stuart, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: December 12, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. December 14, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, December 13, Sub-committee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Addressing Physiological Episodes in Fighter, At-tack, and Training Aircraft’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, December 13, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impacts and Future of North American Energy Trade’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, December 14, Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Operations of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS)’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, December 14, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2219, the ‘‘End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2646, the ‘‘United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Extension Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, December 13, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1486, the ‘‘Securing Amer-ican Non-Profit Organizations Against Terrorism Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4433, the ‘‘Securing Department of Home-land Security Firearms Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4553, the ‘‘Terrorist Screening and Targeting Review Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4555, the ‘‘DHS Interagency Counterterrorism Task Force Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4559, the ‘‘Global Aviation System Security Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4561, the ‘‘Security Assessment Feasibility for Equipment Testing and Evaluation of Capabilities for our Homeland Act’’; H.R. 4564, the ‘‘Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4567, the ‘‘DHS Overseas Personnel En-hancement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4569, the ‘‘Counterter-rorism Information Sharing Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4577, the ‘‘Domestic Explosives Detection Canine Capacity Building Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4578, the ‘‘Counter Terrorist Network Act’’; and H.R. 4581, the ‘‘Screening and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act of 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, December 13, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, December 13, Full Com-mittee, continue markup on H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strength-ening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; H.R. 1157, to clarify the United States interest in certain submerged lands in the area of the Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes; H.R. 1349, to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure that the use of bicycles, wheelchairs, strollers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wilderness Areas, and for other purposes; H.R. 1350, to modify the bound-ary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes; H.R. 1675, the ‘‘National Land-slide Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2888, the ‘‘Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park Establishment Act’’; H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recreation Not Red-Tape Act’’; H.R. 3588, the ‘‘RED SNAPPER Act’’; H.R. 4033, the ‘‘National Geo-logic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 4264, the ‘‘Hyde Park Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 4266, the ‘‘Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4465, the ‘‘Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Exten-sion Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4475, the ‘‘National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System Act’’; H.R. 4568, the ‘‘Enhancing Geothermal Production on Federal Lands Act’’; S. 825, the ‘‘Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’; and S. 1285, the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act’’, 12:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. December 14, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 4558, the ‘‘Grand Staircase Escalante Enhance-ment Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, December 13, Full Committee, hearing entitled, ‘‘Oversight of the Bureau of Prisons and Inmate Reentry’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, December 13, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Head Health Challenge: Preventing Head Trauma from Football Field to Shop Floor to Battlefield’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. December 13, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Advancing Solar Energy Technology: Research Trumps Deployment’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, December 13, Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Pre-Discharge Claims Programs: Are VA and DOD Effectively Serving Separating Military Personnel?’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, December 13, Sub-committee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Reform: The Taxpayer’s Experience’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. December 13, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Drug Supply Chain’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
December 13, Senate Committee on Finance, meeting of conferees on H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pur-suant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, 2 p.m., HC–5, Capitol. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Decem-ber 14, to hold hearings to examine assessing accomplish-ments and challenges of the Magnitsky Act, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1308 December 11, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 3971— Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017. Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E1677 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1677 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1679, E1681 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1679, E1680 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1679 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1678 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1680 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1677 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1678 Granger, Kay, Tex., E1678 Green, Gene, Tex., E1677 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1679, E1680, E1682 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E1681 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1680 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1682 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1679 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1680, E1681 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Dec 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11DE7.REC D11DEPT1