Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4919 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 2017 No. 102 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARPER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 15, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable G
REGG  H
ARPER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
MINERAL RIGHTS IN PENNSYLVANIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, since coming to Congress, I have had the distinct honor to rep-resent the Pennsylvania’s oil region and the Allegheny National Forest. Among our many economic drivers in Pennsylvania, energy development played a critical historical role in Pennsylvania and the country and con-tinues to be among our essential legacy industries in the Fifth Congressional District of Pennsylvania. While some of this energy production originally started with mining in the 18th century, the Pennsylvania oil rush in the mid-1800s changed America and has since had profound impacts on the world abroad. In the late 1850s, Edwin Drake, who later adopted the title of ‘‘colonel,’’ came to Titusville in search of oil de-posits. Unsuccessful at first, he eventu-ally made a breakthrough by drilling vertically through iron piping. In 1859, Drake drilled 70 feet down and finally struck oil in Titusville, Pennsylvania. The result was the world’s first commercial oil well and the birth of the modern petroleum in-dustry. Immediately after this innovation, the great oil rush began in Pennsyl-vania, attracting John D. Rockefeller and Standard Oil, among others. Due to this important history, 700 square miles of the region were des-ignated in 2004 as the Oil Region Na-tional Heritage Area, as recognized by the U.S. National Park Service. In the following decades, after Drake’s well, the oil industry grew throughout northwestern Pennsyl-vania, along with the production of high-value hardwood timber and forest products. Finally, in 1923, the Allegheny Na-tional Forest was established in four nearby counties: Warren, Elk, Forest, and McKean. When the Allegheny was created, the Federal Government only purchased the surface rights, inten-tionally leaving the mineral rights in private hands due to the then well-es-tablished oil industry and its impor-tance to the local economy. Since then, the Allegheny has largely operated harmoniously as a multiple- use forest, providing energy, forest products, good local jobs, recreation, conservation, wildlife habitat, and en-vironmental benefits. However, mineral rights owners and the local industry have had significant challenges in recent years due to ef-forts by some to force more Federal regulations on oil and gas production in the Allegheny. In 2009, the Forest Service settled out of court with environmental activists to apply, for the first time, the Na-tional Energy Policy Act to the leasing and permitting process in the forest. After nearly a decade in the courts, the settlement was correctly over-turned when the court opined that the Forest Service lacked the legal author-ity to require new regulations because the Federal Government does not own the mineral rights. Throughout this process, some tried to justify settlement by pointing to a provision contained in the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992, which directed the For-est Service to write new oil and gas regulations, specifically on the Alle-gheny because of its split estates. In the years between 1992 and the set-tlement, this provision was never im-plemented because of the well-estab-lished working relationship between the Forest Service and local mineral owners. In short, there was no reason to move forward with new rules because produc-tion was already more than adequately regulated. Since the courts have repeatedly spo-ken in favor of the mineral rights own-ers and ruled that the Federal Govern-ment has no authority to write such rules, I have introduced H.R. 2316, the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act, to correct the existing law. This legislation, if implemented, will repeal the requirements contained in the 1992 Energy Policy Act. By remov-ing this language, the bill will help en-sure that mineral rights owners and the Allegheny National Forest will be able to continue to access their prop-erty and the Forest Service does not write new rules in the forest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.000 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4920 June 15, 2017 
This legislation will also help to pre-vent further litigation, additional eco-nomic hardship in the region, and fur-ther waste of taxpayer dollars. The bill does not affect existing environmental regulations in any way. In the last Congress, the House passed the previous version with a bi-partisan overwhelming vote. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues during the 115th Congress passing this legislation into law. 
REFLECTING ON YESTERDAY ’S HORRIFIC  
INCIDENT  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I want to reflect just briefly on the horrific incident that oc-curred yesterday. It impacted so many friends and colleagues, and I certainly offer prayers for S
TEVE SCALISE and all those who were injured in that terrible incident. I offer my appreciation for the brav-ery of the Capitol Police that pre-vented many deaths from occurring with their heroic efforts of running to the sounds of the gun, even after the one officer being wounded, pulling her-self up to prevent further injury and certainly fatalities. I also want to offer a call to replace, starting within this institution, on this floor, the attacks of hateful personal politics and resistance, and to replace that with respect, to return respect to this Capitol, to this floor, to our Na-tion, to our communities, and cer-tainly to our families. And I just pray to God that God—the Scripture talks about how God will take acts of evil and use them for good, and I just pray that the evil, the hor-rific evil that was conducted yesterday, that this be an example that God will use that for good and that we replace the hateful rhetoric and resistance with respect. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL CITIZENSHIP DAY OF ACTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) for 5 min-utes. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Citi-zenship Day of Action on June 17. I am a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, but I am also the proud daughter of immigrants from Mexico. I understand how important citizenship is to families. When I was young, I remember watching my mother study for the exam. I would help ask her questions and make sure that she knew the his-tory of this country so that she could pass, and I remember the day that she went in to take her exam and passed. It was a proud moment for our family. June 17 is a day to encourage not just our colleagues to support initiatives to make the citizenship process more ac-cessible to millions of people who are pursuing the American Dream but also to go into communities and educate them about the importance of citizen-ship. 8.8 million people are eligible to be-come citizens but have not yet begun the process, and 3.7 million of those are eligible for citizenship fee waivers. Be-coming a citizen can cost over $700, and there are significant language and ac-cess barriers for those who apply. I know my aunt had to take it five times because her English wasn’t good enough, and it took her some time. But I encourage those who can, to do it, to make sure that they can because legal permanent residents face an up-hill battle to citizenship. My father was one who actually never became a citizen. My father was older, so I never really had an oppor-tunity to ask him why he didn’t do it, but I see today the importance of it, es-pecially in a day where immigrants are under attack, where more and more people who think they have a right to be here and have status here may do something that causes them to become deportable. It is so very important for people, who can become citizens, to take that opportunity to do it. It is really a gate-way to voting, to employment, receiv-ing benefits, and investing in our fam-ily’s future. Citizens receive higher wages, greater economic opportunity, and full access to the equal rights that are fundamental to becoming an Amer-ican. We should be promoting programs to ensure that these immigrants have the skills and the resources they need to learn, succeed, and give back to the communities they call home. Organiza-tions like the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights in Los Angeles are working hard to make citizenship more attainable for everyone by providing free citizenship services. Again, I urge my colleagues to sup-port these efforts on Saturday, June 17. Becoming a citizen is just the begin-ning of the American Dream. RECOGNIZING YESTERDAY ’S HORRIFIC INCIDENT  
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I also want to take a moment to recognize what occurred yesterday. I actually play for the men’s baseball team on the Democratic side. I was practicing when we were called in and got word of the horrific news. And immediately, about 5 minutes after hearing the initial news of just a shooting, we heard that a Member, one of ours, was shot, and we immediately went into prayer. And I have to take a moment to send my prayers to those who were im-pacted because it is a big group, but also those who were shot, those who were on the field. Our hearts and pray-ers go out to Representative S
TEVE  S
CALISE , Matt Mika, Zack Barth, and the courageous actions of the Capitol Police, Crystal Griner and David Bai-ley. Every day that I come to the Capitol, I see the men and women who serve, who are there to protect us, who are there to make sure to keep us safe, and sometimes we take it for granted. So I wanted to take a moment to thank them all for their service. To-night is the game at Nationals baseball field. I encourage everybody to come out. There couldn’t be a better reason. It is for charity, to really play tonight for our heroes, to play for a good cause. It would be a great thing to see a big showing. Last night, we had a bipartisan din-ner where we had the two coaches from both sides of the aisle come out. Again, I want to stress this is not a partisan issue at all. This is a time where we come together, and we should remain united. It was a tough day yesterday for me and for many of us here on the Hill. Come out and show your support. We would love to see you there. f 
REFLECTING ON YESTERDAY’S HORRIFIC INCIDENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I indicated to all those who would ask that it was a day of reflec-tion and prayer, to give comfort to those who needed to have comfort, and to reassert over and over again that when tragedy strikes, we are family. When tragedy strikes Americans from the East to the West Coast, to the North to the South, whether it be man-made or natural disasters, hurricanes or tornadoes, terrible floods that we have experienced in different regions of the country, mass shootings, the hor-rific loss of life of children in Con-necticut, the tragic Sandy Hook story that will live forever, the Pulse Night-club, Virginia Tech, Columbine, and places beyond, San Bernardino, that, in actuality, we recognize that we are, in fact, family. So I think it is important to raise up those who are still in the hospital, and the staff member who was released, in prayer, and to be able to explain to the American people how precious our de-mocracy is. Before I do that, I do want to praise our Capitol Police, Officers Griner and Bailey, and I want to express my deep-est prayers for Majority Whip S
CALISE , who is a neighbor. Those of us in the southern region, Texas, Louisiana, Ar-kansas, and beyond, we are neighbors. We have that southern thing going on. Texas might argue a little bit that they have got a little western thing going on, but we are neighbors. b1015 So many of our constituents travel back and forth between Louisiana and Texas—particularly, my city of Hous-ton—and we welcome them. We wish our deepest prayers and a hardy and speedy recovery for Majority Whip S
CALISE , and we thank him for his serv-ice to the Nation. We also recognize two that are wounded—a staff member and volun-teer—who just came to be helpful. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.002 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4921 June 15, 2017 
is the way we perform here. People who say: Send me. I will help you do this. You have got an event; I will come over and help. That is the preciousness of this coun-try and what is admired by people around the world. But I think it is also important to explain democracy. Democracy generates great passions by Members of Congress, House, and Senate. If we went back over the ages and we were able to read the papers of those who were on this floor when we were a much smaller country, it was high and shrill because of their passion about democracy, because they wanted to put together a country that would respect people because they fled perse-cution, and they didn’t want us to be a nation that would persecute. So I think as we go forward, it is im-portant to engage our constituents in the beauty of democracy and in the beauty of disagreement without being disagreeable and let them know that we welcome acting on their behalf. But violent acts or taking things into your own hands, let us calm our commu-nities all over the Nation. Let us give them a sense of the beauty of our dis-agreement, because we have managed to keep this democracy sacred for so many years. Let us not allow our good friends in the media, whom I respect with the highest esteem because they are a product of the First Amendment, let us not jump immediately into blaming this one or that one. So many of us have seen the trage-dies of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, the assassination of Martin Luther King, and the terrible tragedy of Gabrielle Giffords, who maintained her dignity and love of the institution and has taken on a cause that she be-lieves in and is still fighting as an American. So now we have the opportunity not to raise up who this person was who is now deceased—we don’t know his men-tal state, what his condition was, or why he was out. That it one issue. Let the investigation go forward. And whatever it is, let us still come to-gether and say that we will disagree and not be disagreeable, and we will not encourage or rise up or try to not explain what democracy and love is all about. Mr. Speaker, I leave this podium by saying: Love prevails over hate; and I know that the love that is being gen-erated toward those who are wounded and being cared for is going to cause them to have, I pray to God, a speedy recovery. And I say today: God bless all of you, and God bless the United States of America. 
f 
RECENT ICE RAIDS IN MICHIGAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the ICE raids that have happened in Michigan. I was alarmed by the U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement raids that have resulted in the detention and possible removal of Iraqi nationals, as well as other members of the Detroit community. Why am I alarmed? Mr. Speaker, what we saw happen on Sunday, June 11, was an all out push to just remove Iraqi nationals who have been in this country, some for up to 40 years, who have lived in this country, raised families, have worked, and were subject to raids. Over 100 Iraqi nation-als, including Chaldeans and Muslims, were removed from their families and transported to a correctional facility in Youngstown, Ohio. I have been in touch with community leaders, who are not only distressed by the ongoing situation, but also ex-pressed concern regarding the dangers that await these individuals if they re-turn to an active war zone in Iraq. Many of the communities charac-terize these raids as having a delib-erate and calculated motive. Under-stand that these deportations are part of an agreement made between Prime Minister Abadi and President Trump as part of a deal to remove Iraq from the travel ban, an agreement that is not in writing, Mr. Speaker, an agreement that Congress nor the public has access to. When ISIS reared its ugly head in 2014 in northern Iraq, its main targets for genocide, sexual slavery, and other gross human rights violations included these same people: Iraqi Christians, Muslims, and other ethnic and reli-gious minorities. In 2014, Congress passed a resolution, unanimously, recognizing Iraq’s ethnic and religious minorities as victims of genocide in Iraq and Syria. Since then, both the Obama administration and Trump administration have referred to these acts of violence against Iraqi Chaldeans and others as genocide; yet still we are going to deport these same people back to a country where there will be, surely, a confrontation of death or slavery. Removing these indi-viduals represents what many have de-scribed as a ‘‘death sentence’’ should they be deported into an active war zone. The final orders, we are told, of peo-ple who were convicted of offenses are based on criminal activities; but we know for a fact, some were for driving without a license and some were for having possession of marijuana 25 years ago. Furthermore, the removal orders are considered legal, and I support the legal process. They could be decades old. The problem is, Mr. Speaker, they don’t reflect the current challenging conditions in the country of origin. Some of those being deported can’t even speak Arabic because their entire life has been spent here in the United States. These raids have really started con-fusion and fear in the community. It is not in line with the compassion and humanity that we, as the United States, have expressed over the years. Mr. Speaker, I will also say that now is the time, more than ever, that we in this Congress should have the political courage to establish an immigration plan for America. This jumping up and saying we are going to go over here and we are going to do this is not reflective of a legislative process. We must have an immigration plan in America so that we can address the correct and humanitarian deportation of those who should not be in our coun-try, but also have a demonstrated and supported pathway to citizenship in these United States of America. It is amazing to me that in these United States of America, which was built from immigrants, we now have this un-official immigration process in Amer-ica. I close, Mr. Speaker, by saying that, as a Member of Congress and rep-resenting Michigan with a significant Middle Eastern population, I stand here ready to do the job that I was sent here to do and to get an immigration plan for these United States of Amer-ica. f 
NO ROOM FOR HATE AND VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with the heaviest of hearts. Mr. Speaker, I want to be crystal clear that there is not any room in our society for hate. There is no room for violence. Whatever we do and wherever we may stand, we must act in a peace-ful, orderly, and nonviolent fashion. We must understand that we are one people—the American people; we are one family—the American family; and we live in the same house—the Amer-ican house. Mr. Speaker, we must teach all of our people to respect the dignity and the worth of every human being. We must be the headlights, not the taillights, in loving and cherishing our brothers and sisters. We are brothers and sisters. We must understand that our foremothers and our forefathers came to this great Nation in different ships, but we are all in the same boat now. As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said: 
We must all learn to live together as brothers and sisters; if not, we will perish as fools. 
Yesterday, was a difficult and dark day. There was so much pain and suf-fering for so many people—for our fel-low Members, for our families, and for our staffs. It shook the Congress and our Nation to its core. I, too, was in shock. My heart and my soul ached for those who were attacked and for those who witnessed the violence. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my love and my feelings for all of our colleagues, our friends, our staffs, the officers, and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.005 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4922 June 15, 2017 
In each and every moment, my thoughts and prayers have been with all of the victims and their families as they begin the long road to healing and recovery. They must understand that we are with them. We are with you. You are not alone. We love you, and we are praying for your safety and recovery. 
f 
REMEMBERING XAVIER OMARI JOY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, last Thurs-day, on a June summer evening in Chi-cago, Illinois, in my district on the south side, a young man, 23 years old, was shot down, killed, and robbed of his cell phone, which was a nonsensical killing. Xavier Omari Joy was a teacher of our city, State, and Nation. He was given so much potential. He carried with him so much promise, and in his heart breathed so much purpose and dedication. b1030 Mr. Speaker, he spoke these words: ‘‘Living in Woodlawn and working at the South Side YMCA, I know the pit-falls and challenges my community faces. I strive to help the youth in my community by being a positive role model. I want to tangibly connect and aid youth to positively progress as stu-dents.’’ These were the words spoken by Xa-vier Omari Joy, a young man whose life was ended last Thursday. Xavier graduated from one of Chi-cago’s premier high schools, the Whit-ney M. Young High School. He played football for a year at the Harvard of the African American in the south, Morehouse College. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2014, Xavier joined City Year Chicago as a volun-teer. City Year is a program of AmeriCorps, whose purpose is to send young mentors into underserved com-munities to be of help, to provide guid-ance, and most importantly of all, to provide meaningful, substantive exam-ples. Xavier had so much promise, poten-tial, and so much personality. He could walk into a room and the room would just light up. Friends always knew that they could come to Xavier to get a compassionate hearing of their issues and their problems. If you were down for a moment, hey, Xavier could lift you up for the rest of the day. He didn’t get to be this kind of excel-lent individual by accident. He was born into a family of community-con-scious people. His father, Ra Joy, is the executive director of CHANGE Illinois, a coalition leading systemic political and development action. His mother, Nykea Pippion-McGriff, is the first Af-rican-American woman president of the Women’s Council of Realtors in Chi-cago. Mr. Speaker, I come here today to honor and ask the Members of this Chamber to honor the life and the memory of Xavier Joy. Xavier, our Nation, our community, and the people in the First Congres-sional District of Illinois will not let your death be in vain. We want to ex-tend the promise, the potential, and the purpose of your life into the lives of all the young people in our Nation. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Living in Woodlawn and working at the Southside YMCA, I know the pitfalls and challenges my community faces. I strive to help the youth in my community by being a positive role model. I want to tangibly connect and aid youth to positively progress as students.’’ These were the words of Xavier Omari Joy who was murdered on the streets of Chicago on June 8th. After graduating from one of Chicago’s top high schools, Whitney Young, and playing col-lege football for a year at Morehouse, Xavier returned home to the South Side. In 2014, Xavier joined City Year Chicago, an AmeriCorps program that sends mentors into Chicago’s most under-served schools to provide guidance and examples for youth. Just 23 years old, Xavier envisioned a ca-reer as an elected official. He saw this as an-other way to directly impact his community and his city. He was born into a family of community conscious parents. His father, Ra Joy is the executive director of CHANGE Illinois, a coali-tion leading systemic political and government reform. His mother, Nykea Pippion-Griff is the first elected African American woman presi-dent of the Women’s Council of Realtors Chi-cago. He further served his community as a tutor and mentor at the YMCA, as well as several schools in the Chicago metropolitan area. Xavier made his life about giving back and ensuring that children had a positive male role model. We will always remember Xavier’s dedica-tion to others, warmth, confidence, and benev-olent spirit. It is his loss of life that brought me to the House floor today. There are too many names, too many lives taken far too soon in my city, Chicago. There is a perverse spirit rampant in our na-tion where life no longer carries its value. That was demonstrated yesterday with the Alexandria shooting that wounded Majority Whip S
TEVE SCALISE , Capitol Police Special Agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey, Con-gressional Staffer Zachary Barth, and lobbyist Matt Mika. Life is valuable and we need to cherish its meaning. As a father whose son was also killed by gun violence, I can empathize with Nykea’s family and all the families across my district and the Nation who have experienced this tragedy. No parent should have to experience a loss such as this. Xavier was the type of young man that we all want our children to grow up to be and his life was taken while doing something so many Americans take for granted every day: return-ing home from work. My thoughts and prayers are with Nykea’s family and the families across America who mourn those lost to senseless violence. We deserve better. We are better. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 35 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, thank You for giving us another day. In Your presence, dark nights of challenges are dispelled by the dawn of Your love, and You know our needs before we express them. Thank You for daily providing our lawmakers with guidance and strength. We pause to thank You for the cour-age and sacrificial service of our Cap-itol Police. Forgive us when we take their daily courageous service for granted. Forgive us also when we seem to for-get that words matter and can become seeds that will bring a bitter harvest. Bring speedy healing to our brother S
TEVE SCALISE , and all those injured in yesterday’s shooting. Bring peace and solace to all those affected by yester-day’s tragedy. Today, use the Members of this peo-ple’s House as instruments of Your peace, bringing unity from division, light from darkness, joy from sadness, and hope from despair. Dear God, continue to bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CRAWFORD led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.006 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4923 June 15, 2017 
RAISING AWARENESS FOR ALOPECIA AREATA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to bring attention to alope-cia areata, a common autoimmune dis-ease affecting almost 7 million Ameri-cans today. This disease is character-ized by hair loss in round patches throughout the body and can affect ev-eryone regardless of race, gender, or ethnicity. Alopecia areata can have a dev-astating psychological consequence on patients, especially children whose confidence and emotional well-being can be severely impacted by the phys-ical manifestation of the disease. Although there is currently no cure for this disease, we are blessed to have organizations like the National Alope-cia Areata Foundation working tire-lessly to bring hope to those whose lives have been touched by this condi-tion. Through its wonderful staff and vol-unteers, the NAAF is lending essential support to research for a cure, which will happen, and serving as a helping hand to the families as they deal with this overwhelming disease. Mr. Speaker, there is much that we can do to help patients, and especially caregivers, so I encourage everyone in my community in south Florida and around the Nation to visit naaf.org to learn more about alopecia areata and to find out how you can get involved and help find a cure for this disease. 
f 
U.S. EMBARGO ON CUBA (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, soon President Trump will announce plans to reinstitute an al-most 60-year U.S. embargo on Cuba. This embargo was lifted by President Obama in 2014, and today, over 75 per-cent of Americans support continued normalized relationships with Cuba. The new, open relationship with Cuba has helped grow the U.S. economy, and the President’s plan to close Cuba will cost the U.S. economy over $6.5 billion. Roswell Park Cancer Institute in my home community of Buffalo, New York, is today partnered with the Cen-ter for Immunotherapy in Cuba to clinically test, in the United States, CIMAvax, a lung cancer vaccine giving advanced lung cancer patients new hope. The Roswell Park-led clinical trial, approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, was only possible because of normalized rela-tionships with Cuba. President Trump wants to destroy that relationship, and this Congress needs to stand up to this President and on behalf of the millions of Americans who benefit, including millions of cancer patients, from open relationships between the United States and Cuba. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT PATRICK WEATHERFORD (Mr. CRAWFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAWFORD. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a police officer from my district who lost his life in the line of duty just this week. Lieutenant Patrick Weatherford was a 15-year veteran of the Newport police force in the criminal investigations di-vision. He graduated from Arkansas State University-Newport, and Univer-sity of Arkansas at Little Rock. Lieutenant Weatherford, 41, was the husband to Kristen Weatherford and a loving father to his daughter and young son. At 6 p.m. on Monday, June 12, 2017, Weatherford responded to reports of a vehicle break-in. In pursuit of the sus-pect on foot, Lieutenant Weatherford was shot and taken to a local hospital where, shortly after, he succumbed to his wounds. While I did not know Weatherford personally, what I do know is that he was deeply loved by his community of Newport. The police chief, Michael Scudder, described Weatherford as a very good friend and an excellent offi-cer who wanted to make things better for Newport. Others remember him as a mentor and a fair, calming presence on the force at times when things can get tense. Weatherford had graduated from Newport High School and dedicated his life to learning how to serve the com-munity he loved better and better. Last year, Patrick had graduated from the FBI Academy in Quantico, Vir-ginia. That same year, Weatherford was named the Jackson County Officer of the Year by Arkansas Attorney Gen-eral Leslie Rutledge. Weatherford’s passing should be a re-minder of what we ask of our police of-ficers and first responders every day, year in and year out. The work they do is so often underappreciated, and yet their dedication and discipline allows all of us to live in peace and safety. My thoughts continue to be with Lieutenant Weatherford’s family, their police department, and the community of Newport. What our fellow men and women risk to protect us every day should humble us all. 
f 
ANGER AND HATRED IN POLITICAL ISSUES TODAY (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, this is my 29th year in Con-gress. I have followed the issues since my early teens more than 50 years ago. I have never seen anywhere close to the anger and hatred there is on political issues today. Yesterday, on the ‘‘Chris Plante Show,’’ he mentioned a professor, John Griffin, from the Art Institute of Wash-ington. Last month, Professor Griffin posted a link to a Washington Post col-umn, with the professor commenting that all Republican Members of the House ‘‘should be lined up and shot.’’ He added, ‘‘That is not hyperbole. Blood is on their hands.’’ That was in support of a Washington Post column by Paul Waldman saying the Republican healthcare bill was an ‘‘act of monstrous cruelty’’ that should ‘‘stain those who supported it to the end of their days.’’ Those who have so much hatred and anger in their hearts and minds seri-ously need to seek religious or psy-chiatric help. f 
BRING MORE CIVILITY INTO OUR POLITICAL DISCOURSE (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Madam Speaker, I join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in Congress to express my deep sorrow after yesterday’s shooting. At the end of the day, we are not Re-publicans or Democrats; we are Ameri-cans. We may disagree with one an-other, but we cannot allow those dis-agreements to change how we treat each other as fellow human beings. I believe we need to change our tone and bring more civility to our political discourse. Young people across the country look to us to set an example, and we all must rise to the occasion. This horrible violence will not divide us and it will not stop us from getting back to business on behalf of the Amer-ican people. Let us come together as Americans above all else, and, of course, keep our good friend, S
TEVE SCALISE , and all of those affected by the shootings in our prayers. 
f 
SPEAK TRUTH TO THE POWERFUL LIBERAL MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we must speak truth to the powerful lib-eral media. The invective, spite, and venom they hurl daily at the President contributes to an environment of ha-tred and violence. The media’s con-stant barrage of personal attacks can incite someone to take irrational ac-tions. The shooter at the Virginia ballpark yesterday wounded five people. His Facebook page once read: ‘‘It is time to destroy Trump and company.’’ That is not much different from the tone of many media articles. A study last month found that the President had received a higher per-centage of negative coverage than any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jun 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.010 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4924 June 15, 2017 
recent President, and a public opinion poll showed the media’s credibility at a record low. The American people deserve better than a biased media. For the sake of our country, let’s hope they will drop their abusive language. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 15, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 15, 2017, at 9:13 a.m.: That the Senate concurs in House amend-ment to the bill S. 1083. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2372, VETERANS EQUAL TREATMENT ENSURES RELIEF AND ACCESS NOW ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2579, BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 379 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 379 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2372) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules relating to veteran health insurance and eli-gibility for the premium tax credit. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to re-commit with or without instructions. b1215 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, the day before yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consider-ation for two very important measures. First, the resolution provides for the consideration of H.R. 2372, the VET-ERAN Act. This rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. In addition, the resolution provides for consideration of H.R. 2579, the Broader Options for Americans Act. This rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, both of these bills are a part of the House of Representatives’ commitment to repair damage done by the Affordable Care Act. These bills seek to amend key parts of the Amer-ican Health Care Act, which the House passed on May 4 of 2017. The American Health Care Act ex-pands health coverage options for Americans by allowing them to use advanceable, refundable tax credits to purchase State-approved plans in the individual market. The two bills will ensure the tax credits that Americans will use to purchase health insurance policies will be available to all who qualify. When the House passed the American Health Care Act, the bill included indi-vidual, advanceable, flexible, refund-able tax credits that individuals can use to purchase health insurance poli-cies on the individual market. When the bill passed, however, procedural reasons prevented the House from in-cluding two key groups of Americans: veterans who are eligible for coverage through the VA and individuals who need to get continuation of coverage through an employer’s COBRA-spon-sored plan. The two bills covered under this rule will remedy that same prob-lem. In recent years, the Internal Revenue Service has adopted a practice of pro-viding eligible veterans the choice to get financial support for a private plan in lieu of enrolling in healthcare pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 2372, the VETERAN Act, will codify this and continue that practice retroactively for both the Affordable Care Act’s Premium Tax Credit and the new tax credit created in the American Health Care Act. Veterans will con-tinue to be able to get premium sup-port when they opt out to purchase a private health plan instead of enrolling in the healthcare provided by the VA. Similarly, H.R. 2579 will expand ac-cess to the new American Health Care Act tax credit to COBRA, in the con-tinuation of that coverage. Under COBRA, group plans allow beneficiaries to keep their existing employer-spon-sored coverage if they are laid off, work fewer hours, or lose insurance due to a change in family circumstances. Often, those who need to use the COBRA coverage are those most in need, such as individuals who are in the middle of a treatment course and want to preserve their network of pro-viders. COBRA coverage is frequently very expensive, since the individual policyholder must now pay all the pre-mium for their policy. H.R. 2579 will extend the new tax credits to include people receiving COBRA coverage and enable people who need it to continue taking advan-tage of their employer-sponsored healthcare coverage, even after a trig-gering event. Mr. Speaker, the bills the House will consider under this rule will help fulfill the promise Republicans made to the American people. We made repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act with something that works the highest priority. Six weeks ago, we took the first step in fulfilling that promise with the passage of the American Health Care Act, and today we will take another step forward creating a healthcare system that works for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule, I urge support for the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes; and I want to begin by expressing my appreciation to both the Speaker of the House and the minority leader for their presen-tations before the full House yesterday in the aftermath of this terrible trag-edy, which has wounded our colleague, S
TEVE SCALISE , and two Capitol Police officers, and two staffers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.011 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4925 June 15, 2017 
We were all horrified by what hap-pened, but I thought both the Speaker and the minority leader came to the floor and set the right tone, not only for this Congress, but for the Nation. And Speaker R
YAN, yesterday, I thought, truly was the Speaker of the entire House of Representatives be-cause when he said that an attack against one of us is an attack against all of us, I think everyone feels that way. I thought it was also important that both Speaker R
YANand Minority Lead-er P
ELOSI reminded us that we are all part of one family. Sometimes we might be a little bit dysfunctional, but the bottom line is we are all part of one family. And like all families, we have our disagreements, we have our points of view, and we fight for what we believe in, and there is nothing wrong with that. In fact, that is what is right about this country. But, clearly, our politics in this country have gotten coarse and, in many cases, ugly, and what happened yesterday is something that I think that all of us are deeply shocked by. And so we pray for our colleague, S
TEVE SCALISE , we pray for Matt Mika, Zachary Barth, and the two Capitol Po-lice officers, David Bailey and Crystal Griner. We pray for their speedy recov-ery. I, too, want to echo the sentiments that were stated yesterday by our lead-ership, both in the Republican and the Democratic Parties, that we honor our Capitol Hill police officers. I mean, they protect us each and every day. They put their lives on the line for us. And if they weren’t there, the situation could have been much, much worse, and so I thank God that they were there. As far as the rule goes, the gen-tleman from Texas knows how I feel about closed rules. I voice my opinion on that often, and I will continue to voice my opinion on that. But I don’t think today is the time for me to pro-long this debate, and I think we should move on, and that is what I intend to do. Just one final thing, Mr. Speaker, on a personal note. This is the last rule that David Vince will work on here in the Rules Committee. He has been a fixture over the past several years, both in committee meetings and here on the House floor. He has worked on everything from healthcare to national security and on complex legislation impacting the financial industry. When David started working here in 2011, he went by his full name, David M. Cooper-Vince. But since he married his wife, Jessica, he now insists we simply call him David Vince, so we are all still adjusting to the change. But there is good news. While David Vince is leaving the House, he is not going far. He will attend graduate school at Georgetown University here in Washington to study business. We all wish David and his wife, Jessica, well, and we hope to welcome him back to government service again someday. So, David, thank you very much for your incredible service to this House. Again, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just say that I do agree with the honorable gentleman from Massa-chusetts. Yesterday, I think Speaker RYAN gave one of the finest speeches that I have heard on the floor of this House. I also agree that there will be ample time for debate on all of the issues that are encompassed in today’s rule, and I look forward to that spirited debate, as I always have in the past. But I also agree with the gentleman, that some of that debate may be best left for an-other day. I also want to acknowledge the gen-tleman from Massachusetts and his comments about David Vince. Any time one of our staffers departs from either the minority or the majority side, it is obviously a time of gratitude for their service, and we look forward to what is next in their lives. But I want to join with the gen-tleman from Massachusetts that we ap-preciate the service of David Vince to the minority and to the members of the Rules Committee in general. So thank you for your service to the House, David. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleagues for all of their work on the rules and the underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1230 VETERANS EQUAL TREATMENT ENSURES RELIEF AND ACCESS NOW ACT Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 379, I call up the bill (H.R. 2372) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules relating to veteran health insur-ance and eligibility for the premium tax credit, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to House Resolution 379, the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopt-ed and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 2372 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now Act’’ or the ‘‘VETERAN Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION RELATING TO VETERAN HEALTH INSURANCE AND ELIGI-BILITY FOR PREMIUM TAX CREDIT. 
(a) A MENDMENT OF PRE-2020 C REDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 36B(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, prior to any amendment by section 214 of the American Health Care Act of 2017, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sentence, an individual shall not be treated as eligible for coverage described in sec-tion 5000A(f)(1)(A)(v) unless such individual is enrolled in such coverage.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2013. (b) A
MENDMENT OF POST-2019 C REDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 36B(d) of such Code, as amended by section 214 of the American Health Care Act of 2017 and in effect for months beginning after December 31, 2019, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of paragraph (2)(B), an indi-vidual shall not be treated as eligible for cov-erage described in section 5000A(f)(1)(A)(v) un-less such individual is enrolled in such cov-erage.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection is contingent upon the enact-ment of the American Health Care Act of 2017 and shall apply (if at all) to months beginning after December 31, 2019, in taxable years ending after such date. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include in the R
ECORD  any extraneous material on the bill currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I would first like to thank Chairman B
RADY for his strong support of this bill, the Veterans Equal Treatment En-sures Relief and Access Now Act, the VETERAN Act. This important legisla-tion, which was reported out of the Ways and Means Committee on a bipar-tisan basis, will ensure all eligible vet-erans have access to quality, affordable private health insurance. Mr. Speaker, this Chamber cannot underscore enough the sacrifices of our veterans and the sacrifices they have made to protect the freedom and indi-vidual liberty of each American. In re-turn for their faithful service, these brave men and women are promised that, when they return home, they will have access to affordable healthcare through the Veterans Administration. However, some veterans decide to forego their VA benefits and, instead, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.013 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4926 June 15, 2017 
choose an alternative healthcare. Vet-erans should have the opportunity to choose the best healthcare option available to fit their needs. It is only right that our veterans are given the same opportunity as our other citizens have and the citizens that they defend. There have been conflicting reports about the eligibility of certain vet-erans to receive tax credits for all health insurance under the American Health Care Act. Make no mistake about it, no veteran would see a change in their eligibility status as a result of the AHCA. In fact, despite the Democrat’s claims about veterans’ eligibility for tax credits under the AHCA, when they voted for and signed ObamaCare into law, they failed to include this very same clarification in statute. Rather, they left it to the Department of the Treasury to issue a regulation clari-fying that veterans are still eligible for a credit unless they are enrolled in a VA healthcare benefit plan. So today this legislation, authorized by my friend and a veteran, Mr. S
AM J
OHNSON , should put into law current practice confirming that veterans can, without question, get a tax credit to purchase health insurance in the indi-vidual market if they choose not to en-roll in VA coverage. It is important to note that AHCA initially proposed to put into law this current practice, but that provision had to be removed due to Senate guid-ance about their Chamber’s unique rec-onciliation rules. While I am dis-appointed that this happened, I am glad that this body is acting on this item today. I would note that this legislation has received the support of several vet-erans’ organizations, including the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the As-sociation of the United States Navy, and The Retired Enlisted Association. I think that something we can all agree on is that our veterans should have the choice in where they receive their healthcare, just like the Amer-ican citizens they defended. In that spirit, this bill is something we can all get behind. To our veterans and their families, I thank them for their service. To my friend S
AMJOHNSON , I thank him for his leadership and the authoring of this important bill. I ask my colleagues for their support of the VETERAN Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to send my deepest thoughts and prayers to our colleague Whip S
CALISE , the Capitol Police officers, and the staff members that were injured in yester-day’s shooting. Although my Republican colleagues and I have robust policy discussions, ultimately, we desire the same goals. Today is no different, and our institu-tion is based on the respect and thoughtful debate that remain impor-tant pillars of our democracy. Mr. Speaker, this discussion and de-bate that we are about to have here is an honest disagreement. There is no suggestion here that there is anybody on this side of the aisle that is any less enthusiastic or less sincere in their support of what it is that our veterans need and desire. This is an honest pol-icy dispute. And I must tell you, based on long service in this institution, this is an unusual manner in which to proceed. We are actually being asked today to amend a piece of legislation that a month ago left this institution. I have not been witness to this, I believe, in the past; and I hope that, as we go on for the next hour, we will have a chance to connect the dots for our col-leagues about why this underlying bill is less than desirable. Last month, the Republicans brought TrumpCare to the House floor and every Democrat in this institution op-posed it. This was the Republican lead-ership’s second attempt to pass the re-peal, and it seems that their first at-tempt was not harmful enough to the American people. The measure, as passed, takes health insurance from millions of Americans, raises premiums for working families, and places an age tax on older Ameri-cans. Middle class Americans would end up on the losing end, while million-aires would receive a handsome, nearly $1 trillion tax cut. Perhaps most concerning is that Members voted in favor of this legisla-tion without understanding its impact on the American people. There were no hearings on TrumpCare. Amendments were rushed to the floor without com-mittee consideration, and the CBO score was not available at the time the House considered it. CBO, based on nonpartisan career professionals, provides important con-text and independent advice for Mem-bers of Congress. It provides an oppor-tunity for us to look at the long-term results and ramifications of policies we are considering. Clearly, our Republican friends don’t care about the jarring consequences CBO foretold. The House has ignored certain procedures when considering these important measures. First, since the Republican repeal bill passed, the CBO confirmed that the measure would leave 23 million Ameri-cans without health insurance. It would cut Medicaid by $800 billion, dis-criminate against individuals with pre-existing conditions, and drastically raise premiums for older Americans. Earlier this week, the CMS actuary confirmed that out-of-pocket costs will rise by 61 percent, and premiums will be 5 percent higher than under current law. Simply put, TrumpCare would force Americans to pay more for lower quality healthcare coverage. Second, this bill is not appropriate to consider now because it amends the TrumpCare bill, as I noted a moment ago, that has not passed the Senate. And our Senate colleagues have stated they are rewriting a House bill that the President called ‘‘mean.’’ Now I would like to turn to my sub-stantive concerns with this bill. H.R. 2372 would amend the AHCA to allow veterans not enrolled in mili-tary-related coverage to receive tax credits. It does nothing to fix the issues in the TrumpCare bill. Whether or not you initially sup-ported the wars in Iraq and Afghani-stan—and I was one of the few in this institution that voted and spoke against the war in Iraq those years ago—these wars have created 1 million more veterans, and we need to do what we can to provide them with the sup-port that we promised them. Let me remind my colleagues that the TrumpCare bill would shift costs onto veterans through per capita caps, roll back Medicaid expansion for vet-erans, and erode essential health bene-fits and preexisting conditions protec-tions. The Republican health plan would dramatically cut Medicaid, a program that provides healthcare for nearly 2 million veterans. And the President’s recently released budget takes it a step further by cutting veterans’ programs, including disability benefits. Even if this bill is incorporated into TrumpCare legislation, it would not undo the terrible cuts in the bill: enor-mous coverage losses, more than $800 billion worth of cuts to Medicaid, un-ravel important consumer protections or cuts to programs designed to help address the opioid addiction crisis in my State of Massachusetts and throughout the Nation. I am quite sure everyone in this in-stitution at this moment and those who are viewing know somebody close to them who is addicted to opioids. In addition, Medicaid is now a pro-gram that many middle class Ameri-cans rely on for long-term care. Thanks to Medicare and Medicaid, your parents are not living in your attic. This bill does nothing to fix the Re-publican healthcare plan and could cre-ate new problems. If Republicans are serious about addressing middle class American healthcare needs, they should go back to the drawing board and start over and work with us. This exercise is a distraction from the real issue, which is the harm caused by the underlying TrumpCare bill. Instead, we should be considering issues that help hardworking Ameri-cans and their families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I agree with Ranking Member N EALthat this is just a difference of opinion. It is a difference of policy opinion. There is no animosity on either side of this de-bate. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.017 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4927 June 15, 2017 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2372, the Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Re-lief and Access Now, or VETERAN, Act, which I am proud to sponsor along with Congressman S
AMJOHNSON from Texas and a number of our colleagues. The VETERAN Act would codify an existing Internal Revenue Service reg-ulation, allowing a veteran who is eli-gible for but not enrolled in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs healthcare system to use a tax credit to purchase health insurance. Lan-guage that would have codified that regulation in law was removed from a draft version of the American Health Care Act in 2017 earlier this year to comply with Senate rules. While the removal of that language from the version of the bill that ulti-mately passed the House in no way changed existing regulation or a vet-eran’s eligibility to receive a tax credit pursuant to it, it did form a basis for politically charged assertions that the American Health Care Act would harm veterans. First, congressional intent is clear. Second, I am confident that the IRS would interpret the relevant language of the American Health Care Act in the same manner as it did similar language in the Affordable Care Act under the President Obama administration. Nevertheless, I am glad that the pas-sage of the VETERAN Act today will, once and for all, put an end to pos-turing over this issue and codify Con-gress’ expectation that veterans who are eligible for but not enrolled in the VA healthcare system may continue to receive applicable tax credits to pur-chase health insurance. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support the passage of the VETERAN Act today. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the VETERAN Act, the legislation before us today, and I do so for a very simple reason: This merely codifies what is al-ready existing law under the Affordable Care Act, or so-called ObamaCare, something that was done through rule-making that I presume has bipartisan support. b1245 Yes, it is important to protect the veterans, but the reason we are on the floor today is another example of one of the greatest legislative malpractice acts ever committed in Congress: try-ing to pass a Republican healthcare bill with no oversight, with no hearing, no public input, and no experts testifying to run the traps for us as far as the in-tended and the unintended con-sequences. The reason we are on the floor now 1 month after passage of that bill is to try to correct just one of the defi-ciencies that exist in it. I say it is a so-called healthcare bill because what it really is is a $900 bil-lion tax break to the most wealthy in-dividuals in our country, including in-surance companies and drug compa-nies, under the guise of healthcare re-form and asking 23 million Americans, including 2 million veterans, as my friend from Massachusetts just pointed out, in Medicaid to give up their healthcare coverage to pay for that massive tax cut. It also will discriminate against older Americans in a rural congres-sional district, such as mine in western and north central Wisconsin, by allow-ing insurance companies to charge them higher premiums. It will also allow insurance companies to once again discriminate against individuals that have preexisting conditions. It does absolutely nothing to control the costs of healthcare—which have been rising—especially prescription drug costs that are affecting all Ameri-cans, and it was done in a way to jam this Congress and jam the American people about the consequences of this so-called healthcare bill. So, yes, let’s fix and make sure that we are protecting veterans who are get-ting their healthcare outside the VA medical center so that they, too, qual-ify for premium tax credits, which this legislation allows. But let’s do healthcare the right way by studying the implications of what will affect one-fifth of the entire U.S. economy and almost one-half of all Federal spending. Let’s regroup and do it the right way, through normal legis-lative process. That is having bipar-tisan discussions, committee hearings, and talking to the experts—consumers and patients alike—so we know what we are getting into when we are trying to take a run at the importance of healthcare in our country. One area that I think we can reach bipartisan agreement on or should be focused on are further steps to reduce the cost of healthcare to make it more affordable for all Americans. Again, we are missing that opportunity because of the lack of hearings and because of how this legislation was rushed through this Chamber just a month ago. We on this side didn’t even get to see the language of it until late the night before it was on the House floor. That is no way to legislate healthcare pol-icy. Mr. Speaker, let’s fix it today with this one small piece of legislation. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
AKANO ), who is a well- known advocate for veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin my remarks by offering my thoughts and prayers to Majority Whip S
TEVE SCALISE and his family, as well as Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, and the two other members of our community who were injured in yesterday’s attack. We are a family—from Members to staff, to the Capitol Police officers who keep us safe. Families have disagree-ments and arguments, but, in the end, we support each other. Speaker RYAN got it absolutely right yesterday: an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us. We owe it to the American people to hold a vigorous and public debate of our ideas, but we also owe it to them and to each other to do so without los-ing touch with our humanity. With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2372, which would protect access to tax credits for up to 7 million veterans on the Amer-ican Health Care Act. However, I am concerned by the process that led to this legislation. In testimony to the Rules Committee and on the House floor, I described this loophole in the bill that jeopardizes ac-cess to tax credits for veterans who are eligible but not enrolled in the VA. Repeatedly, supporters of the AHCA told me that veterans’ tax credits would be protected by existing regula-tion. This bill is evidence that the loophole is an issue and that the exist-ing regulation would no longer apply if the Affordable Care Act was repealed. While I am glad we are making this fix, I am concerned that the rushed process for considering the AHCA led to the House passing disruptive healthcare legislation without fully understanding its impact on millions of Americans, especially our Nation’s vet-erans. The tax credit issue is relatively easy to solve, but there are more com-plicated issues for veterans under the AHCA that require more comprehen-sive solutions. The $834 billion cut to Medicaid could impact nearly 2 million veterans. The potential for States to waive protec-tions like essential health benefits could lead many veterans without health coverage for the invisible wounds of war. Indeed, military service could be construed as a preexisting condition. As someone who repeatedly called out this veterans loophole, I feel com-pelled to support this fix, but my sup-port is not an endorsement of the AHCA or its impact on veterans and their families. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ), a member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VETERAN Act, H.R. 2372. Our Nation’s veterans must have ac-cess to affordable, quality healthcare options. I know that is one thing, of course, everybody can agree on, par-ticularly when it comes to our vet-erans. The VETERAN Act codifies an im-portant protection for those who served. Veterans who are not already enrolled in health insurance through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.018 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4928 June 15, 2017 
the VA will continue to have the op-tion to purchase coverage on the indi-vidual insurance market. Under the American Health Care Act, those veterans seeking coverage on the individual market will be eligible for tax credits to purchase the plan that is right for them. It is only right. This bill ensures our veterans have more op-tions and more control over their healthcare. Mr. Speaker, again, this is something we can all agree on. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legisla-tion, and I urge passage. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 2372, the VETERAN Act. However, before I speak about this bill, I would like to take a moment to thank my col-leagues, General B
ERGMAN and Dr. W
ENSTRUP , both colleagues of ours on the very bipartisan Veterans’ Affairs Committee, for their bravery on the ball field yesterday. Yesterday was a harrowing day for my colleagues, and their courage under fire made this Congress and America proud. While Majority Whip S
CALISE is still in critical condition, our col-leagues, who both served our country in uniform, gave Mr. S
CALISE a fighting chance. Please keep Mr. S
CALISE , Matt Mika, Zack Barth, and U.S. Capitol Po-lice Officers Crystal Griner and David Bailey in your thoughts and prayers. I rise before you today on the VET-ERAN Act to voice my concerns on the underlying bill it seeks to fix: the American Health Care Act. My colleagues and I criticized the AHCA a few weeks ago because it did not give veterans access to, and choice for, affordable healthcare. I am very glad to be here today now that my Re-publican colleagues have realized this error and are seeking to help veterans gain access to tax credits. I renew my commitment to work in a bipartisan way to improve the healthcare system in America. Our goal should be a system that provides access to affordable healthcare to all Americans, including those who have served in uniform. But no one should be under the illu-sion that the AHCA, with or without the VETERAN Act, will achieve these goals. The AHCA includes significant negative changes to Medicaid. This Congress and the American people should know that more than 2 million veterans rely upon Medicaid for their healthcare, and millions more spouses and children of veterans also rely on Medicaid. The AHCA would slash $834 billion in Medicaid coverage. When 40 percent of working-age vet-erans have no other coverage, passing the AHCA will mean that these vet-erans and their families have no access to lifesaving healthcare. As co-chair of the bipartisan task force combating the opioid epidemic, I urge my colleagues to consider that Medicaid provides vital mental health and substance abuse treatment for many of these veterans and their fami-lies that they will not receive other-wise. For our veterans seeking treat-ment for combat wounds, PTSD, MST, and other conditions, under the AHCA, military service to our country could be considered a preexisting condition resulting in a denial of care. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to make sure that the American people understand the impact of the under-lying bill that H.R. 2372 intends to amend. The bill purports to make a fix to the Republicans’ harmful healthcare bill, but the fix is inadequate for the harm the underlying legislation would cause. We have independent verification from both the CMS actuary and the Congressional Budget Office to rein-force our position. The Republican healthcare bill would cause millions to lose health insurance, face higher pre-miums and out-of-pocket costs, and jeopardize the health security that Americans with preexisting conditions have today. We should be working to improve our healthcare system, not making it more difficult and unaffordable for Amer-ica’s families. If this is such a great policy, let’s not tie it to a bill that is doomed in the Senate. In fact, if any-body can find out where it is even being discussed or authored in the Sen-ate, they should inform us. It clearly is not being done in the open. Let’s not tie it to that simple provision, and pass it as it stands alone today. Middle class Americans can’t afford this recipe. I urge my colleagues to work over the next few months to edu-cate the American people about the Re-publican health plan and how harmful it is to our Nation’s health. Hospitals oppose it, doctors oppose it, and pa-tient groups oppose it. The bill needs to be scrapped. We should instead be helping the middle class, not giving giant tax cuts to the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to express my gratitude to Ranking Member N
EAL and his hard work on the Ways and Means Com-mittee and his keeping the issue before us. But the AHCA makes no changes to veterans’ healthcare. Under this bill, unless vets decide to enroll in VA cov-erage, they are eligible for financial support. Veterans should have the op-portunity to choose the best healthcare option to meet their needs. It is only right that our veterans are given the same opportunities as the citizens that they defended. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the VETERAN Act. I ask for its passage, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’d first like to thank Chairman BRADY for his strong support of my bill, the veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now (VETERAN) Act. This important legislation, which passed the Ways and Means Com-mittee with bipartisan support, seeks to ensure all eligible veterans have access to quality, af-fordable private health insurance. Mr. Speaker, I spent 29 years in the U.S. Air Force, so I understand the sacrifices our veterans have made to protect the freedom and individual liberties of each American. In return for their faithful service, these brave men and women are promised that when they return home, they will have access to afford-able healthcare through the VA. However, some some veterans decide to forgo VA coverage and instead choose to en-roll in other health coverage—as is their right. But regardless of their eligibility for VA health coverage, veterans should have the oppor-tunity to choose the best health care option to meet their needs. It is only fair that our vet-erans are given the same opportunities as the citizens they defend. With respect to the American Health Care Act, some folks have raised concerns about the eligibility of certain veterans to receive tax credits for health insurance. Specifically in question are veterans who are eligible for, but not enrolled in, VA Health Coverage. Make no mistake about it, we must ensure that these veterans have the same access to the tax credits provided by The American Health Care Act as any other American would. That’s where my bill, The Veteran Act, comes into play. My bill would simply put into law a guarantee that veterans can indeed get these tax credits to purchase health insurance in the individual market. Without The Veteran Act, the eligibility of America’s veterans for AHCA tax credits would be left in the hands of IRS bureaucrats. That would be a mistake. This is too important of an issue to leave in the hands of the IRS. Bottom-line: this is a belt-and-suspenders approach to ensure vet-erans have access to these tax credits. It’s important to note that the American Health Care Act initially proposed to provide tax credits to veterans, but this language had to be removed due to reconciliation rules. While I was disappointed that this section was removed, I am glad we are doing the right thing today. I would note that this legislation has re-ceived the support of several veterans’ organi-zations, including: (1) The Paralyzed Veterans of America; (2) The Association of the United States Navy; and (3) The Retired Enlisted Association. As I stated earlier, our veterans should have choice in where they receive their healthcare, just like the American citizens they defend. I think that’s something we can all agree upon. And in that spirit, I think this bill is something we can all get behind. I ask my colleagues for their support of The Veteran Act. To our veterans and their families, I thank you for your service. God bless you, and God bless America. I salute you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 379, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.020 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4929 June 15, 2017 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
b1300 BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 379, I call up the bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 379, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 2579 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Broader Op-tions for Americans Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PREMIUM TAX CREDIT ALLOWED WITH RE-SPECT TO UNSUBSIDIZED COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 36B(f) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘in section 9832(b))’’ the following: ‘‘offered in the individual health in-surance market within a State (within the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C)), or any un-subsidized COBRA continuation coverage,’’, and (2) by striking paragraph (1) and by redesig-nating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5) as para-graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4), respectively. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF UNSUBSIDIZED COBRA C
ONTINUATION COVERAGE .—Section 36B(g) of such Code is amended by redesignating para-graph (9) as paragraph (10) and by inserting after paragraph (8) the following new para-graph: ‘‘(9) S
PECIAL RULE FOR UNSUBSIDIZED COBRA  
CONTINUATION COVERAGE .—In the case of unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage— ‘‘(A) subsection (d)(1) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘COBRA continuation coverage which is certified by the plan administrator (as defined in section 414(g)) of the group health plan’ for ‘health insurance coverage which is certified by the State in which such insurance is offered’, and ‘‘(B) the requirements of paragraph (8) shall be treated as satisfied if the certification meets such requirements as the Secretary may pro-vide.’’. (c) U
NSUBSIDIZED COBRA C ONTINUATION COV-
ERAGE .—Section 36B of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) U
NSUBSIDIZED COBRA C ONTINUATION  C
OVERAGE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage’ means COBRA continuation coverage the payment of applica-ble premiums (as defined in section 4980B(f)(4)) for which is solely the obligation of the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) COBRA 
CONTINUATION COVERAGE .—The term ‘COBRA continuation coverage’ means continuation coverage provided— ‘‘(A) pursuant to part 6 of subtitle B of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (other than under sections 602(5) and 609), title XXII of the Public Health Service Act, section 4980B (other than subsection (f)(1) thereof insofar as it relates to pediatric vac-cines), or section 8905a of title 5, United States Code, ‘‘(B) under a State law or program that pro-vides coverage comparable to coverage described in subparagraph (A), or ‘‘(C) under a group health plan that is a church plan (as defined in section 414(e)) and is comparable to coverage provided pursuant to section 4980B. Such term shall not include coverage under a health flexible spending arrangement.’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .— (1) Section 36B(d)(2)(A) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘COBRA continuation coverage or’’ after ‘‘other than’’. (2) Section 36B(g)(6) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (f)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(4)’’. (e) A
MENDMENT OF SECTION 36B ASAMENDED  
BYAMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017.— Whenever in this section an amendment is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to such section as amended by the American Health Care Act of 2017 and in effect for months begin-ning after December 31, 2019. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section are contingent upon the enact-ment of the American Health Care Act of 2017 and shall apply (if at all) to months beginning after December 31, 2019, in taxable years ending after such date. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to add my thoughts and prayers for our colleague and friend, Congressman S
TEVE SCA-
LISE, and the victims of yesterday’s shooting. May God be with them dur-ing this time. Mr. Speaker, my bill, Broader Op-tions for Americans Act, is before us today. We have all heard about COBRA con-tinuation coverage, which allows some-one with group health insurance who experiences a qualifying life event to keep their job-based coverage when they no longer have a job and, most importantly, their plan’s networks of providers—doctors, hospitals, et cetera—for a certain amount of time. Currently, consumers with COBRA coverage, who could face a cost of up to 102 percent of plan costs, are not eligi-ble for ObamaCare’s Federal subsidies. My bill allows individuals who pay for the full cost of such continuation of coverage to qualify for the tax credit established under the American Health Care Act. This allows those consumers, includ-ing clergy, church lay workers, and their dependents who are experiencing similar circumstances and who get their coverage through church plans, who have been affected by sudden life changes to receive assistance to pay for their unsubsidized health premiums. This bill represents another step for-ward in our continuing work to help Americans access more options for true patient-centered healthcare. Mr. Speaker, this hits close to home for me. As a high school student, my dad lost his job of 25 years. I think the gentleman from Massachusetts has heard that story before. We, as a fam-ily, lost our healthcare and went into COBRA coverage. This is a solution that impacts peo-ple across America, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to express again, as I did earlier, the support we have for the Capitol Police and others for the good work they do every single day and extend our best wishes to Majority Whip SCALISE . My friend, Mr. T
IBERI , who is man-aging time on the Republican side, said he was, I think, 17 years old. If he were here and had supported the Clinton healthcare bill, that never would have happened. That would be another way that we might want to look at. Mr. Speaker, as I said a bit ago, this is an unusual procedure. We are being asked to amend legislation that left the institution. Heaven knows where the Republican healthcare bill rests today. The President calls it mean; the Senate won’t tell us where they are, as they write the bill, and when it might emerge; and we find ourselves offering amendments to something that is not going to happen. H.R. 2579, the Broader Options for Americans Act, would allow premium tax credits to be used for unsubsidized COBRA coverage under TrumpCare. Unfortunately, this does nothing to fix the AHCA, the underlying measure this bill intends to amend. Older Americans are likely to rely on COBRA, and the AHCA would allow in-surers to charge older Americans up to five times more than they charge younger Americans. The tax credits in H.R. 2579 would not make COBRA cov-erage any more affordable for the American people. In addition, it could potentially weaken the risk pool cov-erage because it would encourage older and sicker workers to remain on COBRA that could hurt small busi-nesses. This is simply a backdoor way for States to discriminate against ex-isting conditions. Because of weakening essential healthcare in the underlying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.021 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4930 June 15, 2017 
TrumpCare bill, COBRA is going to be needed again to help people who leave employment for health reasons or have preexisting conditions. Let me remind the American people how we got here in the first place. Last month, Republicans brought TrumpCare to the House floor and passed it without a single Democrat supporting it. The measure, as passed, would take away health insurance for millions of Americans, raise premiums for working families, and place an age tax on older Americans. The bill is just one of the many promises the Republican leadership continues to make in an effort to twist arms for votes from their caucus to pass TrumpCare. I am also concerned that the House ignored important procedures when considering bills that are on the floor today. First, since the Republican bill passed, the CBO numbers confirmed the measure would force Americans to pay more for lower quality healthcare cov-erage. That is not in dispute. Second, this bill is not appropriate to consider now because it amends TrumpCare, and it hasn’t even passed the Senate. Even if this bill was incorporated into TrumpCare, it would not undo the terrible cuts included in the measure. It would leave 23 million Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $800 billion, discriminate against in-dividuals with preexisting conditions; and will drastically raise premiums for older Americans. It would unravel important consumer protections or cut programs designed to address the opioid addiction crisis in my State of Massachusetts, and throughout the Nation. I am quite cer-tain everyone here and watching this debate has someone close to them deal-ing with a drug or alcohol addiction. In addition, many middle class Amer-icans rely on Medicaid for long-term care. That is beginning to resonate with the American people. This bill does nothing to fix the Re-publican repeal measure, as I have noted, and it is likely to create more and new problems. I encourage my Republican friends and colleagues to go back to the draw-ing board, craft a bill with us, and fix the problems in the Affordable Care Act. There is a chance to do that. Twenty-three million more Ameri-cans have health insurance because of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now is not the time to retreat. In times like this, we should be advancing these arguments in this institution for hardworking Americans and their fam-ilies. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, on a personal basis, I have a tremendous amount of love and respect for Mr. N
EAL. We, obviously, have a disagreement. I tell my daughters about how a bill be-comes law, and I don’t need to tell the gentleman from Massachusetts how a bill becomes law, but we certainly, I think, believe that there are opportuni-ties to not only improve what you say is the Affordable Care Act but the bill that we passed. That is what we are doing today. I hope to work with him to continue to do that, as the Senate passes its own bill, and, hopefully, go to a conference committee. Hopefully, the gentleman will be on that conference committee. Mr. NEAL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. TIBERI. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. NEAL. What is a conference com-mittee? When is the last time one of those occurred in this institution? Mr. TIBERI. Reclaiming my time, not lately. Two years ago. One of the frustrations about the CBO report that never gets reported is the fact that millions of people will choose not to have healthcare. That is what the CBO says. It is not often repeated in the na-tional media or on the floor here, but I would just kind of remind everybody that, often, the other side of the aisle speaks a lot about choice and the free-dom to choose. And with respect to healthcare, that is what millions of people will do, according to CBO. I would also like to remind my friend—and I do mean that—that there are millions of Americans in my State alone who have insurance but don’t have the choice of provider they once had or the choice of a hospital they once had. That is pretty traumatic. There are people who have insurance, but premiums have doubled and tripled in the last several years and out-of- pocket expenses for those who are not subsidized have gone to levels that are unprecedented. I surely appreciate and would remind the gentleman from Massachusetts that this bill before us today simply says that we expand choices, we expand options for Americans by allowing them for the very first time to receive financial assistance if they lose their healthcare insurance. I know it is not perfect, but it is good. I hope that we can improve on all these aspects that the gentleman and I have talked about today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 379, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 267, nays 144, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 308] YEAS—267 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.023 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4931 June 15, 2017 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—144 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—19 
Blunt Rochester Cole Cummings Gohmert Harris Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Labrador Napolitano Norcross Payne Reed Rouzer Scalise Simpson Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) 
b1340 Messrs. CICILLINE, CONYERS, HECK, and BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. CORREA, Ms. SHEA-PORTER, Messrs. LYNCH, COHEN, and BISHOP of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 15, 2017, I was unable to vote on rollcall No. 308: Passage of H.R. 2579, ‘‘Broader Options for Americans Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 15, I was absent from votes on account of attending funeral, and had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Rollcall No. 308—‘‘yea.’’ ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, a motion to reconsider the vote on passage of H.R. 2372 is laid on the table. There was no objection. f 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE FOR THE HEROIC ACTIONS OF THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE AND OTHER FIRST RESPONDERS IN THE ATTACK ON MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ON JUNE 14, 2017, AND EXPRESSING HOPE FOR A FULL RECOVERY FOR THE INJURED Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a resolution and ask unani-mous consent for its immediate consid-eration in the House and, further, ask unanimous consent that it be read in full. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Clerk will report the res-olution. There was no objection. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 385 Whereas on June 14, 2017, an armed gun-man opened fire at a practice for the annual Congressional Baseball Game for Charity, wounding five individuals; Whereas United States Capitol Police Spe-cial Agents Crystal Griner, David Bailey, and Henry Cabrera responded decisively to the attack, risking their own lives to save the lives of others; Whereas Special Agent Griner, who has been a member of the Capitol Police since July 2008, was wounded in the course of con-fronting and subduing the attacker; Whereas Special Agent Bailey, who has been a member of the Capitol Police since April 2008, was wounded in the course of con-fronting and subduing the attacker; Whereas Matthew (Matt) Mika, who was formerly a legislative aide for Representa-tive Nick Smith, Representative Dave Camp, and Representative Tim Walberg, was wounded in the attack; Whereas Zachary (Zack) Barth, a legisla-tive aide to Representative Roger Williams, was injured in the attack; and Whereas Representative Steve Scalise, who has served the first congressional district of Louisiana since 2008, husband of Jennifer Scalise and father to Madison and Harrison, was wounded in the attack: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) expresses its deep gratitude to United States Capitol Police Special Agents Griner, Bailey, and Cabrera who bravely placed themselves in harm’s way to protect and save the lives of scores of individuals; (2) expresses its appreciation for the daily courage and dedication of the United States Capitol Police who protect the Capitol grounds, Members of Congress, and the pub-lic, to whom the Capitol belongs; (3) expresses its thanks to the Alexandria Police Department, Alexandria Sheriff’s Of-fice, and Alexandria Fire Department for re-sponding swiftly and effectively to aid the United States Capitol Police officers on the scene; (4) expresses its thanks to the first re-sponders and health care professionals who tended to the victims; (5) expresses its hope for a speedy and full recovery for the injured; (6) reaffirms that an attack on any Mem-ber of Congress is an attack on every Mem-ber, on the institution, and on the very prin-ciple of representative democracy; and (7) stands firm in its belief that violence has no place in a pluralistic society where differences are settled through debate, bal-lots, and a legislative process, which rests at the bedrock of our representative democracy. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1345 LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of ask-ing the majority leader the schedule for the week to come, I want to just make a comment. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, this House and, indeed, the Nation was shaken by the horrific shooting in Alexandria. We just, unanimously, passed the majority leader’s resolution. All of us are pray-ing for the safe recovery of our friend and colleague Majority Whip S
TEVE  S
CALISE and others who were injured yesterday. S
TEVE is the majority whip and I am the minority whip, and we are, there-fore, in some respects, adversaries, but we are also friends. I am keeping him, his wife, Jennifer, and their children in my thoughts today. Mr. Speaker, as you probably know, S
TEVE loves baseball. All of us have seen the broad smile on his face as he has taken to the field as a pinch runner in games past, wearing his University of Louisiana Ragin’ Cajun jersey and scoring runs for his Republican team. I am saddened—and I know all of us are—that we won’t be able to see him on the field today running, hitting, and scoring; but, Mr. Speaker, we know that S
TEVE is a fighter, and I am sure we will be seeing him running the bases again in next year’s Congressional Baseball Game. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I am going to wear a T-shirt that says ‘‘Team Sca-lise.’’ His staff gave it to me yesterday. We took some pizza by their office and talked to each one of them. We have had good relations between our two of-fices. We have worked together on a lot of things and, yes, we have opposed from time to time, but we are friends. I am also keeping in my thoughts the members of the Capitol Police, who keep us all safe. I am one of those who is blessed to have a detail because I am one of the leaders. Members of the Cap-itol Police are assigned specifically to try to make sure that I am safe—and, yes, those around me—as S
TEVE ’s de-tail did yesterday, courageously and heroically. I know the majority leader shares my view that every day that a member of the Capitol Police gets out of bed, puts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.006 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4932 June 15, 2017 
a badge in their wallet or on their chest, a gun on their hip, and leaves their home, they do so with a commit-ment to protect this institution, its Members, and, yes, the public who visit their House, their Senate, their Con-gress. We cannot say enough about our Capitol Police. They are extraor-dinarily well trained, but, also, they are extraordinarily courageous and committed to serving this institution, its Members, and our country. We are, of course, thankful for the courage and quick response of those of-ficers who were at the ball field yester-day, and we pray for their full and speedy recovery. And we do the same for the staffer and the former staffer who were also injured in that attack. Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), my friend, with whom I also have worked in a constructive way on so many occasions for the country. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his comments. Yesterday was a long and emotional day for the people in this House. A cowardly act of violence was directed at our friends, our colleagues, and our democracy. We are currently praying for all those injured and their families—Matt Mika, Zack Barth, Special Agent Crys-tal Griner, Special Agent David Bailey, and Majority Whip S
TEVE SCALISE . These individuals are strong and, as you said, they are fighters, and they should know that they have the full love and support of this House. But, Mr. Speaker, even in the face of this great evil, we saw amazing bravery yesterday. Special Agents Griner and Bailey put their lives on the line. They saved countless others. There is no other way to put it, but they are he-roes. Yesterday could have ended with many deaths. They ran out in order to draw the fire away from the Members. This attacker moved down the third baseline to home base, where the ma-jority of the players had been sitting in the dugout of first base, lying on the ground, and even a 10-year-old son, whom they would hover over on top of. He tried to make his movement there. Crystal had already been wounded. But as I talked to the agents yester-day in the hospital, they said that they wished they could have even done more, having drawn the fire away and saving so many lives. We will be for-ever grateful for their courageous ac-tions and those of all of our Capitol Po-lice, who are truly the best in the busi-ness. As we end this week, I do want to take the time to thank our men and women in uniform and keep them all in our prayers for their recovery. Yesterday I spent a large portion of the day at the hospital, yes, seeing the agents and seeing and praying for our majority whip. I have known S
TEVE  S
CALISE for more than 20 years. Before either of us were ever elected to any of-fice, we got involved in politics in Young Republicans. I was the national chairman, and he was the State chair of Louisiana. We developed a friend-ship, a camaraderie, and a passion for making the country better. I know what Jennifer and the kids are going through, but our prayers are with them, and he will definitely come back and play in that baseball game. So, Mr. Speaker, before I move on with the schedule for next week, be-cause of everything that happened yes-terday, I missed doing something im-portant as well. I want to wish my friend, Mr. HOYER , a belated happy birthday. I hope my friend enjoyed a nice slice of his favorite desert: pine-apple upside-down cake. I do want it noted that, even on his birthday, he took the time to make sure the staff of S
TEVE SCALISE had something to eat, and they appreciated that greatly. They appreciated his visit. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morn-ing hour and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. b1400 On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. One suspension worth highlighting is H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, sponsored by our own Representative G
LENN THOMPSON . You may know him, Mr. Speaker. This bill would expand experience- based learning opportunities and sup-port greater collaboration between schools and employers. Mr. Speaker, 65 percent of today’s grade school kids will work in a job that is yet to be invented. It is vital we provide our students with the skills necessary to succeed in an ever-evolv-ing workplace, and that is exactly what this bill aims to do. Along those same lines, the House will consider H.R. 2842, the Accel-erating Individuals into the Workforce Act, sponsored by Representative C
AR-
LOSCURBELO . Under this bill, employ-ers would partner with State and local agencies in an effort to hire TANF re-cipients and provide them with on-the- job training. There is no substitute for a good job, and, by passing this bill, the House will take a positive step toward getting more Americans back to work. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider two bills from the Natural Re-sources Committee. First, H.R. 1873, the Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act, sponsored by D
OUG LAMALFA . This bipartisan legislation would streamline the process for re-moving hazardous trees, helping to lower the risk of forest fires, while en-suring a reliable electrical infrastruc-ture. And second, H.R. 1654, the Water Sup-ply Permitting Coordination Act, spon-sored by Representative T
OMMCCLIN-
TOCK . This bill provides the framework for creating a one-stop-shop permitting agency, ensuring the vital water stor-age projects that are so badly needed are not delayed by red tape. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his information. Mr. Speaker, it is a time for us to be together, to be united as Americans, not as Republicans or Democrats, Lib-erals or Conservatives, and I thank the majority leader for his leadership in that effort and in remembering Officers Griner and Bailey and Cabrera, and all of their colleagues in the Capitol Po-lice, and with our prayers for S
TEVE  S
CALISE and the others who have been injured. I thank the majority leader, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PERMISSION TO OFFER RESOLU-TION RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ) may be rec-ognized on the legislative day of Wednesday, June 21, 2017, to offer the resolution that he noticed on Tuesday, June 13, 2017, without further notice under clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRI-DAY, JUNE 16, 2017, TO TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. tomorrow; and fur-ther, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, June 20, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
HAPPY FATHER’S DAY TO STEVE SCALISE (Mr. RUSH asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, it is with a determined spirit that I come to the floor today to wish our friend, my friend, our colleague, S
TEVE SCALISE , a Happy Father’s Day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.029 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4933 June 15, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, we pray for S TEVE ’s full recovery as he fights for his life at a hospital near here in our Nation’s Cap-ital. We pray for S
TEVE ’s family, for their strength, and for their comfort during this most difficult time. Today, Mr. Speaker, we all join to-gether in a spirit of family and love, to send our love to S
TEVE . Jennifer, Har-rison, Madison, you are in our prayers. S
TEVE , get well soon. Happy Father’s Day. In spite of it all, Happy Father’s Day. 
f 
THANKING THE KELLETT FAMILY FOR THEIR SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, in light of yesterday’s tragedy, I think it is im-portant to remember those who keep our communities safe, including our military, law enforcement, and first re-sponders. In addition to those groups, I believe educators are also heroes. Today, I want to highlight a family from my hometown of Papillion, Ne-braska, the Kelletts, whose story rep-resents what it means to be heroes and servants of our Nation. Bill Kellett recently retired as the di-rector of the Papillion-La Vista South High School band, and was a music ed-ucator for 33 years. His students were featured in two Presidential inaugural parades and marched in the 2000 mil-lennium celebration in London. His wife, Andrea, is also a longtime educator who taught history and di-rected the Titan guard and legion units. Three of their sons currently serve as airmen, and a fourth one is also a teacher in our community. Last December, Captain Kyle Kellett, one of their sons, was recognized with the Lieutenant General William H. Tunner Award as the commander of the most outstanding airlift crew in the United States Air Force. As civil war was raging in Yemen, then-Secretary of Defense Ash Carter ordered all U.S. personnel out of the country, and that is when Captain Kellett and his crew put their lives on the line to protect their fellow Americans. Their no-fail mission was flown at night, over the war-torn country, in bad weather, and with little time for planning. Captain Kellett and his crew quickly evacuated 70 Americans only hours before militants overran their lo-cation. His leadership and crew were nothing short of heroic. This is a proud all-American family. I want to thank the Kellett family for their service to our country. 
f 
NEVADA WON’T BACK DOWN (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, today, En-ergy and Commerce’s Environment Subcommittee advanced a bill that would ram Yucca Mountain down the throats of Nevadans. Among its many faults, the bill usurps the State’s water rights. Now, this is unethical, it is cer-tainly intellectually dishonest, and it is probably unconstitutional. Republican lawmakers have long touted states’ rights as a basic tenet of our democracy. What they must really mean is states’ rights apply to their States but not to Nevada. They also took great pride in oppos-ing the waters of the U.S. regulations, saying it was Federal overreach and outrageous power grab. Well, so much for principle. Now it is a different story. Taking a state’s water rights sets a dangerous precedent. If they can do it to Nevada, they can do it to you. If they can take our water, they can take your water. In the West, we say that water is worth fighting for. Whiskey is for drinking. Well, we are not giving up this fight. f 
WELCOMING PENNSYLVANIA FARM BUREAU INTERNS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week, I had the op-portunity to meet with students in-terning with the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. The Pennsylvania Farm Bureau is the Commonwealth’s largest farm or-ganization, with a volunteer member-ship of more than 60,000 members. Since 1950, it has provided legislative support, information, and services to Pennsylvania’s farmers and rural fami-lies. The Farm Bureau provides its mem-bers with representation, both in Wash-ington and their State Capitol of Har-risburg concerning legislation and rulemaking. Its grassroots structure allows county farm bureaus and their leaders to develop and implement poli-cies which are then determined at an annual meeting. I am always pleased to meet with our farm leaders of tomorrow. Through this internship, students interested in pursuing a career in the agriculture sector are afforded a firsthand experi-ence to further understand farmland preservation, commodity pricing, prop-erty rights, land management, and much more. Mr. Speaker, agriculture is Penn-sylvania’s number one industry. As vice chairman of the House Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Nutri-tion Subcommittee, it gives me great hope for the future to see our youth en-gaging in policy issues that impact our farmers. I look forward to them pur-suing their own careers in the agri-culture sector. GOD BLESS STEVE SCALISE AND ALL THOSE INJURED IN THE SHOOTING OF JUNE 14, 2017 (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that my thoughts and prayers are with our colleague, STEVE SCALISE , and the others who were injured as a result of the horrific shooting yesterday morning. This makes us realize how vulnerable we all are and, in serving our country, we risk a lot of things from time to time. The people who were injured, besides Congressman S
CALISE , the brave first responders who probably saved many more lives as a result, what can we say, other than thank you to the first re-sponders all over this country who save us day in and day out. The other young people, the staffer and lobbyist, everyone who was injured yesterday, my thoughts and prayers are with them as well. S
TEVE is a tough guy, and I know he is going to heal quickly, and I know he is going to get better and have a full recovery, so I just wanted to wish him a good Father’s Day. Let the small pleasures of life come back to him be-cause he deserves it. I want him and his family to know that our thoughts are with them dur-ing this difficult time. We are all in the same family together, the congres-sional family. And it matters not what party you belong to, but the fact is we are all there to serve our constituents and help America. So God bless America, God bless S
TEVE SCALISE and all the people who were injured. We are not going to stop until they are brought back home and mending and recovered 100 percent. 
f 
WELCOMING THE DEVIL BRIGADE BACK HOME (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, more than 3,000 soldiers with the Army’s 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st In-fantry Division, are headed home to Fort Riley in my district this month after a 9-month deployment in South Korea. Also known as the ‘‘Devil Brigade,’’ these soldiers have been stationed in South Korea since October of last year. During their deployment, these Amer-ican soldiers have trained closely with their South Korean partners, deterring North Korean hostility and providing security in the Korean Peninsula. This service is invaluable. These soldiers and families sacrificed greatly during their deployment. As the Devil Brigade begins to journey back home to Fort Riley, may I be the first to thank them for their service and say ‘‘Welcome Home.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.031 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4934 June 15, 2017 
CELEBRATING JUNETEENTH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we reflect on our colleagues and pray for their speedy recovery, let me stop for a moment to pay tribute to a very special time in certain parts of the United States now being celebrated, really, across the land. As I go home this weekend, we will be celebrating, commemorating Juneteenth. As President Lincoln gave the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, my constituency’s ancestors did not hear of the freeing of the slaves until more than 2
1⁄2years later when Major Granger landed in Galveston to announce that the slaves were free and emancipated. It is a serious time to honor those and the legacies of all of those who gave to this country, and we celebrate it with excitement and honor and dig-nity. Today, or this weekend, I am excited that we will rededicate the Emanci-pation Park. We will name the street Emancipation Street. We are delighted that the OST/Almeda TIRZ donated $33 million, along with foundations, to the city of Houston and community dol-lars. We will acknowledge those who bought the land, some many, many years ago, and this restoration will give the opportunity, not only for those in the Third Ward, where I am privileged to represent, and all of those heroes and sheroes, but it will be a park that will welcome everyone, from not only around the community and the city, but it will welcome those from across the Nation. Today, I introduce a Juneteenth res-olution honoring Juneteenth with 51- plus sponsors. I am proud to acknowl-edge that, yes, we got the news late, but we celebrate freedom and we recog-nize that America is at her greatest be-cause we are free, and freedom is cher-ished. To all the fathers across the land, to my husband and relatives, and in mem-ory of my late father, Ezra C. Jackson, I honor those who celebrate Father’s Day as well on Sunday. Happy Father’s Day. 
f 
b1415 SUPPORTING STATEHOOD OF PUERTO RICO (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege last Sunday to be an observer in Puerto Rico for the plebi-scite and watch the people of Puerto Rico make the decision that they would like to be the 51st State. I think it is time for this Congress to make the 3,400,000 American citizens part of the United States—in full gran-deur, as every one of us have—and have a chance of making sure we can vote for everyone to be part of this. I think it is time that America should stop colonizing. If I am not mis-taken, this is the last Nation that has a colony. The great America of the United States has a colony, and I think it is time that we change that. Vote in Congress to make sure that we have the 51st State. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to join my friend who has been such a great leader in dealing with those who have associations with our country but are not States. I join with his remarks. The Puerto Rican election that was held overwhelmingly voted for state-hood as the option of governance they wanted to pursue. It is now, it seems to me, the responsibility of the United States Congress and the administra-tion to recognize the overwhelming sentiment of the Puerto Rican people, expressed in a free and open election. f 
SUPPORTING STATEHOOD OF PUERTO RICO (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for his leadership on this effort, a Rep-resentative on the most recent State. I didn’t want to take all of his time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Maryland, S
TENY HOYER , for the support. It is going to take a lot of effort. There is a lot of naysayers out there. But, again, I believe so strongly that we treat every American equally. This is a civil rights issue, and they have voted 97 percent in favor of state-hood. As you know, I led this battle with your help in 1997. We had a vote, and, with your side, I won by one vote. Puerto Rico and Alaska didn’t go any-where, but I ask every American to think about it. Let’s make this the last colony. Let’s make this the 51st State. 
f 
PRAYING FOR VICTIMS OF CON-GRESSIONAL BASEBALL TRAG-EDY (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, 1 Co-rinthians 12:26 reads: 
If one member suffers, all the members suf-fer together. 
I stand today to show my support for my colleague, Congressman S
TEVE SCA-LISE, his wife, and his family. We pray for their strength, their courage, and their faith as they deal with the un-thinkable. I pray for S
TEVE ’s speedy recovery. We know he is a fighter, and we pray he will be back soon fighting for the people of Louisiana’s First District. We offer prayers for Matt and his family, who was also injured during the shooting. I rise today to remember the coura-geous Capitol Police officers who were injured; our heroes. If not for their bravery, more people could have been wounded and possibly killed. They risk their lives to protect us. The U.S. Cap-itol Police do this every day for us, for our staff, and for the public. We stand together during this chal-lenging time. When it happens to one of us, it happens to all of us. 
f 
COMMENDING CAPITOL POLICE FOR OUTSTANDING BRAVERY AND COURAGE (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘As a law enforcement officer, my fun-damental duty is to serve mankind; to safeguard lives and property; to protect the innocent against deception, the weak against oppression or intimida-tion, and the peaceful against violence or disorder. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, that is the first para-graph of the Law Enforcement Code of Ethics that every law enforcement offi-cer across this country swears to upon their becoming a law enforcement offi-cer and accepting that badge. I can tell you, yesterday, during the horrible event that took place, Officers Bailey and Griner with the Capitol Hill Police performed their duties above and beyond the expected. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take this opportunity on behalf of law enforce-ment officers across America to thank them for doing their job with such out-standing bravery and courage. I also want to let the Scalise family and the Mika family know that they are in our prayers. We pray for their speedy recovery. God bless. 
f 
LOVE NOTE TO MADISON AND HARRISON SCALISE AND SPEEDY RECOVERY TO ALL (Ms. SPEIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to join with all of my colleagues in recognizing the heroism of David Bailey and Crystal Griner, wishing them a speedy recovery, and that they take time to recover emotionally as well. I also want to extend a love note to the children of S
TEVE SCALISE . This is a love note to Madison and Harrison: Father’s Day is on Sunday, and I know for both of you it is going to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.033 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4935 June 15, 2017 
really difficult because dad is in the hospital, and you are concerned about his well-being. He loves you very much, and he is beloved here in this Chamber. Know that he will recover. He will be able to read with you and play ball with you. And what he needs most from you on this Father’s Day is just to have you there, to hug him, and to love him, and to kiss him, and to know that he is the best dad in the world. God bless you both. 
f 
PRAYERS AND SPEEDY RECOVERY TO ALL INJURED IN BASEBALL SHOOTING (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor consumed by great sadness. Yesterday’s attack, as we have all heard, was an attack on the entire United States Congress. It is even more tragic that this at-tack occurred during a practice for one of the most bipartisan traditions in the Congress. I stand here with my colleagues hop-ing for a speedy recovery for my dear colleague, Representative S
TEVE SCA-
LISE. My thoughts and prayers are with him, but also for all of the others that were injured, for all of their families, and for all of their loved ones. It is clear we all know that, without Capitol Police on duty with Represent-ative S
CALISE , there would have been many more victims. I want to express my deepest grati-tude to those officers who put their lives on the line, but I also want to pray for them and all those who were injured. I ask and I hope for their speedy recovery. 
f 
PRAYING FOR A FULL RECOVERY TO THOSE INJURED IN BASE-BALL TRAGEDY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, my heart is with the families and the loved ones of our colleagues, House Majority Whip S
TEVE SCALISE , and all those injured yesterday: Crystal Griner, David Bai-ley, Matt Mika, and Zack Barth. S
TEVE , we are all praying for you and your wife, Jennifer, and your children. We wish you a happy Father’s Day and a full recovery. To the U.S. Capitol Police, you showed yesterday why you are the best at what you do. David Bailey and Crystal Griner, without hesitation, leaped into action. Had they not done that, the story could be very different today. We are grateful for your service yesterday and every day. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. ROUZER (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of at-tending a funeral. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1083. An act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, June 16, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1681. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Spirotetramat; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0255; FRL- 9961-95] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1682. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan; Imperial County Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Sources Permits [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0621; FRL-9962-57-Region 9] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 1683. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Isofetamid; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0263; FRL-9961-80) received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1684. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Cumene Sulfonic Acid and its Ammonium, Calcium, Magnesium, Potas-sium, Sodium and Zinc salts; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2013-0467; FRL-9961-68] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1685. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Clean Air Act Requirements for Vehicle In-spection and Maintenance and Nonattain-ment New Source Review [EPA-R06-OAR- 2015-0833; FRL-9962-48-Region 6] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1686. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [WV105-6043; FRL-9961-19-Re-gion 3] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1687. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approvals; TN; Prong 4-2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0748; FRL-9963- 48-Region 4] received June 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1688. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Nevada Air Plan Revisions, Clark County Department of Air Quality and Washoe County Health Dis-trict [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0653; FRL-9963-43- Region 9] received June 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1689. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Cali-fornia Air Plan Revisions, Mojave Desert Air Quality Management District, Northern Si-erra Air Quality Management District, and San Diego County Air Pollution Control Dis-trict [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0647; FRL-9960-40- Region 9] received June 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1690. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Re-gional Haze Progress Report State Imple-mentation Plan [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0237; FRL-9962-75-Region 6] received June 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 1691. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Oklahoma; Infra-structure and Interstate Transport for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPA- R06-OAR-2015-0142; FRL-9958-61-Region 6] re-ceived June 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1692. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Accidental Release Preven-tion Requirements: Risk Management Pro-grams Under the Clean Air Act; Further Delay of Effective Date [EPA-HQ-OEM-2015- 0725; FRL-9963-55-OLEM] (RIN: 2050-AG91) re-ceived June 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1693. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-68, ‘‘Child Neglect and Sex Traf-ficking Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1694. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-69, ‘‘Grocery Store Restrictive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15JN7.035 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4936 June 15, 2017 
Covenant Prohibition Temporary Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1695. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the semi-annual report prepared by the Inspector Gen-eral for the six-month period ending March 31, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5 (b) of the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1696. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual Report from the Office of Inspector General for the period Oc-tober 1, 2016, through March 31, 2017, pursu-ant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1697. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Effluent Limitations Guide-lines and Standards of the Dental Category [EPA-HQ-OW-2014-0693; FRL-9957-10-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF26) received June 9, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1393. A bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States (Rept. 115–180). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 2188. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–181). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 625. A bill to provide for joint re-ports by relevant Federal agencies to Con-gress regarding incidents of terrorism, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–182). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois): H.R. 2901. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grant program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. K ATKO ): H.R. 2902. A bill to amend part B of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act to provide full Federal funding of such part; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 2903. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to promulgate reg-ulations that establish a national standard for determining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K IND, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R
ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R
USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2904. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the discharge character-ization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 2905. A bill to require the Attorney General to establish procedures for expedited review of the case of any person who unlaw-fully solicits personal information for pur-poses of committing identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. B
ERA): H.R. 2906. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the des-ignation of general surgery shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2907. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop and publish an all-of-the- above quadrennial Federal onshore energy production strategy to meet domestic energy needs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. LAN-
GEVIN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. E VANS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 2908. A bill to direct Federal depart-ments and agencies to perform certain func-tions to ensure that climate change-related impacts are fully considered in the develop-ment of national security doctrine, policies, and plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices, Foreign Affairs, Science, Space, and Technology, and Intelligence (Permanent Se-lect), for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. A
MASH , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. B
UDD, Mr. B UCK, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. B LUM, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. A LLEN ): H.R. 2909. A bill to require reciprocity be-tween the District of Columbia and other States and jurisdictions with respect to the ability of individuals to carry certain con-cealed firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York): H.R. 2910. A bill to provide for Federal and State agency coordination in the approval of certain authorizations under the Natural Gas Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. H URD, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. N
EWHOUSE ): H.R. 2911. A bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the National Mu-seum of the American Latino, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. L
AMBORN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. M AST): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15JN7.000 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4937 June 15, 2017 
H.R. 2912. A bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile defense system of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself and Mr. K
ATKO ): H.R. 2913. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to school-based comprehen-sive mental health programs; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H.R. 2914. A bill to authorize assistance for anti-tunnel defense capabilities for Israel; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T ED L
IEU of California, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S
ABLAN , and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H.R. 2915. A bill to repeal section 3003 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 2916. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. D UNN, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. T
IPTON , and Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York): H.R. 2917. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify when the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency has the authority to pro-hibit the specification of a defined area, or deny or restrict the use of a defined area for specification, as a disposal site under section 404 of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): H.R. 2918. A bill to intensify stem cell re-search showing evidence of substantial clin-ical benefit to patients, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia): H.R. 2919. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide that an indi-vidual may remain eligible to participate in the teacher loan forgiveness program under title IV of such Act if the individual’s period of consecutive years of employment as a full- time teacher is interrupted because the indi-vidual is the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is relocated during the school year pursuant to military orders for a permanent change of duty station, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska): H.R. 2920. A bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide ac-cess to medical marijuana, and enable re-search into the medicinal properties of mari-juana; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on the Judiciary, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B
UCK, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T IP-
TON, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 2921. A bill to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National For-est System land to better protect utility in-frastructure from passing wildfire, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 2922. A bill to reform and improve the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. R ICH-
MOND ): H.R. 2923. A bill to designate the Gulf of Mexico Alliance as a regional coordination partnership of Federal and State actions re-lated to the management of the Gulf of Mex-ico ecosystem, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N EAL, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. K EATING ): H.R. 2924. A bill to amend the National Se-curity Act of 1947 to establish the National Russian Threat Response Center within the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Appro-priations, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CGOVERN: H.R. 2925. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage for wigs as durable medical equipment under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Ms. FUDGE ): H.R. 2926. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to disclose hazing inci-dents, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2927. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include apprentices as members of targeted groups for purposes of the work opportunity credit; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself and Mr. S
IRES): H.R. 2928. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations to re-quire air carriers to disclose to consumers the actual wheels-off and wheels-on times for certain domestic passenger flight segments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 2929. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come certain combat zone compensation of civilian employees of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 385. A resolution expressing grati-tude for the heroic actions of the United States Capitol Police and other first re-sponders in the attack on Members of Con-gress on June 14, 2017, and expressing hope for a full recovery for the injured; considered and agreed to. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. V
ELA, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-lina, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R USH, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. L
EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
EVIN, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. V ARGAS ): H. Res. 386. A resolution recognizing June 19, 2017, as this year’s observance of the his-torical significance of Juneteenth Independ-ence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. P
ELOSI , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H. Res. 387. A resolution congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their historic championship victory in the 2017 National Basketball Association Finals; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself and Mr. F
OSTER ): H. Res. 388. A resolution congratulating and honoring Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory on 50 years of groundbreaking discoveries; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15JN7.100 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4938 June 15, 2017 
By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 389. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need to reduce the influence of money in politics; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
62. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, rel-ative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 8, urg-ing Congress not to repeal the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act or its most important provisions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 63. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 12, rescinding Senate Joint Resolution No. 1 of the 78th Session of the Nevada Legislature and expressing support for the retention of federal management and control of federal public lands in this State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 64. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 13, expressing the support of the Nevada Legislature for certain rec-ommendations relating to the conservation of wildlife in this State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 65. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, urging Congress to enact the Marketplace Fairness Act; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 66. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 4, urging Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Con-stitution to allow the governments of the United States to regulate and limit political contributions and expenditures to protect the integrity of elections and the equal right of all Americans to effective representation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 67. Also, a memorial of the General Assem-bly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 219, urging relevant federal and State authorities to investigate actions taken by Argentina’s state-owned oil company, YPF S.A., to discharge its Super-fund obligations in New Jersey through fed-eral bankruptcy proceedings; jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 2901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 2903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 2904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 2905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 2906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV Section 3 clause 2 By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 2908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 2909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, and Article 1, Section 8, which gives Congress the authority to legis-late for the District of Columbia. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 2910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 2911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 2912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: H.R. 2913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 2915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 3. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 2917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (relating to regulation of Commerce among the sev-eral states.) By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 2918. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 2919. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘. . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 2920. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 2921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in article IV section 3 clause 2 of the Constitution. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 2922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 2923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 2924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—To provide for calling 
forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15JN7.100 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4939 June 15, 2017 
Union, suppress Insurrections, and repel In-vasions; By Mr. M
CGOVERN: H.R. 2925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 2926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 2927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 2928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 2929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. H OYER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K
IND, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 38: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 44: Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 113: Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 299: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 303: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 358: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 360: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 379: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 380: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 389: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 398: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. L
EE, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 422: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mr. J ORDAN . H.R. 490: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 502: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 564: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 620: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 635: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 638: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 719: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 721: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 741: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 778: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 820: Mr. C
OSTA , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor- ida, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. V
ARGAS , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 830: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 846: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. V
EASEY , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 848: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 849: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 911: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 964: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 976: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1006: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1017: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1057: Mr. I
SSA, Mr. D UNN, Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1083: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1090: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1143: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1158: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1164: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 1247: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1253: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. L
ANCE , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1291: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1344: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1361: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1377: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1379: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 1406: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1413: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1419: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1441: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1445: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1467: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1480: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 1501: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 1539: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1551: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1617: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1626: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. L IPIN-
SKI. H.R. 1652: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1661: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 1676: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1681: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1697: Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. D
UNN, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1698: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. D UNN, and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1730: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1733: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1759: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1771: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 1781: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1818: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. R OSEN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K IND, and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1838: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1861: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1881: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1928: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1969: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1970: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1997: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2023: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 2056: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2059: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2069: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 2087: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 2091: Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2106: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. P EARCE , Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2130: Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 2135: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2142: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2150: Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
ULBERSON , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 2152: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2200: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2203: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 2228: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 2240: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 2245: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2248: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2262: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2276: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 2315: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . H.R. 2321: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 2327: Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 2366: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2397: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2401: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2417: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 2421: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2434: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 2437: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2484: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2491: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2495: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C OLE, Mr. R UTH-
ERFORD , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 2505: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Ms. R
OSEN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 2519: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2589: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2601: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2621: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 2651: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 2659: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2703: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 2712: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2746: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2747: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. M AST. H.R. 2756: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2788: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 2801: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 2820: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 2823: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2834: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 2840: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2847: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 2851: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2854: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.021 H15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4940 June 15, 2017 
H.R. 2856: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B OST, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. G
AETZ , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. K
NIGHT , and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 2858: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2866: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 2868: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2871: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 2875: Mr. M
EEKS and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2884: Mr. COSTA , Mr. R USH, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 2895: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. L
EE, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. B
ASS. H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. L
OVEand Mr. B RAT. H.J. Res. 102: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. H UD-
SON, and Mr. P OSEY . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 15: Mr. P
ERRY and Mr. S MUCKER . H. Res. 28: Mr. S
MUCKER . H. Res. 31: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 58: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. C HABOT . H. Res. 85: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Res. 188: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H. Res. 219: Mr. P
ETERSON . H. Res. 276: Mr. S
CHIFF . H. Res. 279: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H. Res. 311: Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. H ECK. H. Res. 317: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. D ONO-
VAN. H. Res. 318: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H. Res. 353: Mr. E
VANS and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H. Res. 359: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN . H. Res. 372: Mr. E
VANS . H. Res. 376: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H. Res. 380: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. M
AST, and Mr. E NGEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN7.017 H15JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3505 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 2017 No. 102 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy God, in whose presence dark nights of challenges are dispelled by the dawn of Your love, You know our needs before we express them. Thank You for daily providing our lawmakers with guidance and strength. Lord, we pause to thank You for the courage and sacrificial service of our Capitol Police. Forgive us when we take their daily courageous service for granted. Lord, forgive us, also, when we seem to forget that words matter and can become seeds that will bring a bitter harvest. Bring speedy healing to all those in-jured in yesterday’s shooting and sol-ace for all of us affected by this trag-edy. Today, use our Senators as instru-ments of Your peace, bringing unity from division, light from darkness, joy from sadness, and hope from despair. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. COUNTERING IRAN’S DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 722, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 722) to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Corker (for Graham) amendment No. 240, to reaffirm the strategic importance of Arti-cle 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty to the member nations of the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization and its contribution to maintaining stability throughout the world. Gardner modified amendment No. 250, to provide an exception for activities of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
PRAYERS FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE  
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this morning, the Senate continues to send its prayers to all the victims of yester-day’s horrific shooting. We know our House colleagues are all thinking about their colleague, Majority Whip S
CALISE . It has been an immensely dif-ficult 24 hours for all the victims, in-cluding Matt Mika, who remains in ICU, Zach Barth, and, of course, Cap-itol Police Officers Crystal Griner and David Bailey. Those officers didn’t back down when faced with this threat. Instead, as the Capitol Police always do, they put themselves in harm’s way to help protect others. Without them, we know so many more would have been injured. So we want to continue to express our gratitude to all those who gra-ciously put their lives on the line to keep the Capitol community safe. In doing so, we are also reminded of the bravery of our colleagues on the field yesterday—those who stepped in to help friends who had been injured as they waited for first responders to ar-rive. I think it says something about the character of those people as well. The events of yesterday were dev-astating, and we know it will take time to heal. But for now, the members of the congressional baseball team have made the decision to go forward with tonight’s game, which will be played for charity. I know we will be thinking about each of them as they take the field tonight. Mr. President, the Senate today will take a final vote on the bipartisan first step to hold Iran and Russia account-able. This follows overwhelmingly bi-partisan action yesterday to approve the Russia sanctions amendment, an effort that would not have been pos-sible without the good work of our For-eign Relations Committee chairman, Senator CORKER , and our Banking chair, Senator C
RAPO , and their rank-ing members. After 8 years of failed foreign policy under the Obama administration, 8 years of following the Obama adminis-tration’s preferred strategy of drawing down both our forces and our commit-ments, we must take a stronger stance in deterring Iran and holding its re-gime accountable for its actions and addressing Russia’s years-long pattern of provocations. These sanctions, which are just one of our foreign policy tools, will only work as part of a broader effort to re-build our military force structure and combat readiness in order to send a strong signal to friend and foe alike. The United States should no longer stand by and allow threats like these to go unaddressed. When the administration completes its series of strategic reviews, I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.000 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3506 June 15, 2017 
look forward to hearing from the Presi-dent and his advisers their rec-ommendations for countering Iran’s malign conduct across the Middle East and their recommendations for coun-tering Russia’s persistent efforts to un-dermine NATO. As I said earlier this week, this Iran and Russia sanctions agreement re-flects good bipartisan work. I want to thank Senators on both sides of the aisle for coming together to codify and strengthen existing sanctions. Let’s come together again now and pass these sanctions later this morning. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, have you announced the business for the day? The PRESIDING OFFICER. We have laid down the business. Mr. DURBIN. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today is the fifth anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Pro-gram, known as DACA. DACA provides temporary legal status to immigrant students who arrived in the United States as children and infants, if they register with the government, pay a fee, and pass a criminal background check. The program is based on the DREAM Act, a piece of legislation I introduced 16 years ago in 2001. That legislation gave undocumented students who grew up in this country a chance to earn a path to legal status and citizenship. These young people have come to be known as DREAMers. What used to be a word reserved for rock-and-roll groups is now a word that has become part of our common language to de-scribe an immigration challenge and opportunity. These DREAMers came to the United States as children. They are American in every way except for their legal im-migration status. We have already in-vested a lot of money in these kids. We educated them. We made them part of this country, and it makes no sense to squander their talents by deporting them at this moment in their lives. In April 2010, I sent a letter to Presi-dent Obama. Dick Lugar, the Repub-lican Senator from Indiana, joined me. On a bipartisan basis, we said to Presi-dent Obama: Stop deporting these young kids. They did nothing wrong. Their parents made the decision to come here. Give them a chance. The President responded. It is now clear the DACA Program he created by Execu-tive order has been a great success. More than 780,000 DREAMers have come forward and received DACA pro-tection and status that has allowed them to contribute more fully to this country as students, as teachers, as nurses, as engineers, as entrepreneurs. A recent study by the Center for American Progress found that ending DACA—saying to these 780,000 young people they are no longer part of Amer-ica—would cost us. It would cost our economy over $400 billion in gross do-mestic product over the next 10 years. These are productive citizens doing good things for America. I should take that back. They are not citizens yet. They are productive people doing good things for America whom I want to make citizens if the DREAM Act be-comes law. I have many differences with Presi-dent Trump on immigration. For exam-ple, the President’s January 25 Execu-tive order makes up to 8 million immi-grants priorities for deportation, and seeks to create a deportation force by tripling the number of immigration agents. This ignores the reality that the vast majority of undocumented im-migrants are law-abiding individuals who make important economic con-tributions to this country, and have deep roots in the United States. I am grateful, and I say that pub-licly. I have said it before. I am grate-ful President Trump has decided to keep the DACA Program in place. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and the U.S. Citizenship and Im-migration Service Director nominee, Francis Cissna, have promised me per-sonally and publicly that they will maintain the existing guidelines for the DACA Program. I appreciate this commitment. I intend to hold them to it. Congress also has an obligation to do its job. We ought to do something we rarely do in the U.S. Senate—pass leg-islation, fix our broken immigration system. Think about this: On June 27, 2013—4 years ago—the Senate, on a bi-partisan basis, passed comprehensive immigration reform by a vote of 68 to 32, better than 2 to 1. I was glad to be part of the Gang of 8 Democratic and Republican Senators who worked for months on the bill that passed by this margin. It strengthened border secu-rity, protected American workers, and it established a tough but fair path to citizenship for 11 million undocu-mented people in this country. Unfortunately, the Republican ma-jority of the House of Representatives would not debate it, would not consider it, would not bring it for a vote, and it died in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. If they had done their job, their work, it would have passed with a bi-partisan majority. President Obama would have signed it into law. I might not be standing here today talking about this issue. Over the years, I have come to the floor of the Senate to tell story after story about DREAMers, the young im-migrant students who grew up in this country. These stories put a human face on the DACA Program and the DREAM legislation. They show that immigration makes our country stronger. Today, I want to say a word about Gissel Escobedo. This is Gissel. She came to the United States at the age of 3. Her family emigrated from Mexico. She grew up in my home State of Illi-nois, in the town of Cicero. She was an honors student in high school. She at-tended their gifted program. She had a big responsibility personally. From a young age, she was one of the primary caregivers for her brother who suffers from severe autism. During the little spare time she had, Gissel was a volun-teer in her community, helping organi-zations provide care for children with autism. As an undocumented student though, Gissel was not eligible for any Federal assistance to go to college, but as a re-sult of her academic achievements in high school, she received a private scholarship to attend the University of Illinois at Chicago. As a college stu-dent, Gissel was a writing tutor and a leader in student organizations for fu-ture teachers. In 2010, she graduated from the University of Illinois Chicago and the College of Education with a de-gree in elementary education. After the graduation ceremony, Gissel re-ceived a Dean’s Merit Award. She de-livered the graduation speech for her class. She wanted to start using her degree as an elementary school teacher, but because she was undocumented, that wasn’t possible. Instead, she continued her education and earned a master’s degree at the University of Illinois. She was accepted into a disability leader-ship program as a family advocate. Then, in 2012, the world changed for the better for Gissel. President Obama established the DACA Program. She immediately applied for DACA. Then, in 2013, she completed her master’s de-gree and became an elementary school teacher. For the last 4 years, Gissel has been a teacher in the Berwyn South School District. Last year, she was awarded a certificate of achievement for her leadership as one of two teach-ers to implement the first-ever dual- language program in the district. Gissel sent me a letter. I would like to read part of it as part of the R
ECORD . Here is what she said: 
DACA has enabled me to become a mean-ingful member of society by opening doors that would have otherwise not been acces-sible. DACA recipients, like myself, are more than just a policy. My hope is that when peo-ple listen to our stories, they will notice the kind of individuals that we are and the kind of contributions we make—not only to the economy, but to our society. 
I reflect on that paragraph to think about this young woman, the chal-lenges she has faced within her family, and challenges imposed by the fact that she was undocumented. She has never lost sight of her commitment to her family, to her disabled sibling, and to many others in her community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.001 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3507 June 15, 2017 
Now she wants to be a teacher. Wouldn’t you be proud and honored to have your child in a classroom with someone with Gissel’s master’s degree and values? I certainly would. Gissel and other DREAMers have so much to give to the United States, but without DACA and without the DREAM Act, Gissel would be deported back to Mex-ico—a country she hasn’t lived in since she was 3 years old. Will America be a stronger country if we send away people like Gissel, if we deport them and say we don’t need them in our future? Of course not. The answer is clear. Gissel will make Amer-ica a better place. Today we celebrate the DACA Program, which has given Gissel and hundreds of thousands of other DREAMers the chance to finally come out of the shadows, but we also recognize DACA as a temporary solu-tion. Ultimately, Congress—and especially the Senate—must step up and show leadership here; make certain that we address the failings and weaknesses of our broken immigration system; say to the 780,000 protected by DACA that you stepped forward, paid your fee, sub-mitted yourself to a background check, and have been given a temporary op-portunity to be part of America. Now it is our job to translate that into a per-manent opportunity for these young people to make America a better place. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
THANKING SENATOR DURBIN  
Mr. SCHUMER. First, I thank my friend and colleague for his out-standing words on DACA. No one has fought more for the DACA kids than he has, not just in the last year but over the last decade. The fact that so many of them are here is, in good part, due to his great work and effort. Thank you. 
THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS FOR THE VICTIMS OF  
THE CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE  
SHOOTING  
Mr. President, we are still all a bit shaken by the horrors of yesterday’s shooting. It was a senseless act of vio-lence, made even more chilling by the circumstances at a baseball practice for a bipartisan charity event. I under-stand that Representative S
CALISE is still in critical condition following sur-gery last night. When we hear the word ‘‘critical’’ attached to his condition, it sends shivers down our spines. We hope and pray for a quick and full recovery. I know that all of his House colleagues are wishing him well right now, and I want him to know his friends in the Senate do as well. The same goes for the other four who were injured in the attack, including two members of our Capitol Police Force. Our thoughts and prayers go with them as well. We remain grateful for their service and bravery and for the service and bravery of all of our Capitol police officers. Their presence at the field yesterday—the presence of those two Capitol police officers at the field yesterday prevented a bad situa-tion from getting worse and undoubt-edly saved lives. Had the two brave po-lice officers not acted or if they had not been there, it might well have been a massacre. We would all be wise to reflect on the importance of civility in our Nation’s politics this morning. We disagree ve-hemently at times in Congress and folks out in the country do, too, but the level of nastiness, vitriol, and hate that has seeped into our politics must be excised. Let us all strive at all times—whatever our disagreements—to respect those who disagree with us, to seek a greater understanding of them, to walk in their moccasins—as Native Americans have always said. Let us strive always to conduct our politics with civility. I was heartened to hear that the con-gressional baseball game will still be played this evening. Let it be a symbol that hate and violence do not cast too long or too great a shadow, that we can and will come together this evening, and the game will go on. I will be going to the game with the three congres-sional leaders as a show of solidarity. Mr. President, last evening, the Sen-ate showed it can come together. Last night, we voted, in an overwhelmingly bipartisan fashion, to strengthen a package of sanctions against Russia. It was the product of diligent weeks of bi-partisan negotiations. I saw the Sen-ator from Maryland behind me a few minutes ago. He deserves lots of credit, as do the Senators from Ohio, Ten-nessee, and Idaho. The final result is a very good one for our country because yesterday the U.S. Senate said to Mr. Putin, in no uncertain terms, that when he violates international norms and interferes with our election, he will not escape reproach. Not only did we pass a new round of tough sanctions for Russia’s meddling in our election, we codified existing sanctions into law, making them hard-er to lift, and we moved to make the Congress—not the President—the final arbiter of sanctions relief when nec-essary. Any ideas of the President that he can lift sanctions on his own, for any reason, are dashed by this legisla-tion. The House of Representatives should take notice that 97 Senators voted in favor of this package. I hope Leader R
YANwill move with the same haste to pass this package of sanctions through the House. I hope the President will sign it. The months-long effort to forge bipartisan consensus on Russia sanc-tions—an issue that gets to the vital interests of our country, the wellspring of our democracy—gives me hope that Democrats and Republicans can come together and work together on a num-ber of big issues this year. There are several issues coming be-fore this body soon where we can come together: another budget—passing an-other budget; reauthorizing flood in-surance and children’s health insur-ance; raising the debt ceiling. Each of those issues will, by definition, demand bipartisan effort. A lesson that all of us have learned here in the Senate is that legislation is made better and much more likely to pass when both parties are involved in crafting it. I have noticed the media has been questioning all morning why Congress isn’t more bipartisan. We should be. But when the Russia sanctions agree-ment passes and the budget deal passes, both major bipartisan efforts, they are proof that we can get things done together. If those agreements were given a little more recognition by the media—the fact that we can at times, at least, work in a bipartisan way—that would help. For too many of us on both sides of the aisle, it seems as though when there is divisiveness, it gets far more attention in the media than when there is comity between the parties. HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, finally, I would sug-gest to my colleagues that the most immediate place where we can trans-late the rhetoric calling for us to come together into reality is on healthcare. A goal many of us share on both sides of the aisle is to improve the law, bring costs down for consumers, stabilize the marketplace, and make it easier for older Americans to afford the ever-ris-ing out-of-pocket costs of prescription drugs. I would conclude by stating that we can make the rhetoric of bipartisan-ship not empty by both parties coming together and working together on healthcare. We have shown thus far in this Congress with the passage of the budget and Russia sanctions that sig-nificant legislation can best be served by bipartisanship. Opening up the proc-ess and having us all come together on healthcare would be a very good, con-crete reaffirmation of bipartisanship and would translate the rhetoric—not bad at all—that we have heard here today into reality. In conclusion, the rhetoric about bi-partisanship can be strengthened. Hopefully healthcare is a place where we can strengthen it, by opening up the process, having hearings, and having open discussion. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time during the quorum calls on S. 722 be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 250, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I am very pleased that the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.003 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3508 June 15, 2017 
Alabama is presiding over this very im-portant debate because one of the most important issues to both of our States, Colorado and Alabama, is the economy and the economic well-being of our great country. The amendment that I will be discussing today goes to the very heart of our opportunities in space, our opportunities in innovation, our opportunities to ensure that we have the most reliable information as it relates to weather and to weather events. It is a great partnership that we have had with the Senator from Alabama, who has been absolutely critical and instrumental in ensuring a persistent, reliable space presence. I thank the Senator from Alabama, Mr. S
TRANGE , for his incredible leadership when it comes to making sure that we are able to reach space, that we are able to con-tinue our space mission. Whether it is in the defense of this country or in un-derstanding where the next tornado may strike, I thank the Senator from Alabama for the leadership that has been provided to ensure that constant presence and persistence. Of course, I rise to speak in support of the bipartisan Gardner-Nelson-War-ner et al. amendment, amendment No. 250. Yet, truly, to the Senate—to my colleagues here—I rise in support of America’s role and leadership in space. I rise on behalf of the hardworking men and women across this Nation who make our country’s aerospace industry second to none, because, over the past 70 years, the United States has led the way in space exploration. From the Apollo missions to the space shuttle to the Orion program, we are the leaders in exploring the great frontier of space. That is who this country is. That is who we are—explorers, pioneers. We were the first to the Moon, and I hope we are the first to Mars, but we cannot give up that pioneering innovation that has led this country to greatness. I will share with colleagues of the Senate a CNBC story from March that China is building a manned spacecraft that is capable of sending astronauts to the Moon as well as to near-Earth orbit flight. Can you imagine the day when the stars and stripes on the lunar surface stands not alone but stands next to the stars of a flag of another nation—per-haps China’s, perhaps somebody else’s? When it comes to our access to space, this debate is absolutely critical be-cause without the passage of amend-ment No. 250, we lose a tremendous portion of our access to space. We lose it for commercial applications, and we lose it for civil applications. In the past few months, this China activity has shown the importance of U.S. leadership. That is why this bipar-tisan amendment comes with a very simple point. It ensures that NASA and our commercial space industry will continue to be the country’s leader in aerospace. The ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator M
ARK WARNER , of Virginia, is coleading my amendment. The Senator has done a phenomenal job in leadership on the In-telligence Committee in leading this amendment. I see that my colleague from Florida, Senator N
ELSON , has joined this de-bate. He has done a phenomenal job in leading this effort. As the ranking member of the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Com-mittee, with jurisdiction over NASA, Senator B
ILLNELSON is the leading co-sponsor of this effort. They understand how important it is to address this issue for NASA and other space missions. I stand here in support of the greater goals of the underlying bill that we will be amending today. I believe sanc-tions against our adversaries are war-ranted and justified and, indeed, should move forward. This amendment is not designed to undermine the intent of the bill, but it seeks to ensure that space exploration may continue as it is currently planned. Without this bipartisan amendment, multiple missions on the books today— that are already planned today—will be delayed or even canceled and will be subjecting the U.S. taxpayers to sig-nificant cost increases. Without this amendment, missions like the commer-cial resupply program, which delivers critical supplies to the International Space Station, will be jeopardized by the language of the bill as it is written. American astronauts at the Inter-national Space Station, as we speak, are dependent on those supplies, but we are cutting off the American lifeline without the adoption of this amend-ment. Future missions, like the com-mercial crew program—a partnership between NASA and private industry to bring astronauts to the International Space Station on a U.S.-manufactured spacecraft—will be put at risk without the adoption of this amendment. Without this bipartisan amendment, we will continue to rely on Russian spacecraft to take U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station. Let me just make that more clear. Without the adoption of this amendment, NASA and our astronauts will be dependent on Russia for access to space for even longer. Rejection of this bipartisan amendment results in further Russian dependence. I do not believe this was the intent of the language when the bill was first written. The Gardner-Nelson-Warner- Shelby et al. amendment creates the certainty that NASA needs and sup-ports to ensure currently planned NASA and commercial launch missions can continue without interruption. NASA contacted my office yesterday and said of amendment No. 250: ‘‘We be-lieve this provides us the flexibility to maintain our commitments to our na-tional space program.’’ It is not just the commercial crew and cargo missions that are going to be impacted. Several other missions will be subjected to delays—missions like the Joint Polar Satellite System. This constellation of satellites will give us the ability to constantly monitor the globe for significant weather events, such as floods, tornadoes, and hurri-canes. As I stand here today, the three Senators on the floor who are listening to this important debate—with more on C–SPAN—have been impacted dra-matically by floods, tornadoes, and hurricanes. In 2013, we had dramatic flooding in Colorado that damaged thousands and thousands of homes and cost lives. I know the Presiding Officer has faced the same challenge when it has come to tornadoes and incredibly tragic weather events. The Senator from Florida has faced hurricanes, floods, and tornadoes. That is the importance of this amendment—to understand our weather systems and predictions. I am proud to say that JPSS is being developed in my home State of Colo-rado. The JPSS and other essential programs in which we have already in-vested hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars already, are now put at risk of significant delays or cost increases to the taxpayer without the adoption of this amendment. I am also on the floor to talk about a longer term mission that I truly be-lieve in and hope to see our Nation achieve, one that goes to the very heart of our pioneering spirit of who we are as a people. It is our future manned mission to Mars. As I have spoken on the floor before, as I child I wanted to be an astronaut. I was inspired as I watched NASA as-tronauts explore that next frontier. I believe that the next destination for human beings to explore is, indeed, Mars, but without this bipartisan amendment, the Mars 2020 rover, which will continue to prepare us for that fu-ture manned mission, will be put in doubt. It will be a significant setback and will make the future goal of get-ting to Mars seem that much further away. This amendment, amendment No. 250, allows these missions to move for-ward with certainty and as scheduled. It is a bipartisan effort to affirm Amer-ica’s leadership in space. Let’s be clear. Last summer we had a debate on this very same issue—that by 2022 we were going to have an ‘‘America first’’ opportunity. That is the spirit of this amendment—to make sure that we have access to these vital and critical space missions, access to space, and to continue to grow eco-nomic opportunities for the American people. That is what this debate is all about. I yield the floor to my colleague Sen-ator N
ELSON and then, of course, will continue with debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank Senator G
ARDNER . Indeed, this is an example of the Sen-ate working together. There is, simply, a problem in the bill that was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3509 June 15, 2017 
It is a technical problem, but it goes to the heart of our military-civilian space program. It goes to the heart of the co-operation that we have had with Russia that goes back to the Soviet Union days when, in fact, in 1975, in the mid-dle of the Cold War, a crew from Amer-ica rendezvoused and docked with the crew from the Soviet Union. Ever since that crew, which was led by Lt. Gen. Tom Stafford, of the United States, and General Alexey Leonov, of the So-viet Union, we have had cooperation in space, and that program continues today on the International Space Sta-tion. Before I get into talking about the details of the amendment, as Senator G
ARDNER has discussed so well already, I hope that the Senate will treat it as technical in nature because it corrects what was not intended. Unless cor-rected, it will be disastrous not only for NASA but for all of the burgeoning commercial space industry, which we are bringing back to America. What has happened over the last four dec-ades, in the meantime, is that a lot of that commercial space industry has flown the coop to other launchers from other nations. But it is coming back to America. 
PRAYERS FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE  
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. President, before I get into the substance, I just want to speak with re-gard to the terrible tragedy that oc-curred yesterday and of my feelings about this violence that has occurred. I don’t know whether it has occurred be-cause of the excessive rhetoric and the sharpness and the fact that politics has become a blood sport, but we are so di-vided. This is what I want to say. We are Americans first, regardless of party. In times of threat, we come together. We are all on the same team. This Senator has prayed, as I know others have, for the complete recovery of all of those who were wounded yes-terday, two of whom were apparently grievously wounded. We pray for their full recovery. It was a heinous attack. Let’s come together in bipartisanship. 
AMENDMENT NO . 250, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. President, right here is an exam-ple of coming together. Recognizing there is a technical problem, we are coming together to fix that problem. Let’s do this in the spirit of what Americans do. We are Americans first. I am obviously here, as I dem-onstrated in my vote yesterday, for the Iran sanctions bill, as well as the Rus-sia sanctions amendment, which we adopted yesterday. Both were bipar-tisan efforts. I wish to thank our col-leagues, especially the members of the Banking and Foreign Relations Com-mittees. This Senator is a cosponsor of the sanctions bill which addresses Iran’s support for terrorism, ballistic missile activity, and human rights violations— these destabilizing activities—and this bill strengthens the hand of the United States in countering Iran. These are destabilizing activities separate and apart from the Iran nuclear agreement, and to date, the United States has the evidence that they have complied with the Iran nuclear agreement. At the same time, we are facing an aggressive Vladimir Putin. The Russia bill which we debated yesterday and which will come to final passage short-ly strengthens our hand against Putin’s Russia. The U.S. intelligence community has already made clear that Putin attempted to interfere in our election. Let me tell my col-leagues, that didn’t stop with the past election. It is continuing. And we bet-ter be ready for it next year in the 2018 elections because Putin and the GRU have done all the groundwork. But that is nothing new because he had done it in elections before in Europe, and he has been doing it in elections right now, as we saw in France. It boomeranged on him, thank goodness. We will see an attempt on the upcom-ing German elections. The intelligence community has made it very clear—the ranking mem-ber of the Intelligence Committee is here—that Putin and the GRU are like-ly to do this again. That is why I say beware. They have laid the groundwork for next year’s elections to try to interfere. Putin’s influence campaign struck at the very core of our democ-racy and simply must not be permitted to do it again. Now is not the time to cozy up to Russia; rather, the United States must redouble our cyber defenses and our cyber offenses to deter him, to make him feel enough pain so that he won’t do it again. The sanctions we will adopt today are tough. We need this, but we need more. Shortly, we are going to vote on the amendment Senator GARDNER has ex-plained. Interestingly, in all of this angst and conflict with Russia, we get along with Russia in the civilian and commercial space program. We have had peaceful cooperation in outer space ever since what I told my colleagues about; that is, since 1975, in the middle of the Cold War, the rendezvous and docking and living together in space for 9 days, a Soviet crew and an Amer-ican crew. That has been the central theme of our space program since that time. The shining example of that now is the cooperation in the International Space Station, the football field-sized— it is 120 yards long; think one goalpost to another. People don’t have any idea of how big it is on orbit. It circles the Earth every 90 minutes. We have been working in space to-gether with many nations but espe-cially our partner the Russians for over 16 years. So the peaceful cooperation in space has been good for business. It has been good for jobs in America. And we are working to grow our share of an over $300 billion global space economy. That is what this amendment is about. It is about fixing the question on the purchase of those RD–180 en-gines, the Russian engine that is used in the Atlas V, that is used not only for defense launches but for commercial launches and will be one of the two rockets launching American astro-nauts within a year and a half to and from the International Space Station. So this amendment is for the benefit of our economy, as well as the better-ment of our civilization. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, first of all, I wish to thank my friend, the Sen-ator from Florida, for his comments. There is no one in this body who is more familiar with and more knowl-edgeable about our space programs than is Senator NELSON . I also want to associate myself with two comments he made. No. 1, as the vice chairman of the Intelligence Com-mittee, I echo what he said about the very real, tangible threat the Russians, their spy agencies, and their agents pose to not just our democratic process but—as the Senator from Florida has outlined, not only did they attack us in 2016, they attacked the Dutch, which is why they had to hand-count their bal-lots, and they attacked the French, and Facebook took down 30,000 Facebook accounts because of fear of Russian manipulation. They will at-tack the Germans. One of the things that is so con-cerning to me is that if you add up the amount of disruption the Russians have caused in Western societies at large without firing a shot or shooting a missile—and all that for less than 5 percent of the cost of an aircraft car-rier—it is a pretty good return. Our country needs to be strong against Russia, and I support the Rus-sia sanctions, but I also support, as the Senator has indicated, a really critical part—that we continue our space pro-gram. I stand here to join with Senator N
ELSON and my good friend, the Sen-ator from Colorado, Mr. G
ARDNER , in support of this amendment No. 250, which will allow civilian agencies to continue to launch crucial science, civil, and commercial space missions and which will continue to support NOAA and NASA, which depend upon their research. Without this amendment—and I think this is an amendment that cor-rects a mistake in the original bill— billions of dollars and years of planning that have gone into missions like, as the Senator mentioned, the Inter-national Space Station, commercial cargo, Mars 2020, and the Joint Polar Satellite System, just wouldn’t be pos-sible. In many ways, without this amendment, we could even become more dependent upon Russian tech-nology. Again, as the Senator mentioned, I think the overwhelming majority of this body is very supportive of sanc-tions against Iran. We are very sup-portive, and I appreciate the oppor-tunity to add stronger sanctions against Russia and sanctions that this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.007 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3510 June 15, 2017 
President cannot arbitrarily withdraw. But we have to make sure that in this bill we don’t do unintentional harm to our space interests—space interests that I know are in Colorado and Flor-ida and my home State of Virginia, where we have a flight facility at NASA Wallops, which is over on our Eastern Shore, where we launch both NASA and commercial satellites. We have one of America’s leading commercial and military companies, Orbital ATK, which is headquartered in Virginia and launches the Antares rocket from Wallops. The fact is, with-out this amendment, Orbital ATK would be prevented from buying the Russian RD–181 engines for its Antares rockets. That will do nothing to help America’s space mission. The fact is, without those engines, Orbital would not be able to fulfill a $1.2 billion con-tract for launching from Wallops. Quite simply, as the Senator indi-cated and I am repeating, this amend-ment is broadly bipartisan. My friend Senator G
ARDNER and I chair the Cyber Caucus. The amendment is supported by our leading expert in the Senate on space, Senator N
ELSON , as well as Sen-ator S
HELBY and Senator B ENNET and a host of others. I imagine the Presiding Officer is also a supporter of this. The amendment would simply provide civil and commercial space parity with the defense industry, for which an exemp-tion has already been provided. It is in the interests of defense and civil space to continue the current status quo in order to maintain a competitive envi-ronment until a domestic capability has been developed. Let me be clear. I think it is impor-tant that over a very short time, we get away from purchasing Russian rockets, but we need that transition period, and the transition period the chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee laid out on the defense side ought to be extended as well on the commercial side. So a ‘‘yes’’ vote on amendment No. 250 will support continued access to space for NASA, as well as for those equally important commercial space missions. One of the things that I feel is so important about the commercial space missions is that we have to have that competition, candidly, with NASA and to push our defense industry if we are going to bring down space costs. To put a dagger in the heart of our com-mercial space industry as it has been slowly evolving would be a grave mis-take. I have taken on this issue on the in-telligence side as I have tried to get smarter on the whole question of our overhead capabilities. The amount of dollars that we spend and the lack of competitiveness that we have in terms of some of our more traditional govern-ment-purchased space assets are both a waste of taxpayer dollars, and, can-didly, we have an architecture over-head that is not modern enough to rec-ognize the threats that Russians, Chi-nese, and others pose in terms of the ability to jam our satellites and use laser beams and other things. In a sense, in many ways, it is almost as if our defense and the intelligence com-munity, on overhead architecture—no-body ever saw a James Bond movie. We built these large, bulky platforms in the sky with the assumption that America would always dominate space. That dominance—it is unfortunate be-cause our adversary changes, it is com-ing to an end, and we need the competi-tion from the commercial industry, quite honestly, to push the IC and push the defense toward smaller, more resil-ient, and more flexible platforms. While I share the desire of the chair-man of the Arms Services Committee to get us off this Russian hardware, we do need this transition. I think the amendment that has been put forward by the Senator from Colorado provides that transition, led by the transition that was laid out on defense. I believe commercial space needs that same type of transition. I hope the amendment will pass. I look forward to our continued bipar-tisan support of both NASA and com-mercial space and obviously our de-fense assets and IC assets as well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, the Rus-sian sanctions amendment passed by this body 97 to 2 last year—I take it the Senator from Florida and the Senator from Virginia were here at the time; it was one person who was not—was nego-tiated between Senators of both parties on multiple committees, including For-eign Relations, Banking, and Armed Services. It was specifically designed to impose tough sanctions on Russian defense and intelligence sectors, to im-pose tough sanctions on the Russian military industrial complex and intel-ligence agencies that have made it pos-sible for Russia to invade Ukraine, annex Crimea, terrorize Syria, threat-en our NATO allies, and attack Amer-ica’s election in 2016. Have no doubt about what this amendment is, my dear colleagues and friends. It is a give-away to the Russian military indus-trial complex. There has always been a collection of lawmakers, executives, and lobbyists who have accepted continuing, even deepening, our Nation’s dependence on Russian rocket engines. That is exactly what will happen if we allow this amendment to pass, and the door will once again fly open for taxpayer dol-lars to be used to subsidize purchases of Russian rocket engines—purchases which line the pockets of Vladimir Putin’s cronies. My friends, if you want to vote to buy more Russian rocket engines, just say it. That is fine. That is fine with me, but to cloak it in some kind of bi-partisan agreement that somehow we are going to have to continue to buy these Russian rocket engines, after we had an agreement last year 97 to 2—97 to 2—what does this do? This undoes last year’s 97-to-2 agreement. We don’t need this amendment to meet Amer-ica’s needs in space. As a result of last year’s bipartisan agreement and the NDAA, the Depart-ment of Defense is on a path to gradu-ally eliminate dependence on Russia as quickly as possible while fostering competition among American compa-nies. NASA needs to do the same. NASA needs to do the same. NASA needs to do the same. Sanctions, by definition, require tradeoffs. Sanctions are not free. Coun-tries that impose sanctions must be willing to pay a cost, too, if and when a greater principle, a great national se-curity interest, is at stake. Let me conclude because I note the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and the ranking member here. There are costs and tradeoffs the United States has been asking our Eu-ropean allies to make in the last few years. We have leaned on France to cancel a sale of naval vessels to Russia. We have been warning Central and Eastern European allies against deep-ening their dependence on Russian en-ergy with various energy deals and in-frastructure projects. We should not be asking our allies to make these sac-rifices unless we are prepared to do the same. We will probably pass this amend-ment. If there is ever a doubt in any of our constituents’ minds about the in-fluence of special interests, it will be with passage of this amendment— which, by the way, with all due respect to my friends and colleagues, was the one thing they didn’t want. The one thing they didn’t want was an on-the- record vote on this amendment, which is why I am confident it will lose, but I want every Member of the U.S. Sen-ate to look in the eyes of the mother whose son was just killed by a Russian sniper, as I did, down in Mariupol not too long ago. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amend-ment. I know how it is going to come out, but Members of the U.S. Senate will at least be on record. I say this is not the most courageous chapter in the history of this institution. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am not involving myself in this debate. I just want to say to Senator M
CCAIN: You demonstrated yesterday the best of the U.S. Senate when an issue like this arose, and instead of blocking a vote, you said you were glad to have a vote. You are obviously in strong dis-agreement with the substance of this amendment. I just want to tell you how much I personally appreciate your allowing a vote on this, the role you played in all things Russia and Iran, your forceful nature on these issues, your great lead-ership, and the role you have played in getting us today to a vote that isn’t re-quiring cloture, where you have al-lowed this amendment to take place. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.009 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3511 June 15, 2017 
cannot tell you how much I appreciate that and appreciate the role you play in this body. Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank the Senator from Tennessee and my friend from Maryland. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Arizona as well for allowing this vote to move for-ward, but in his statements, he said NASA needs to do the same. He re-peated it several times. I would just say that this amendment could actually be titled ‘‘NASA Needs to Do the Same’’ because what we had agreed to last year, when it comes to defense, is a way forward on the Atlas V rocket, the RD–180. We agreed to that. I believe it was a unanimous con-sent agreement. If there was an objec-tion at that time, then it should have been expressed when we made this agreement. Our colleagues across the aisle, for a unanimous consent, it takes all of us 100 people to agree to a unanimous con-sent agreement. That agreement was made on the National Defense Author-ization Act. NASA needs to do the same. Our colleague, the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee, M
ARK W
ARNER , made the point of parity be-tween civil, commercial, and defense. That is what this amendment does. There are a lot of issues that we come to the floor and we talk about this issue not being rocket science: It is not that difficult. It is not rocket science. Well, we actually have an issue that is rocket science. The mis-sion set before American astronauts is jeopardized if this amendment doesn’t pass. The taxpayers of this country face billions of dollars in costs if this amendment doesn’t pass. Reliance on Russian technology to get to the space station or resupplying American astro-nauts will increase if this amendment doesn’t pass. If we want to talk about protecting the people of this country, let’s talk about the victims of floods in Colorado, let’s talk about people who have died in tornadoes because we didn’t have the most accurate ability to forecast where they were coming from, when they were going to strike, and who would be hit. This amendment will allow these weather satellites to go into space to protect the men and women of this country from natural disasters. Again, it brings parity to an agreement that was decided upon through unanimous consent last year. I support the underlying legislation, and I support this amendment and urge my colleagues to support it as well. I thank the chairman of the Foreign Re-lations Committee and the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee for their leadership on this committee. I yield the floor. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I applaud the bipartisan work that my Senate colleagues have put into legislation to impose sanctions on Russia. Russia’s interference in the 2016 election rep-resents an assault on our democracy that, until this point, has gone largely unanswered by the Administration and Congress. Russia has also conducted cyber attacks on allies and illegally in-vaded and violated the sovereignty of Ukraine and Georgia. I know that my colleagues take this issue very seri-ously, and I support the bipartisan compromise, which will maintain ex-isting sanctions on Russia for its cyber and military intrusions in Ukraine and require additional mandatory sanc-tions on Russia’s energy sector, those providing arms to Syrian troops, cor-rupt Russian oligarchs and their net-works, and human rights abusers. We cannot allow Russia’s hostile actions toward Western democracies to go un-checked. This legislation sends an im-portant message to Russia and the world that the United States stands strongly against Russia’s anti-demo-cratic actions. At the same time, the original version of the legislation would have had unintended consequences for our nation’s civil and commercial space sectors. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA, and com-mercial space missions are critical to space exploration, weather data, and sending U.S. astronauts to the Inter-national Space Station, as well as sup-plying them with cargo and instru-ments for scientific research. Under the original legislation, these missions would have been threatened or pre-vented from moving forward. In re-sponse, Senator G
ARDNER introduced an amendment that would exempt NASA and commercial space-related launch activities from the sanctions bill. I was proud to cosponsor this amendment. In addition to our defense assets, Vir-ginia is at the epicenter of the Nation’s civil space program and commercial space industry. For more than 70 years, NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility has served as a key national asset to the U.S. space program, an economic driver for the Eastern Shore, and an invalu-able benefit to the Commonwealth. The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport at Wallops Island serves as a leader in commercial space, partnering with Vir-ginia-headquartered Orbital ATK to launch critical cargo to the Inter-national Space Station. Finally, re-search projects at NASA Langley Re-search Center and Virginia’s superb academic institutions are developing tomorrow’s innovative technologies and scientific discoveries. As Governor and now Senator, I have remained a strong supporter of Virginia’s booming industry, research, and launch services. Without Senator G
ARDNER ’s amend-ment, some of these activities in Vir-ginia would cease to exist. To be clear, I stand in agreement with my Senate colleagues on the issue of Russian sanctions. I also believe that our space program must transi-tion to American-made rocket engines and parts, and I know that U.S. compa-nies are working hard in conjunction with NASA toward that goal. But we need time for that transition to occur, and this important amendment would make it possible without hurting our current capabilities. In addition, while the Department of Defense has been af-forded the opportunity to develop new technologies while maintaining the status quo, it is only fair that we pro-vide the same chance to civil and com-mercial space entities. For these reasons, I was proud to co-sponsor Senator GARDNER ’s bipartisan amendment to S. 722. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the fu-ture to enhance and expand our Na-tion’s space program. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, it is my understanding that Senator C
ARDIN  and I will speak for a few moments, and then we will have three votes, one of which will be on the RD–180 issue, one of which will be on the NATO issue, and then final passage; is that correct? Am I correct in that? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 6 minutes remaining before the first vote on the Gardner amendment. Mr. CORKER. Then there will be a series of votes, with no comments made in advance of those votes; is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I will be very brief, and we will split our time. I want to say that, to me, today the U.S. Senate is functioning in the way our Founders intended for it to func-tion. It has been my goal, since the begin-ning of my leadership on the Foreign Relations Committee, for our com-mittee and for this Senate to reaffirm its role in foreign policy issues. Today, the U.S. Senate, in a time of uncer-tainty around our Nation and uncer-tainty about some of our foreign policy issues, is asserting its responsibilities as it relates to foreign policy for the United States of America. I thank Sen-ators on both sides of the aisle for the role they have played in getting us here. This is a very strong piece of legisla-tion that in many ways has almost oc-curred under the radar screen because of the way it has been done. The fact that we have had no cloture vote, the fact that we are having amendments, as has been discussed before, and the fact that this legislation sends a very strong signal to Russia that the nefar-ious activities they have been involved in—it does the same with Iran, with the activities outside of the JCPOA that they have been involved in, af-firming our commitment to NATO, which we will do to article 5, NATO, in just a few moments. I thank this body. I thank Leaders M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER for allowing the environment to exist for us to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.011 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3512 June 15, 2017 
in the manner we have. I thank our ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN , and those members—Senator C
RAPO and B
ROWN and others—who have played such a significant role. Senator M
CCAIN is on the floor, Senator G
RAHAM , Sen-ator R
UBIO, Senator M ENENDEZ , Sen-ator S
HAHEEN —so many members who have gotten us to this place. This is a great moment for the U.S. Senate. This is the way the Senate is supposed to function, and this is the way the Senate is supposed to exercise its prerogatives as it relates to foreign policy, a great moment for our body. Senator C
ARDIN . Mr. CARDIN. Well, first, to Senator C
ORKER . There is a reason Members want to serve on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. We had a long list of Members who wanted to join our committee in this Congress. Quite frankly, I think the reason they want to join is not only the challenges we have globally but the fact that this is a committee that works bipartisanly and respects the views of every single Member, both Democratic and Repub-lican, on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The bill we have before us reflects that—in the best tradition of the U.S. Senate and the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee. That is due, in large part, because of the talent, leadership, and commitment of our chairman. I thank Senator C
ORKER for allowing us to reach this very important moment in the U.S. Senate, to be able to vote on a bill that is consequential for America’s national security. I believe this is the first major bill we have had on the floor of the U.S. Senate, the first bill we have had amendments to, and I concur in the Senator’s observations that our leaders allowed us to let the process work in the best traditions of the U.S. Senate. It is difficult for many of us to ex-plain how the Senate operates at times. It really is difficult, but it is a body which respects the rights of each Member, and they have certain abili-ties to slow things down or bring us to a stop, and the process doesn’t work the way it is supposed to work, but this bill has been handled very quickly on a major subject because we respected the rights of every single Member of the U.S. Senate. It doesn’t mean we reach total agreement. We didn’t, but we have a bill that accomplishes three very important things: First, it stands up to the aggression of Russia and Iran. Yes, we have been talking about this—and I am glad Sen-ator M
CCAINis on the floor. Senator M
CCAINhas been one of the most ar-dent crusaders to point out the risk factors of Russia to our national secu-rity and that of our allies. I started with Senator M
CCAIN in January. We sat down, and he informed me why we had to do certain things and make it very clear and not have any ambiguity because Russia would run right through that ambiguity. Thanks to that initial leadership, we have those provisions in the underlying bill. There will be no ambiguity as to what Congress is saying in regard to Russia’s behavior. I also acknowledge we have a review process in here. Senator GRAHAM  brought that to our attention very early in the process in January so Con-gress can insert itself. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent for 2 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. That review process will give Congress the right role to re-view executive actions so we are stronger, working together. It also gives the President a stronger hand in negotiating with Mr. Putin and Russia because Congress has said: You must accomplish certain objectives, such as getting Russia’s aggression to end in Ukraine or get Russia to stop sup-porting war crimes in Syria, to stop interfering with our democratic elec-tion systems. That is what we say, and we are very clear about that. Then we take the third step, which I think is very important; that is, pro-vide the wherewithal of U.S. leader-ship, working with our European allies, to protect our democratic institutions. All of that is included in the bill that we are going to have a chance to vote on in a few minutes, and I want to thank all who were involved. I am going to include staff who worked so hard on this. They were here 24/7 putting this bill together—Damian Murphy, in my of-fice; Margaret Taylor; and Jessica Lewis, Dana Stroul, Lowell Schwartz, Sean Bartlett, Chris Barr, John Ryan, Leslie Bull, Danny Ricchetti, as well as Todd Womack, Rob Strayer, David Kinzler, and Ben Purser. They were extraordinary in helping us reach this day. Mr. CORKER. No question. I thank the Senator for those comments. Our staffs have been remarkable, and the years of experience and knowledge they bring to this no doubt allowed us to do something so substantial in an amount of time, yet do so in a method-ical way. With that, I ask unanimous consent that the votes following the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. All time has expired. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 250, AS MODIFIED  
The question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 250, as modified, of-fered by the Senator from Colorado, Mr. G
ARDNER . Mr. BARRASSO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 6, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 145 Leg.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Blumenthal Ernst Graham McCain Sasse Sullivan 
The amendment (No. 250), as modi-fied, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 240 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes, even-ly split between Senator C
ORKER and me, to speak on the NATO amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I would add that my fellow Ohioan, Senator P
ORTMAN , is a cosponsor of this. Spe-cial thanks go to Senator G
RAHAM — this is the Graham-Brown NATO amendment—also to Senators M
CCAIN, R
UBIO, C ASEY , and J ACK REED and S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE from Rhode Is-land. This is especially important to the Ukrainian community in my State. A number of them have been in town the last couple of days. They know how critical support for our allies is and how important it is that this amend-ment sends a clear message that the United States will uphold our half-cen-tury commitment to NATO, combined with a strong signal to Russia to clean up its act. That is the importance of this amendment. I ask support from my colleagues. I yield to Senator C
ORKER . Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank all those involved in the message that is being sent. I support the amend-ment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 240, offered by the Sen-ator from Tennessee, Mr. C
ORKER . Mr. CORKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.012 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3513 June 15, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. The result was announced—yeas 100, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 146 Leg.] YEAS—100 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
The amendment (No. 240) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Under the previous order, the committee-reported substitute, as amended, is agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 147 Leg.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—2 
Paul Sanders 
The bill (S. 722), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 722 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activi-ties Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Regional strategy for countering con-ventional and asymmetric Ira-nian threats in the Middle East and North Africa. Sec. 4. Imposition of additional sanctions in response to Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program. Sec. 5. Imposition of terrorism-related sanc-tions with respect to the IRGC. Sec. 6. Imposition of additional sanctions with respect to persons respon-sible for human rights abuses. Sec. 7. Enforcement of arms embargos. Sec. 8. Review of applicability of sanctions relating to Iran’s support for terrorism and its ballistic mis-sile program. Sec. 9. Report on coordination of sanctions between the United States and the European Union. Sec. 10. Report on United States citizens de-tained by Iran. Sec. 11. Exceptions for national security and humanitarian assistance; rule of construction. Sec. 12. Presidential waiver authority. TITLE II—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION AND COM-BATING TERRORISM AND ILLICIT FI-NANCING Sec. 201. Short title. Subtitle A—Sanctions and Other Measures With Respect to the Russian Federation Sec. 211. Findings. Sec. 212. Sense of Congress. PART I—C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF SANC-
TIONS IMPOSED WITHRESPECT TO THE RUS-
SIAN FEDERATION  Sec. 215. Short title. Sec. 216. Congressional review of certain ac-tions relating to sanctions im-posed with respect to the Rus-sian Federation. PART II—S
ANCTIONS WITHRESPECT TO THE  R
USSIAN FEDERATION  Sec. 221. Definitions. Sec. 222. Codification of sanctions relating to the Russian Federation. Sec. 223. Modification of implementation of Executive Order 13662. Sec. 224. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to activities of the Rus-sian Federation undermining cybersecurity. Sec. 225. Imposition of sanctions relating to special Russian crude oil projects. Sec. 226. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to Russian and other for-eign financial institutions. Sec. 227. Mandatory imposition of sanctions with respect to significant cor-ruption in the Russian Federa-tion. Sec. 228. Mandatory imposition of sanctions with respect to certain trans-actions with foreign sanctions evaders and serious human rights abusers in the Russian Federation. Sec. 229. Notifications to Congress under Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014. Sec. 230. Standards for termination of cer-tain sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation. Sec. 231. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to persons engaging in transactions with the intel-ligence or defense sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation. Sec. 232. Sanctions with respect to the de-velopment of pipelines in the Russian Federation. Sec. 233. Sanctions with respect to invest-ment in or facilitation of pri-vatization of state-owned assets by the Russian Federation. Sec. 234. Sanctions with respect to the transfer of arms and related materiel to Syria. Sec. 235. Sanctions described. Sec. 236. Exceptions, waiver, and termi-nation. Sec. 237. Exception relating to activities of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Sec. 238. Rule of construction. PART III—REPORTS  Sec. 241. Report on oligarchs and parastatal entities of the Russian Federa-tion. Sec. 242. Report on effects of expanding sanctions to include sovereign debt and derivative products. Sec. 243. Report on illicit finance relating to the Russian Federation. Subtitle B—Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Sec. 251. Findings. Sec. 252. Sense of Congress. Sec. 253. Statement of policy. Sec. 254. Coordinating aid and assistance across Europe and Eurasia. Sec. 255. Report on media organizations con-trolled and funded by the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federa-tion. Sec. 256. Report on Russian Federation in-fluence on elections in Europe and Eurasia. Sec. 257. Ukranian energy security. Sec. 258. Termination. Sec. 259. Appropriate congressional commit-tees defined. Subtitle C—Combating Terrorism and Illicit Financing PART I—N
ATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING  T
ERRORIST AND OTHER ILLICIT FINANCING  Sec. 261. Development of national strategy. Sec. 262. Contents of national strategy. PART II—E
NHANCING ANTITERRORISM TOOLS 
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  Sec. 271. Improving antiterror finance moni-toring of funds transfers. Sec. 272. Sense of Congress on international cooperation regarding terrorist financing intelligence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.014 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3514 June 15, 2017 
Sec. 273. Examining the counter-terror fi-nancing role of the Department of the Treasury in embassies. Sec. 274. Inclusion of Secretary of the Treas-ury on the National Security Council. Sec. 275. Inclusion of all funds. PART III—D
EFINITIONS  Sec. 281. Definitions. Subtitle D—Rule of Construction Sec. 291. Rule of construction. Sec. 292. Sense of Senate on the strategic importance of Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
CT OF INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘act of international terrorism’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (3) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (4) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of Iran; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of Iran. (5) IRGC.—The term ‘‘IRGC’’ means Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. (6) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (7) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SEC. 3. REGIONAL STRATEGY FOR COUNTERING CONVENTIONAL AND ASYMMETRIC IRANIAN THREATS IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy for deterring conven-tional and asymmetric Iranian activities and threats that directly threaten the United States and key allies in the Middle East, North Africa, and beyond. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include at a minimum the following: (1) A summary of the near- and long-term United States objectives, plans, and means for countering Iran’s destabilizing activities, including identification of countries that share the objective of countering Iran’s de-stabilizing activities. (2) A summary of the capabilities and con-tributions of individual countries to shared efforts to counter Iran’s destabilizing activi-ties, and a summary of additional actions or contributions that each country could take to further contribute. (3) An assessment of Iran’s conventional force capabilities and an assessment of Iran’s plans to upgrade its conventional force capa-bilities, including its acquisition, develop-ment, and deployment of ballistic and cruise missile capabilities, unmanned aerial vehi-cles, and maritime offensive and anti-access or area denial capabilities. (4) An assessment of Iran’s chemical and biological weapons capabilities and an as-sessment of Iranian plans to upgrade its chemical or biological weapons capabilities. (5) An assessment of Iran’s asymmetric ac-tivities in the region, including— (A) the size, capabilities, and activities of the IRGC, including the Quds Force; (B) the size, capabilities, and activities of Iran’s cyber operations; (C) the types and amount of support, in-cluding funding, lethal and nonlethal con-tributions, and training, provided to Hezbollah, Hamas, special groups in Iraq, the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria, Houthi fighters in Yemen, and other violent groups across the Middle East; and (D) the scope and objectives of Iran’s infor-mation operations and use of propaganda. (6) A summary of United States actions, unilaterally and in cooperation with foreign governments, to counter destabilizing Ira-nian activities, including— (A) interdiction of Iranian lethal arms bound for groups designated as foreign ter-rorist organizations under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (B) Iran’s interference in international commercial shipping lanes; (C) attempts by Iran to undermine or sub-vert internationally recognized governments in the Middle East region; and (D) Iran’s support for the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria, including— (i) financial assistance, military equip-ment and personnel, and other support pro-vided to that regime; and (ii) support and direction to other armed actors that are not Syrian or Iranian and are acting on behalf of that regime. (c) FORM OF STRATEGY .—The strategy re-quired by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a clas-sified annex. 
SEC. 4. IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS IN RESPONSE TO IRAN’S BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of State should continue to implement Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking prop-erty of weapons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters). (b) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any person that the President determines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) knowingly engages in any activity that materially contributes to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile program, or any other pro-gram in Iran for developing, deploying, or maintaining systems capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, including any efforts to manufacture, acquire, possess, de-velop, transport, transfer, or use such capa-bilities; (2) is a successor entity to a person re-ferred to in paragraph (1); (3) owns or controls or is owned or con-trolled by a person referred to in paragraph (1); (4) forms an entity with the purpose of evading sanctions that would otherwise be imposed pursuant to paragraph (3); (5) is acting for or on behalf of a person re-ferred to in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4); or (6) knowingly provides or attempts to pro-vide financial, material, technological, or other support for, or goods or services in sup-port of, a person referred to in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4) or (5). (c) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (b) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (b) that is an alien. (d) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (c)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that subsection shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (e) R
EPORT ON CONTRIBUTIONS TO IRAN’S B
ALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report describing each person that— (A) has, during the period specified in para-graph (2), conducted any activity that has materially contributed to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile program, or any other pro-gram in Iran for developing, deploying, or maintaining systems capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, including any efforts to manufacture, acquire, possess, de-velop, transport, transfer, or use such capa-bilities; (B) is a successor entity to a person re-ferred to in subparagraph (A); (C) owns or controls or is owned or con-trolled by a person referred to in subpara-graph (A); (D) forms an entity with the purpose of evading sanctions that could be imposed as a result of a relationship described in subpara-graph (C); (E) is acting for or on behalf of a person re-ferred to in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D); or (F) is known or believed to have provided, or attempted to provide, during the period specified in paragraph (2), financial, mate-rial, technological, or other support for, or goods or services in support of, any material contribution to a program described in sub-paragraph (A) carried out by a person de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E). (2) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this paragraph is— (A) in the case of the first report submitted under paragraph (1), the period beginning January 1, 2016, and ending on the date the report is submitted; and (B) in the case of a subsequent such report, the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3515 June 15, 2017 
SEC. 5. IMPOSITION OF TERRORISM-RELATED SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE IRGC. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The IRGC is subject to sanctions pursu-ant to Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weap-ons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters), the Com-prehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.), Executive Order 13553 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons with respect to serious human rights abuses by the Government of Iran), and Ex-ecutive Order 13606 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relat-ing to blocking the property and suspending entry into the United States of certain per-sons with respect to grave human rights abuses by the Governments of Iran and Syria via information technology). (2) The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps–Quds Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘IRGC–QF’’) is the primary arm of the Government of Iran for executing its policy of supporting terrorist and insurgent groups. The IRGC–QF provides material, logistical assistance, training, and financial support to militants and terrorist operatives through-out the Middle East and South Asia and was designated for the imposition of sanctions by the Secretary of Treasury pursuant to Exec-utive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relat-ing to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism) in October 2007 for its support of terrorism. (3) The IRGC, not just the IRGC–QF, is re-sponsible for implementing Iran’s inter-national program of destabilizing activities, support for acts of international terrorism, and ballistic missile program. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to the IRGC and foreign persons that are officials, agents, or affiliates of the IRGC. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are sanctions ap-plicable with respect to a foreign person pur-suant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). 
SEC. 6. IMPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO PERSONS RE-SPONSIBLE FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a list of each person the Secretary determines, based on credible evidence, on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act— (1) is responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights com-mitted against individuals in Iran who seek— (A) to expose illegal activity carried out by officials of the Government of Iran; or (B) to obtain, exercise, defend, or promote internationally recognized human rights and freedoms, such as the freedoms of religion, expression, association, and assembly, and the rights to a fair trial and democratic elec-tions; or (2) acts as an agent of or on behalf of a for-eign person in a matter relating to an activ-ity described in paragraph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, in ac-cordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block all transactions in all property and in-terests in property of a person on the list re-quired by subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) PENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of paragraph (1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out paragraph (1) shall be subject to the pen-alties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. 
SEC. 7. ENFORCEMENT OF ARMS EMBARGOS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (d), the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to any person that the Presi-dent determines— (1) knowingly engages in any activity that materially contributes to the supply, sale, or transfer directly or indirectly to or from Iran, or for the use in or benefit of Iran, of any battle tanks, armored combat vehicles, large caliber artillery systems, combat air-craft, attack helicopters, warships, missiles or missile systems, as defined for the purpose of the United Nations Register of Conven-tional Arms, or related materiel, including spare parts; or (2) knowingly provides to Iran any tech-nical training, financial resources or serv-ices, advice, other services or assistance re-lated to the supply, sale, transfer, manufac-ture, maintenance, or use of arms and re-lated materiel described in paragraph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (c) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out that subsection shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) E
XCEPTION .—The President is not re-quired to impose sanctions under subsection (a) with respect to a person for engaging in an activity described in that subsection if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) permitting the activity is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; (2) Iran no longer presents a significant threat to the national security of the United States and to the allies of the United States; and (3) the Government of Iran has ceased pro-viding operational or financial support for acts of international terrorism and no longer satisfies the requirements for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. (e) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘state spon-sor of terrorism’’ means a country the gov-ernment of which the Secretary of State has determined to be a government that has re-peatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism for purposes of— (1) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (2) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (3) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (4) any other provision of law. SEC. 8. REVIEW OF APPLICABILITY OF SANC-TIONS RELATING TO IRAN’S SUP-PORT FOR TERRORISM AND ITS BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall conduct a review of all persons on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury for activities re-lating to Iran— (1) to assess the conduct of such persons as that conduct relates to— (A) any activity that materially contrib-utes to the activities of the Government of Iran with respect to its ballistic missile pro-gram; or (B) support by the Government of Iran for acts of international terrorism; and (2) to determine the applicability of sanc-tions with respect to such persons under— (A) Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weap-ons of mass destruction delivery system proliferators and their supporters); or (B) Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF SANCTIONS .—If the President determines under subsection (a) that sanctions under an Executive Order specified in paragraph (2) of that subsection are applicable with respect to a person, the President shall— (1) impose sanctions with respect to that person pursuant to that Executive Order; or (2) exercise the waiver authority provided under section 12. 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON COORDINATION OF SANC-TIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE EUROPEAN UNION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that includes the following: (1) A description of each instance, during the period specified in subsection (b)— (A) in which the United States has imposed sanctions with respect to a person for activ-ity related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or delivery systems for such weapons to or by Iran, support for acts of international terrorism by Iran, or human rights abuses in Iran, but in which the Euro-pean Union has not imposed corresponding sanctions; and (B) in which the European Union has im-posed sanctions with respect to a person for activity related to the proliferation of weap-ons of mass destruction or delivery systems for such weapons to or by Iran, support for acts of international terrorism by Iran, or human rights abuses in Iran, but in which the United States has not imposed cor-responding sanctions. (2) An explanation for the reason for each discrepancy between sanctions imposed by the European Union and sanctions imposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3516 June 15, 2017 
by the United States described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). (b) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this subsection is— (1) in the case of the first report submitted under subsection (a), the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date the report is submitted; and (2) in the case of a subsequent such report, the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 10. REPORT ON UNITED STATES CITIZENS DETAINED BY IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on United States citizens, including United States citizens who are also citizens of other countries, de-tained by Iran or groups supported by Iran that includes— (1) information regarding any officials of the Government of Iran involved in any way in the detentions; and (2) a summary of efforts the United States Government has taken to secure the swift re-lease of those United States citizens. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 11. EXCEPTIONS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE; RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following activities shall be exempt from sanctions under sec-tions 4, 5, 6, and 7: (1) Any activity subject to the reporting requirements under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. (2) The admission of an alien to the United States if such admission is necessary to com-ply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, or under the Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or other applicable inter-national obligations of the United States. (3) The conduct or facilitation of a trans-action for the sale of agricultural commod-ities, food, medicine, or medical devices to Iran or for the provision of humanitarian as-sistance to the people of Iran, including en-gaging in a financial transaction relating to humanitarian assistance or for humanitarian purposes or transporting goods or services that are necessary to carry out operations relating to humanitarian assistance or hu-manitarian purposes. (b) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  G
OODS .—A requirement or the authority to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property under sec-tion 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 shall not include the au-thority to impose sanctions with respect to the importation of goods. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the President may exercise all authorities provided under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this Act. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act (other than subsection (b)) shall be construed to limit the authority of the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘‘agricultural commodity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). (2) G
OOD.—The term ‘‘good’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (3) M
EDICAL DEVICE .—The term ‘‘medical device’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘de-vice’’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). (4) M
EDICINE .—The term ‘‘medicine’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘drug’’ in sec-tion 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
SEC. 12. PRESIDENTIAL WAIVER AUTHORITY. 
(a) C ASE-BY-CASEWAIVER AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive, on a case-by-case basis and for a period of not more than 180 days, a requirement under section 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 to impose or maintain sanctions with respect to a person, and may waive the continued imposition of such sanc-tions, not less than 30 days after the Presi-dent determines and reports to the appro-priate congressional committees that it is vital to the national security interests of the United States to waive such sanctions. (2) R
ENEWAL OF WAIVERS .—The President may, on a case-by-case basis, renew a waiver under paragraph (1) for an additional period of not more than 180 days if, not later than 15 days before that waiver expires, the Presi-dent makes the determination and submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report described in paragraph (1). (3) S
UCCESSIVE RENEWAL .—The renewal au-thority provided under paragraph (2) may be exercised for additional successive periods of not more than 180 days if the President fol-lows the procedures set forth in paragraph (2), and submits the report described in para-graph (1), for each such renewal. (b) C
ONTENTS OF WAIVER REPORTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) in con-nection with a waiver of sanctions under sec-tion 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 with respect to a person, or the renewal of such a waiver, shall in-clude— (1) a specific and detailed rationale for the determination that the waiver is vital to the national security interests of the United States; (2) a description of the activity that re-sulted in the person being subject to sanc-tions; (3) an explanation of any efforts made by the United States, as applicable, to secure the cooperation of the government with pri-mary jurisdiction over the person or the lo-cation where the activity described in para-graph (2) occurred in terminating or, as ap-propriate, penalizing the activity; and (4) an assessment of the significance of the activity described in paragraph (2) in con-tributing to the ability of Iran to threaten the interests of the United States or allies of the United States, develop systems capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, support acts of international terrorism, or violate the human rights of any person in Iran. (c) E
FFECT OF REPORT ON WAIVER .—If the President submits a report under subsection (a) in connection with a waiver of sanctions under section 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 with respect to a person, or the renewal of such a waiver, the President shall not be required to impose or maintain sanctions under section 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8, as applicable, with respect to the person described in the report during the 30-day pe-riod referred to in subsection (a). TITLE II—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION AND COM-BATING TERRORISM AND ILLICIT FI-NANCING SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017’’. Subtitle A—Sanctions and Other Measures With Respect to the Russian Federation 
SEC. 211. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) On March 6, 2014, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13660 (79 Fed. Reg. 13493; relating to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine), which authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to impose sanctions on those determined to be undermining demo-cratic processes and institutions in Ukraine or threatening the peace, security, stability, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Ukraine. President Obama subsequently issued Executive Order 13661 (79 Fed. Reg. 15535; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine) and Executive Order 13662 (79 Fed. Reg. 16169; relating to blocking property of additional persons contributing to the sit-uation in Ukraine) to expand sanctions on certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine. (2) On December 18, 2014, the Ukraine Free-dom Support Act of 2014 was enacted (Public Law 113–272; 22 U.S.C. 8921 et seq.), which in-cludes provisions directing the President to impose sanctions on foreign persons that the President determines to be entities owned or controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation or nationals of the Russian Fed-eration that manufacture, sell, transfer, or otherwise provide certain defense articles into Syria. (3) On April 1, 2015, President Obama issued Executive Order 13694 (80 Fed. Reg. 18077; re-lating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in significant malicious cyber-enabled activities), which authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General and the Sec-retary of State, to impose sanctions on per-sons determined to be engaged in malicious cyber-hacking. (4) On July 26, 2016, President Obama ap-proved a Presidential Policy Directive on United States Cyber Incident Coordination, which states, ‘‘certain cyber incidents that have significant impacts on an entity, our national security, or the broader economy require a unique approach to response ef-forts’’. (5) On December 29, 2016, President Obama issued an annex to Executive Order 13694, which authorized sanctions on the following entities and individuals: (A) The Main Intelligence Directorate (also known as Glavnoe Razvedyvatel’noe Upravlenie or the GRU) in Moscow, Russian Federation. (B) The Federal Security Service (also known as Federalnaya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti or the FSB) in Moscow, Russian Federation. (C) The Special Technology Center (also known as STLC, Ltd. Special Technology Center St. Petersburg) in St. Petersburg, Russian Federation. (D) Zorsecurity (also known as Esage Lab) in Moscow, Russian Federation. (E) The autonomous noncommercial orga-nization known as the Professional Associa-tion of Designers of Data Processing Sys-tems (also known as ANO PO KSI) in Mos-cow, Russian Federation. (F) Igor Valentinovich Korobov. (G) Sergey Aleksandrovich Gizunov. (H) Igor Olegovich Kostyukov. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3517 June 15, 2017 
(I) Vladimir Stepanovich Alexseyev. (6) On January 6, 2017, an assessment of the United States intelligence community enti-tled, ‘‘Assessing Russian Activities and In-tentions in Recent U.S. Elections’’ stated, ‘‘Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the United States presidential election.’’ The as-sessment warns that ‘‘Moscow will apply les-sons learned from its Putin-ordered cam-paign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, includ-ing against U.S. allies and their election processes’’. 
SEC. 212. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent— (1) should engage to the fullest extent pos-sible with partner governments with regard to closing loopholes, including the allowance of extended prepayment for the delivery of goods and commodities and other loopholes, in multilateral and unilateral restrictive measures against the Russian Federation, with the aim of maximizing alignment of those measures; and (2) should increase efforts to vigorously en-force compliance with sanctions in place as of the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to the Russian Federation in re-sponse to the crisis in eastern Ukraine, cyber intrusions and attacks, and human rights violators in the Russian Federation. PART I—CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF SANCTIONS IMPOSED WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION 
SEC. 215. SHORT TITLE. 
The part may be cited as the ‘‘Russia Sanc-tions Review Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 216. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF CERTAIN ACTIONS RELATING TO SANCTIONS IMPOSED WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF PROPOSED  A
CTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, before taking any ac-tion described in paragraph (2), the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership a report that describes the proposed action and the reasons for that action. (2) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An action described in this paragraph is— (i) an action to terminate the application of any sanctions described in subparagraph (B); (ii) with respect to sanctions described in subparagraph (B) imposed by the President with respect to a person, an action to waive the application of those sanctions with re-spect to that person; or (iii) a licensing action that significantly alters United States’ foreign policy with re-gard to the Russian Federation. (B) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subparagraph are— (i) sanctions provided for under— (I) this title or any provision of law amend-ed by this title, including the Executive Or-ders codified under section 222; (II) the Support for the Sovereignty, Integ-rity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8901 et seq.); or (III) the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8921 et seq.); and (ii) the prohibition on access to the prop-erties of the Government of the Russian Fed-eration located in Maryland and New York that the President ordered vacated on De-cember 29, 2016. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF TYPE OF ACTION .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) with respect to an action described in paragraph (2) shall include a description of whether the action— (A) is not intended to significantly alter United States foreign policy with regard to the Russian Federation; or (B) is intended to significantly alter United States foreign policy with regard to the Russian Federation. (4) INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL MATTER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) that relates to an action that is intended to significantly alter United States foreign policy with regard to the Rus-sian Federation shall include a description of— (i) the significant alteration to United States foreign policy with regard to the Rus-sian Federation; (ii) the anticipated effect of the action on the national security interests of the United States; and (iii) the policy objectives for which the sanctions affected by the action were ini-tially imposed. (B) R
EQUESTS FROM BANKING AND FINANCIAL  
SERVICES COMMITTEES .—The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate or the Committee on Financial Serv-ices of the House of Representatives may re-quest the submission to the Committee of the matter described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (A) with respect to a report submitted under paragraph (1) that relates to an action that is not intended to signifi-cantly alter United States foreign policy with regard to the Russian Federation. (b) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the period of 30 calendar days beginning on the date on which the President submits a report under subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the case of a report that relates to an action that is not intended to signifi-cantly alter United States foreign policy with regard to the Russian Federation, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives should, as appropriate, hold hearings and briefings and otherwise obtain information in order to fully review the re-port; and (B) in the case of a report that relates to an action that is intended to significantly alter United States foreign policy with re-gard to the Russian Federation, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives should, as appro-priate, hold hearings and briefings and other-wise obtain information in order to fully re-view the report. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The period for congres-sional review under paragraph (1) of a report required to be submitted under subsection (a)(1) shall be 60 calendar days if the report is submitted on or after July 10 and on or be-fore September 7 in any calendar year. (3) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING INITIAL  
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, during the period for congressional review provided for under paragraph (1) of a report submitted under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action described in subsection (a)(2), including any additional period for such review as applica-ble under the exception provided in para-graph (2), the President may not take that action unless a joint resolution of approval with respect to that action is enacted in ac-cordance with subsection (c). (4) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PRESI -
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if a joint resolution of disapproval relating to a report submitted under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action described in subsection (a)(2) passes both Houses of Congress in accordance with sub-section (c), the President may not take that action for a period of 12 calendar days after the date of passage of the joint resolution of disapproval. (5) LIMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CONGRES -
SIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if a joint resolution of disapproval relating to a report submitted under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action described in subsection (a)(2) passes both Houses of Congress in accordance with sub-section (c), and the President vetoes the joint resolution, the President may not take that action for a period of 10 calendar days after the date of the President’s veto. (6) E
FFECT OF ENACTMENT OF A JOINT RESO -
LUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if a joint resolu-tion of disapproval relating to a report sub-mitted under subsection (a)(1) proposing an action described in subsection (a)(2) is en-acted in accordance with subsection (c), the President may not take that action. (c) J
OINT RESOLUTIONS OF DISAPPROVAL OR  A
PPROVAL DEFINED .—In this subsection: (1) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL .—The term ‘‘joint resolution of approval’’ means only a joint resolution of either House of Congress— (A) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A joint resolution approving the President’s pro-posal to take an action relating to the appli-cation of certain sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation.’’; and (B) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is the following: ‘‘Congress approves of the action relating to the appli-cation of sanctions imposed with respect to the Russian Federation proposed by the President in the report submitted to Con-gress under section 216(a)(1) of the Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017 on lllllll relating to llllllll.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with a short description of the proposed action. (2) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—The term ‘‘joint resolution of disapproval’’ means only a joint resolution of either House of Congress— (A) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A joint resolution disapproving the President’s pro-posal to take an action relating to the appli-cation of certain sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation.’’; and (B) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is the following: ‘‘Congress disapproves of the action relating to the ap-plication of sanctions imposed with respect to the Russian Federation proposed by the President in the report submitted to Con-gress under section 216(a)(1) of the Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017 on lllllll relating to llllllll.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with a short description of the proposed action. (3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the period of 30 calendar days provided for under subsection (b)(1), including any additional period as ap-plicable under the exception provided in sub-section (b)(2), a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval may be in-troduced— (A) in the House of Representatives, by the majority leader or the minority leader; and (B) in the Senate, by the majority leader (or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-ignee). (4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— (A) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If a com- mittee of the House of Representatives to which a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval has been referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3518 June 15, 2017 
has not reported the joint resolution within 10 calendar days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution. (B) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Begin- ning on the third legislative day after each committee to which a joint resolution of ap-proval or joint resolution of disapproval has been referred reports the joint resolution to the House or has been discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution, it shall be in order to move to proceed to con-sider the joint resolution in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the joint resolution. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without inter-vening motion. The motion shall not be de-batable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. (C) C
ONSIDERATION .—The joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval shall be considered as read. All points of order against the joint resolution and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the joint resolution to final passage without intervening motion except 2 hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the sponsor of the joint resolution (or a des-ignee) and an opponent. A motion to recon-sider the vote on passage of the joint resolu-tion shall not be in order. (5) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (A) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-tion of approval or joint resolution of dis-approval introduced in the Senate shall be— (i) referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs if the joint reso-lution relates to a report under section 216 A3 that is described as an action that is not intended to significantly alter United States foreign policy with regard to the Russian Federation; and (ii) referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations if the joint resolution relates to a report under section 216 A3 that is described as an action that is intended to significantly alter United States foreign policy with re-spect to the Russian Federation. (B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the com-mittee to which a joint resolution of ap-proval or joint resolution of disapproval was referred has not reported the joint resolution within 10 calendar days after the date of re-ferral of the joint resolution, that committee shall be discharged from further consider-ation of the joint resolution and the joint resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (C) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not- withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs or the Committee on Foreign Relations, as the case may be, re-ports a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval to the Senate or has been discharged from consideration of such a joint resolution (even though a pre-vious motion to the same effect has been dis-agreed to) to move to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion to proceed is not de-batable. The motion is not subject to a mo-tion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. (D) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE .— Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-lating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval shall be de-cided without debate. (E) CONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .—De- bate in the Senate of any veto message with respect to a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval, including all debatable motions and appeals in connection with the joint resolution, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the majority leader and the minority leader or their designees. (6) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— (A) C
OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of approval or joint res-olution of disapproval of that House, that House receives an identical joint resolution from the other House, the following proce-dures shall apply: (i) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. (ii) With respect to the joint resolution of the House receiving the joint resolution from the other House— (I) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been re-ceived from the other House; but (II) the vote on passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. (B) T
REATMENT OF A JOINT RESOLUTION OF  
OTHER HOUSE .—If one House fails to intro-duce a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval, a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval of the other House shall be entitled to expe-dited procedures in that House under this subsection. (C) T
REATMENT OF HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION  
IN SENATE .—If, following passage of a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval in the Senate, the Senate re-ceives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, that joint resolu-tion shall be placed on the appropriate Sen-ate calendar. (D) A
PPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES .— The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to a joint resolution of approval or joint resolu-tion of disapproval that is a revenue meas-ure. (7) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by Congress— (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution of approval or joint resolution of disapproval, and supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is in-consistent with such rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the majority and minor-ity leaders of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Speaker, the majority leader, and the minor-ity leader of the House of Representatives. PART II—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION 
SEC. 221. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (2) G
OOD.—The term ‘‘good’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (3) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .— The term ‘‘international financial institu-tion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1701(c) of the International Financial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c)). (4) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (5) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (6) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SEC. 222. CODIFICATION OF SANCTIONS RELAT-ING TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—United States sanctions provided for in Executive Order 13660 (79 Fed. Reg. 13493; relating to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine), Executive Order 13661 (79 Fed. Reg. 15535; relating to blocking property of additional persons contributing to the situa-tion in Ukraine), Executive Order 13662 (79 Fed. Reg. 16169; relating to blocking property of additional persons contributing to the sit-uation in Ukraine), Executive Order 13685 (79 Fed. Reg. 77357; relating to blocking property of certain persons and prohibiting certain transactions with respect to the Crimea re-gion of Ukraine), Executive Order 13694 (80 Fed. Reg. 18077; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities), and Executive Order 13757 (82 Fed. Reg. 1; re-lating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities), as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including with re-spect to all persons sanctioned under such Executive Orders, shall remain in effect ex-cept as provided in subsection (b). (b) T
ERMINATION OF CERTAIN SANCTIONS .— Subject to section 216, the President may terminate the application of sanctions de-scribed in subsection (a) that are imposed on a person in connection with activity con-ducted by the person if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a notice that— (1) the person is not engaging in the activ-ity that was the basis for the sanctions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and (2) the President has received reliable as-surances that the person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions de-scribed in subsection (a) in the future. (c) A
PPLICATION OF NEWCYBER SANC-
TIONS .—The President may waive the initial application under subsection (a) of sanctions with respect to a person under Executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3519 June 15, 2017 
Order 13694 or 13757 only if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— (1) a written determination that the waiv-er— (A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or (B) will further the enforcement of this title; and (2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation has made significant efforts to reduce the number and intensity of cyber intrusions conducted by that Govern-ment. (d) A
PPLICATION OF NEWUKRAINE -RELATED  S
ANCTIONS .—The President may waive the initial application under subsection (a) of sanctions with respect to a person under Ex-ecutive Order 13660, 13661, 13662, or 13685 only if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees— (1) a written determination that the waiv-er— (A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or (B) will further the enforcement of this title; and (2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation is taking steps to implement the Minsk Agreement to address the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine, signed in Minsk, Belarus, on February 11, 2015, by the leaders of Ukraine, Russia, France, and Germany, the Minsk Protocol, which was agreed to on September 5, 2014, and any successor agreements that are agreed to by the Government of Ukraine. 
SEC. 223. MODIFICATION OF IMPLEMENTATION OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 13662. 
(a) D ETERMINATION THATCERTAIN ENTITIES  A
RESUBJECT TO SANCTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury may determine that a person meets one or more of the criteria in section 1(a) of Executive Order 13662 if that person is a state-owned entity operating in the rail-way, shipping, or metals and mining sector of the economy of the Russian Federation. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DIRECTIVE 1 WITHRE-
SPECT TO THE FINANCIAL SERVICES SECTOR OF  
THERUSSIAN FEDERATION ECONOMY .—The Di- rector of the Office of Foreign Assets Control shall modify Directive 1 (as amended), dated September 12, 2014, issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control under Executive Order 13662, or any successor directive, to en-sure that the directive prohibits the conduct by United States persons or persons within the United States of all transactions in, pro-vision of financing for, and other dealings in new debt of longer than 14 days maturity or new equity of persons determined to be sub-ject to the directive, their property, or their interests in property. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF DIRECTIVE 2 WITHRE-
SPECT TO THE ENERGY SECTOR OF THE RUSSIAN  F
EDERATION ECONOMY .—The Director of the Office of Foreign Assets Control shall modify Directive 2 (as amended), dated September 12, 2014, issued by the Office of Foreign As-sets Control under Executive Order 13662, or any successor directive, to ensure that the directive prohibits the conduct by United States persons or persons within the United States of all transactions in, provision of fi-nancing for, and other dealings in new debt of longer than 30 days maturity of persons determined to be subject to the directive, their property, or their interests in property. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF DIRECTIVE 4.—The Di- rector of the Office of Foreign Assets Control shall modify Directive 4, dated September 12, 2014, issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control under Executive Order 13662, or any successor directive, to ensure that the direc-tive prohibits the provision, exportation, or reexportation, directly or indirectly, by United States persons or persons within the United States, of goods, services (except for financial services), or technology in support of exploration or production for deepwater, Arctic offshore, or shale projects— (1) that have the potential to produce oil; (2) in which a Russian energy firm is in-volved; and (3) that involve any person determined to be subject to the directive or the property or interests in property of such a person. SEC. 224. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO ACTIVITIES OF THE RUS-SIAN FEDERATION UNDERMINING CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall— (1) impose the sanctions described in sub-section (b) with respect to any person that the President determines— (A) knowingly engages in significant ac-tivities undermining cybersecurity against any person, including a democratic institu-tion, or government on behalf of the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation; or (B) is owned or controlled by, or acts or purports to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, a person described in subpara-graph (A); (2) impose 5 or more of the sanctions de-scribed in section 235 with respect to any person that the President determines know-ingly materially assists, sponsors, or pro-vides financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services (except fi-nancial services) in support of, an activity described in paragraph (1)(A); and (3) impose 3 or more of the sanctions de-scribed in section 4(c) of the of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8923(c)) with respect to any person that the President determines knowingly provides fi-nancial services in support of an activity de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a)(1) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES AND  
REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCUMENTA -
TION.—In the case of an alien determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a)(1), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, the alien, and revoca-tion in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), of any visa or other documentation of the alien. (c) A
PPLICATION OF NEWCYBER SANC-
TIONS .—The President may waive the initial application under subsection (a) of sanctions with respect to a person only if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees— (1) a written determination that the waiv-er— (A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or (B) will further the enforcement of this title; and (2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation has made significant efforts to reduce the number and intensity of cyber intrusions conducted by that Govern-ment. (d) S
IGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING  C
YBERSECURITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘significant activities undermining cybersecurity’’ includes— (1) significant efforts— (A) to deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or destroy an information and communica-tions technology system or network; or (B) to exfiltrate, degrade, corrupt, destroy, or release information from such a system or network without authorization for purposes of— (i) conducting influence operations; or (ii) causing a significant misappropriation of funds, economic resources, trade secrets, personal identifications, or financial infor-mation for commercial or competitive ad-vantage or private financial gain; (2) significant destructive malware at-tacks; and (3) significant denial of service activities. SEC. 225. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS RELATING TO SPECIAL RUSSIAN CRUDE OIL PROJECTS. 
Section 4(b)(1) of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8923(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘on and after the date that is 45 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President may impose’’ and inserting ‘‘on and after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017, the President shall impose, unless the President determines that it is not in the national interest of the United States to do so,’’. 
SEC. 226. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO RUSSIAN AND OTHER FOREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 5 of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8924) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘may impose’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall impose, unless the President de-termines that it is not in the national inter-est of the United States to do so,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘on or after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘on or after the date of the enactment of the Coun-tering Russian Influence in Europe and Eur-asia Act of 2017’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘may impose’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall impose, unless the President de-termines that it is not in the national inter-est of the United States to do so,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 227. MANDATORY IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO SIGNIFI-CANT CORRUPTION IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 9 of the Sovereignty, Integrity, De-mocracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8908(a)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘is authorized and encouraged to’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘President determines is’’ and inserting ‘‘President determines is, on or after the date of the enactment of the Coun-tering Russian Influence in Europe and Eur-asia Act of 2017,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or elsewhere’’ after ‘‘in the Russian Federation’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The President’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in subsection (d), the President’’; and (4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION OF NEWSANCTIONS .—The President may waive the initial application 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3520 June 15, 2017 
of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person only if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— ‘‘(1) a written determination that the waiv-er— ‘‘(A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or ‘‘(B) will further the enforcement of this Act; and ‘‘(2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation is taking steps to implement the Minsk Agreement to address the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine, signed in Minsk, Belarus, on February 11, 2015, by the leaders of Ukraine, Russia, France, and Germany, the Minsk Protocol, which was agreed to on September 5, 2014, and any successor agreements that are agreed to by the Government of Ukraine.’’. 
SEC. 228. MANDATORY IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH FOREIGN SANCTIONS EVADERS AND SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSERS IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Support for the Sov-ereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Eco-nomic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8901 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. MANDATORY IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH PERSONS THAT EVADE SANCTIONS IMPOSED WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to a foreign person if the Presi-dent determines that the foreign person knowingly, on or after the date of the enact-ment of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017— ‘‘(1) materially violates, attempts to vio-late, conspires to violate, or causes a viola-tion of any license, order, regulation, or pro-hibition contained in or issued pursuant to any covered Executive order; or ‘‘(2) facilitates significant deceptive or structured transactions for or on behalf of— ‘‘(A) any person subject to sanctions im-posed by the United States with respect to the Russian Federation; or ‘‘(B) any child, spouse, parent, or sibling of an individual described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION ; PENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out subsection (b) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION OF NEWSANCTIONS .—The President may waive the initial application of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person only if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— ‘‘(1) a written determination that the waiv-er— ‘‘(A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or ‘‘(B) will further the enforcement of this Act; ‘‘(2) in the case of sanctions imposed under this section in connection with a covered Ex-ecutive order described in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of subsection (f)(1), a certifi-cation that the Government of the Russian Federation is taking steps to implement the Minsk Agreement to address the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine, signed in Minsk, Belarus, on February 11, 2015, by the leaders of Ukraine, Russia, France, and Germany, the Minsk Protocol, which was agreed to on September 5, 2014, and any successor agree-ments that are agreed to by the Government of Ukraine; and ‘‘(3) in the case of sanctions imposed under this section in connection with a covered Ex-ecutive order described in subparagraphs (E) or (F) of subsection (f)(1), a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation has made significant efforts to reduce the number and intensity of cyber intrusions conducted by that Government. ‘‘(e) TERMINATION .—Subject to section 216 of the Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017, the President may terminate the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees— ‘‘(1) a notice of and justification for the termination; and ‘‘(2) a notice that— ‘‘(A) the person is not engaging in the ac-tivity that was the basis for the sanctions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and ‘‘(B) the President has received reliable as-surances that the person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions under subsection (a) in the future. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED EXECUTIVE ORDER .—The term ‘covered Executive order’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) Executive Order 13660 (79 Fed. Reg. 13493; relating to blocking property of cer-tain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine). ‘‘(B) Executive Order 13661 (79 Fed. Reg. 15535; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine). ‘‘(C) Executive Order 13662 (79 Fed. Reg. 16169; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine). ‘‘(D) Executive Order 13685 (79 Fed. Reg. 77357; relating to blocking property of cer-tain persons and prohibiting certain trans-actions with respect to the Crimea region of Ukraine). ‘‘(E) Executive Order 13694 (80 Fed. Reg. 18077; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in significant mali-cious cyber-enabled activities). ‘‘(F) Executive Order 13757 (82 Fed. Reg. 1; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities). ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ has the meaning given such term in section 595.304 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Countering Russian Influ-ence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017). ‘‘(3) S
TRUCTURED .—The term ‘structured’, with respect to a transaction, has the mean-ing given the term ‘structure’ in paragraph (xx) of section 1010.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). ‘‘SEC. 11. MANDATORY IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO TRANS-ACTIONS WITH PERSONS RESPON-SIBLE FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to a foreign person if the Presi-dent determines that the foreign person, based on credible information, on or after the date of the enactment of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017— ‘‘(1) is responsible for, complicit in, or re-sponsible for ordering, controlling, or other-wise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses in any territory forc-ibly occupied or otherwise controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation; ‘‘(2) materially assists, sponsors, or pro-vides financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to, a foreign person described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(3) is owned or controlled by, or acts or purports to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, a foreign person described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(1) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES  
AND REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCU -
MENTATION .—In the case of an alien deter-mined by the President to be subject to sub-section (a), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, the alien, and rev-ocation in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), of any visa or other docu-mentation of the alien. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF NEWSANCTIONS .—The President may waive the initial application of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person only if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— ‘‘(1) a written determination that the waiv-er— ‘‘(A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or ‘‘(B) will further the enforcement of this Act; and ‘‘(2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation has made efforts to reduce serious human rights abuses in terri-tory forcibly occupied or otherwise con-trolled by that Government. ‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION ; PENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out sub-section (b)(1). ‘‘(2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out subsection (b)(1) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION .—Subject to section 216 of the Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3521 June 15, 2017 
the President may terminate the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees— ‘‘(1) a notice of and justification for the termination; and ‘‘(2) a notice— ‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) the person is not engaging in the activ-ity that was the basis for the sanctions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and ‘‘(ii) the President has received reliable as-surances that the person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions under subsection (a) in the future; or ‘‘(B) that the President determines that in-sufficient basis exists for the determination by the President under subsection (a) with respect to the person.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF APPROPRIATE CONGRES -
SIONAL COMMITTEES .—Section 2(2) of the Sup-port for the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democ-racy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8901(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,’’ before ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Relations’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Financial Services’’ before ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Affairs’’. 
SEC. 229. NOTIFICATIONS TO CONGRESS UNDER UKRAINE FREEDOM SUPPORT ACT OF 2014. 
(a) S ANCTIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE AND  E
NERGY SECTORS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERA -
TION.—Section 4 of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8923) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) N
OTIFICATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS TO  C
ONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall notify the appropriate congres-sional committees in writing not later than 15 days after imposing sanctions with respect to a foreign person under subsection (a) or (b). ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE -
SPECT TO RUSSIAN PRODUCERS , TRANSFERORS , 
OR BROKERS OF DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subject to section 216 of the Russia Sanctions Re-view Act of 2017, the President may termi-nate the imposition of sanctions under sub-section (a)(2) with respect to a foreign person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees— ‘‘(A) a notice of and justification for the termination; and ‘‘(B) a notice that— ‘‘(i) the foreign person is not engaging in the activity that was the basis for the sanc-tions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and ‘‘(ii) the President has received reliable as-surances that the foreign person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions under subsection (a)(2) in the fu-ture.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (B)(ii) of subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (i)’’. (b) S
ANCTIONS ON RUSSIAN AND OTHER FOR-
EIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .—Section 5 of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8924) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS ON IMPOSI -
TION OF SANCTIONS .—The President shall no-tify the appropriate congressional commit-tees in writing not later than 15 days after imposing sanctions with respect to a foreign financial institution under subsection (a) or (b).’’; and (3) in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 4(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(i)’’. SEC. 230. STANDARDS FOR TERMINATION OF CERTAIN SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) S ANCTIONS RELATING TO UNDERMINING  
THE PEACE , S ECURITY , S TABILITY , S OV-
EREIGNTY , ORTERRITORIAL INTEGRITY OF  U
KRAINE .—Section 8 of the Sovereignty, In-tegrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8907) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION .—Subject to section 216 of the Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017, the President may terminate the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a notice that— ‘‘(1) the person is not engaging in the ac-tivity that was the basis for the sanctions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and ‘‘(2) the President has received reliable as-surances that the person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions under subsection (a) in the future.’’. (b) S
ANCTIONS RELATING TO CORRUPTION .— Section 9 of the Sovereignty, Integrity, De-mocracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8908) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION .—Subject to section 216 of the Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017, the President may terminate the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with re-spect to a person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a notice that— ‘‘(1) the person is not engaging in the ac-tivity that was the basis for the sanctions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and ‘‘(2) the President has received reliable as-surances that the person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions under subsection (a) in the future.’’. 
SEC. 231. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS ENGAGING IN TRANSACTIONS WITH THE INTEL-LIGENCE OR DEFENSE SECTORS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall impose 5 or more of the sanctions described in sec-tion 235 with respect to a person the Presi-dent determines knowingly, on or after such date of enactment, engages in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation, including the Main In-telligence Agency of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation or the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation. (b) A
PPLICATION OF NEWSANCTIONS .—The President may waive the initial application of sanctions under subsection (a) with re-spect to a person only if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— (1) a written determination that the waiv-er— (A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or (B) will further the enforcement of this title; and (2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation has made significant efforts to reduce the number and intensity of cyber intrusions conducted by that Govern-ment. SEC. 232. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE DE-VELOPMENT OF PIPELINES IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may im-pose 5 or more of the sanctions described in section 235 with respect to a person if the President determines that the person know-ingly, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, makes an investment described in subsection (b) or sells, leases, or provides to the Russian Federation, for the construc-tion of Russian energy export pipelines, goods, services, technology, information, or support described in subsection (c)— (1) any of which has a fair market value of $1,000,000 or more; or (2) that, during a 12-month period, have an aggregate fair market value of $5,000,000 or more. (b) I
NVESTMENT DESCRIBED .—An invest-ment described in this subsection is an in-vestment that directly and significantly con-tributes to the enhancement of the ability of the Russian Federation to construct energy export pipelines. (c) G
OODS , SERVICES , TECHNOLOGY , INFOR -
MATION , OR SUPPORT DESCRIBED .—Goods, services, technology, information, or support described in this subsection are goods, serv-ices, technology, information, or support that could directly and significantly facili-tate the maintenance or expansion of the construction, modernization, or repair of en-ergy pipelines by the Russian Federation. 
SEC. 233. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO INVEST-MENT IN OR FACILITATION OF PRI-VATIZATION OF STATE-OWNED AS-SETS BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose 5 or more of the sanctions described in section 235 if the President determines that a person, with actual knowledge, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, makes an investment of $10,000,000 or more (or any combination of investments of not less than $1,000,000 each, which in the aggregate equals or exceeds $10,000,000 in any 12-month pe-riod), or facilitates such an investment, if the investment directly and significantly contributes to the ability of the Russian Federation to privatize state-owned assets in a manner that unjustly benefits— (1) officials of the Government of the Rus-sian Federation; or (2) close associates or family members of those officials. (b) A
PPLICATION OF NEWSANCTIONS .—The President may waive the initial application of sanctions under subsection (a) with re-spect to a person only if the President sub-mits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— (1) a written determination that the waiv-er— (A) is in the vital national security inter-ests of the United States; or (B) will further the enforcement of this title; and (2) a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation is taking steps to implement the Minsk Agreement to address the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine, signed in Minsk, Belarus, on February 11, 2015, by the leaders of Ukraine, Russia, France, and Germany, the Minsk Protocol, which was agreed to on September 5, 2014, and any successor agreements that are agreed to by the Government of Ukraine. 
SEC. 234. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSFER OF ARMS AND RELATED MATERIEL TO SYRIA. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3522 June 15, 2017 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall im-pose on a foreign person the sanctions de-scribed in subsection (b) if the President de-termines that such foreign person has, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, knowingly exported, transferred, or other-wise provided to Syria significant financial, material, or technological support that con-tributes materially to the ability of the Gov-ernment of Syria to— (A) acquire or develop chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons or related technologies; (B) acquire or develop ballistic or cruise missile capabilities; (C) acquire or develop destabilizing num-bers and types of advanced conventional weapons; (D) acquire significant defense articles, de-fense services, or defense information (as such terms are defined under the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.)); or (E) acquire items designated by the Presi-dent for purposes of the United States Muni-tions List under section 38(a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778(a)(1)). (2) A
PPLICABILITY TO OTHER FOREIGN PER -
SONS.—The sanctions described in subsection (b) shall also be imposed on any foreign per-son that— (A) is a successor entity to a foreign person described in paragraph (1); or (B) is owned or controlled by, or has acted for or on behalf of, a foreign person described in paragraph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions to be imposed on a foreign person described in subsection (a) are the following: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall exercise all powers granted by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of the foreign person if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .— (A) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES .—If the foreign person is an individual, the Sec-retary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, the foreign person. (B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to the for-eign person regardless of when issued. (ii) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under clause (i) shall take effect imme-diately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the possession of the foreign person. (c) W
AIVER .—Subject to section 216, the President may waive the application of sanc-tions under subsection (b) with respect to a person if the President determines that such a waiver is in the national security interest of the United States. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
INANCIAL , MATERIAL , OR TECHNOLOGICAL  
SUPPORT .—The term ‘‘financial, material, or technological support’’ has the meaning given such term in section 542.304 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation or ruling). (2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 594.304 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). (3) SYRIA.—The term ‘‘Syria’’ has the meaning given such term in section 542.316 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
SEC. 235. SANCTIONS DESCRIBED. 
(a) S ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions to be imposed with respect to a person under section 224(a)(2), 231(b), 232(a), or 233(a) are the following: (1) E
XPORT -IMPORT BANK ASSISTANCE FOR  
EXPORTS TO SANCTIONED PERSONS .—The Presi-dent may direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States not to give approval to the issuance of any guarantee, insurance, exten-sion of credit, or participation in the exten-sion of credit in connection with the export of any goods or services to the sanctioned person. (2) E
XPORT SANCTION .—The President may order the United States Government not to issue any specific license and not to grant any other specific permission or authority to export any goods or technology to the sanc-tioned person under— (A) the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (B) the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.); (C) the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); or (D) any other statute that requires the prior review and approval of the United States Government as a condition for the ex-port or reexport of goods or services. (3) L
OANS FROM UNITED STATES FINANCIAL  
INSTITUTIONS .—The President may prohibit any United States financial institution from making loans or providing credits to the sanctioned person totaling more than $10,000,000 in any 12-month period unless the person is engaged in activities to relieve human suffering and the loans or credits are provided for such activities. (4) L
OANS FROM INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL  
INSTITUTIONS .—The President may direct the United States executive director to each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any loan from the international financial in-stitution that would benefit the sanctioned person. (5) P
ROHIBITIONS ON FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .—The following prohibitions may be imposed against the sanctioned person if that person is a financial institution: (A) P
ROHIBITION ON DESIGNATION AS PRI -
MARY DEALER .—Neither the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System nor the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may designate, or permit the continuation of any prior designation of, the financial institution as a primary dealer in United States Govern-ment debt instruments. (B) P
ROHIBITION ON SERVICE AS A REPOSI -
TORY OF GOVERNMENT FUNDS .—The financial institution may not serve as agent of the United States Government or serve as repos-itory for United States Government funds. The imposition of either sanction under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) shall be treated as 1 sanction for purposes of subsection (b), and the imposition of both such sanctions shall be treated as 2 sanctions for purposes of sub-section (b). (6) P
ROCUREMENT SANCTION .—The United States Government may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from the sanctioned person. (7) F
OREIGN EXCHANGE .—The President may, pursuant to such regulations as the President may prescribe, prohibit any trans-actions in foreign exchange that are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and in which the sanctioned person has any in-terest. (8) BANKING TRANSACTIONS .—The President may, pursuant to such regulations as the President may prescribe, prohibit any trans-fers of credit or payments between financial institutions or by, through, or to any finan-cial institution, to the extent that such transfers or payments are subject to the ju-risdiction of the United States and involve any interest of the sanctioned person. (9) P
ROPERTY TRANSACTIONS .—The Presi-dent may, pursuant to such regulations as the President may prescribe, prohibit any person from— (A) acquiring, holding, withholding, using, transferring, withdrawing, transporting, im-porting, or exporting any property that is subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and with respect to which the sanc-tioned person has any interest; (B) dealing in or exercising any right, power, or privilege with respect to such prop-erty; or (C) conducting any transaction involving such property. (10) B
AN ON INVESTMENT IN EQUITY OR DEBT  
OF SANCTIONED PERSON .—The President may, pursuant to such regulations or guidelines as the President may prescribe, prohibit any United States person from investing in or purchasing significant amounts of equity or debt instruments of the sanctioned person. (11) E
XCLUSION OF CORPORATE OFFICERS .— The President may direct the Secretary of State to deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security to exclude from the United States, any alien that the President determines is a corporate officer or principal of, or a shareholder with a controlling inter-est in, the sanctioned person. (12) S
ANCTIONS ON PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OF -
FICERS .—The President may impose on the principal executive officer or officers of the sanctioned person, or on persons performing similar functions and with similar authori-ties as such officer or officers, any of the sanctions under this subsection. (b) S
ANCTIONED PERSON DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘sanctioned person’’ means a person subject to sanctions under section 224(a)(2), 231(b), 232(a), or 233(a). 
SEC. 236. EXCEPTIONS, WAIVER, AND TERMI-NATION. 
(a) E XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of this part and amendments made by this part shall not apply with respect to the following: (1) Activities subject to the reporting re-quirements under title V of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. (2) The admission of an alien to the United States if such admission is necessary to com-ply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, under the Con-vention on Consular Relations, done at Vi-enna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or under other international agreements. (b) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  G
OODS .—No requirement to impose sanctions under this part or an amendment made by this part shall include the authority to im-pose sanctions on the importation of goods. (c) W
AIVER OF SANCTIONS THAT AREIM-
POSED .—Subject to section 216, if the Presi-dent imposes sanctions with respect to a per-son under this part or the amendments made by this part, the President may waive the application of those sanctions if the Presi-dent determines that such a waiver is in the national security interest of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3523 June 15, 2017 
(d) T ERMINATION .—Subject to section 216, the President may terminate the application of sanctions under section 224, 231, 232, 233, or 234 with respect to a person if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees— (1) a notice of and justification for the ter-mination; and (2) a notice that— (A) the person is not engaging in the activ-ity that was the basis for the sanctions or has taken significant verifiable steps toward stopping the activity; and (B) the President has received reliable as-surances that the person will not knowingly engage in activity subject to sanctions under this part in the future. 
SEC. 237. EXCEPTION RELATING TO ACTIVITIES OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act and the amend-ments made by this Act shall not apply with respect to activities of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize the im-position of any sanction or other condition, limitation, restriction, or prohibition, that directly or indirectly impedes the supply by any entity of the Russian Federation of any product or service, or the procurement of such product or service by any contractor or subcontractor of the United States or any other entity, relating to or in connection with any space launch conducted for— (1) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; or (2) any other non-Department of Defense customer. 
SEC. 238. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this part or the amendments made by this part shall be construed— (1) to supersede the limitations or excep-tions on the use of rocket engines for na-tional security purposes under section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note), as amended by section 1607 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1100) and section 1602 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2582); or (2) to prohibit a contractor or subcon-tractor of the Department of Defense from acquiring components referred to in such section 1608. PART III—REPORTS 
SEC. 241. REPORT ON OLIGARCHS AND PARASTATAL ENTITIES OF THE RUS-SIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Director of National Intel-ligence and the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a detailed report on the following: (1) Senior foreign political figures and oligarchs in the Russian Federation, includ-ing the following: (A) An identification of the most signifi-cant senior foreign political figures and oligarchs in the Russian Federation, as de-termined by their closeness to the Russian regime and their net worth. (B) An assessment of the relationship be-tween individuals identified under subpara-graph (A) and President Vladimir Putin or other members of the Russian ruling elite. (C) An identification of any indices of cor-ruption with respect to those individuals. (D) The estimated net worth and known sources of income of those individuals and their family members (including spouses, children, parents, and siblings), including as-sets, investments, other business interests, and relevant beneficial ownership informa-tion. (E) An identification of the non-Russian business affiliations of those individuals. (2) Russian parastatal entities, including an assessment of the following: (A) The emergence of Russian parastatal entities and their role in the economy of the Russian Federation. (B) The leadership structures and bene-ficial ownership of those entities. (C) The scope of the non-Russian business affiliations of those entities. (3) The exposure of key economic sectors of the United States to Russian politically ex-posed persons and parastatal entities, includ-ing, at a minimum, the banking, securities, insurance, and real estate sectors. (4) The likely effects of imposing debt and equity restrictions on Russian parastatal en-tities, as well as the anticipated effects of adding Russian parastatal entities to the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. (5) The potential impacts of imposing sec-ondary sanctions with respect to Russian oligarchs, Russian state-owned enterprises, and Russian parastatal entities, including impacts on the entities themselves and on the economy of the Russian Federation, as well as on the economies of the United States and allies of the United States. (b) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ENIOR FOREIGN POLITICAL FIGURE .—The term ‘‘senior foreign political figure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any corresponding similar regula-tion or ruling). 
SEC. 242. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF EXPANDING SANCTIONS TO INCLUDE SOVEREIGN DEBT AND DERIVATIVE PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Director of National Intel-ligence and the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report describing in detail the po-tential effects of expanding sanctions under Directive 1 (as amended), dated September 12, 2014, issued by the Office of Foreign As-sets Control under Executive Order 13662 (79 Fed. Reg. 16169; relating to blocking property of additional persons contributing to the sit-uation in Ukraine), or any successor direc-tive, to include sovereign debt and the full range of derivative products. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. SEC. 243. REPORT ON ILLICIT FINANCE RELAT-ING TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than the end of each one-year period thereafter until 2021, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describ-ing interagency efforts in the United States to combat illicit finance relating to the Rus-sian Federation. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall contain a summary of ef-forts by the United States to do the fol-lowing: (1) Identify, investigate, map, and disrupt illicit financial flows linked to the Russian Federation if such flows affect the United States financial system or those of major al-lies of the United States. (2) Conduct outreach to the private sector, including information sharing efforts to strengthen compliance efforts by entities, including financial institutions, to prevent illicit financial flows described in paragraph (1). (3) Engage and coordinate with allied international partners on illicit finance, es-pecially in Europe, to coordinate efforts to uncover and prosecute the networks respon-sible for illicit financial flows described in paragraph (1), including examples of that en-gagement and coordination. (4) Identify foreign sanctions evaders and loopholes within the sanctions regimes of foreign partners of the United States. (5) Expand the number of real estate geo-graphic targeting orders or other regulatory actions, as appropriate, to degrade illicit fi-nancial activity relating to the Russian Fed-eration in relation to the financial system of the United States. (6) Provide support to counter those in-volved in illicit finance relating to the Rus-sian Federation across all appropriate law enforcement, intelligence, regulatory, and fi-nancial authorities of the Federal Govern-ment, including by imposing sanctions with respect to or prosecuting those involved. (7) In the case of the Department of the Treasury and the Department of Justice, in-vestigate or otherwise develop major cases, including a description of those cases. (c) B
RIEFING .—After submitting a report under this section, the Secretary of the Treasury shall provide briefings to the ap-propriate congressional committees with re-spect to that report. (d) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall coordinate with the Attorney General, the Director of National Intel-ligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of State in preparing each report under this section. (e) F
ORM.—Each report submitted under this section shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (2) I
LLICIT FINANCE .—The term ‘‘illicit fi-nance’’ means the financing of terrorism, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3524 June 15, 2017 
narcotics trafficking, or proliferation, money laundering, or other forms of illicit financing domestically or internationally, as defined by the President. Subtitle B—Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia 
SEC. 251. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion has sought to exert influence through-out Europe and Eurasia, including in the former states of the Soviet Union, by pro-viding resources to political parties, think tanks, and civil society groups that sow dis-trust in democratic institutions and actors, promote xenophobic and illiberal views, and otherwise undermine European unity. The Government of the Russian Federation has also engaged in well-documented corruption practices as a means toward undermining and buying influence in European and Eur-asian countries. (2) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion has largely eliminated a once-vibrant Russian-language independent media sector and severely curtails free and independent media within the borders of the Russian Fed-eration. Russian-language media organiza-tions that are funded and controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation and disseminate information within and outside of the Russian Federation routinely traffic in anti-Western disinformation, while few independent, fact-based media sources pro-vide objective reporting for Russian-speak-ing audiences inside or outside of the Rus-sian Federation. (3) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion continues to violate its commitments under the Memorandum on Security Assur-ances in connection with Ukraine’s Acces-sion to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, done at Budapest De-cember 5, 1994, and the Conference on Secu-rity and Co-operation in Europe Final Act, concluded at Helsinki August 1, 1975 (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Helsinki Final Act’’), which laid the ground-work for the es-tablishment of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, of which the Russian Federation is a member, by its ille-gal annexation of Crimea in 2014, its illegal occupation of South Ossetia and Abkhazia in Georgia in 2008, and its ongoing destabilizing activities in eastern Ukraine. (4) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion continues to ignore the terms of the Au-gust 2008 ceasefire agreement relating to Georgia, which requires the withdrawal of Russian Federation troops, free access by hu-manitarian groups to the regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, and monitoring of the conflict areas by the European Union Moni-toring Mission. (5) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion is failing to comply with the terms of the Minsk Agreement to address the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine, signed in Minsk, Belarus, on February 11, 2015, by the leaders of Ukraine, Russia, France, and Germany, as well as the Minsk Protocol, which was agreed to on September 5, 2014. (6) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion is— (A) in violation of the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimi-nation of their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly known as the ‘‘INF Treaty’’); and (B) failing to meet its obligations under the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force Janu-ary 1, 2002 (commonly known as the ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’). SEC. 252. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Government of the Russian Federa-tion bears responsibility for the continuing violence in Eastern Ukraine, including the death on April 24, 2017, of Joseph Stone, a citizen of the United States working as a monitor for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe; (2) the President should call on the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation— (A) to withdraw all of its forces from the territories of Georgia, Ukraine, and Moldova; (B) to return control of the borders of those territories to their respective govern-ments; and (C) to cease all efforts to undermine the popularly elected governments of those countries; (3) the Government of the Russian Federa-tion has applied, and continues to apply, to the countries and peoples of Georgia and Ukraine, traditional uses of force, intel-ligence operations, and influence campaigns, which represent clear and present threats to the countries of Europe and Eurasia; (4) in response, the countries of Europe and Eurasia should redouble efforts to build re-silience within their institutions, political systems, and civil societies; (5) the United States supports the institu-tions that the Government of the Russian Federation seeks to undermine, including the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the European Union; (6) a strong North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation is critical to maintaining peace and security in Europe and Eurasia; (7) the United States should continue to work with the European Union as a partner against aggression by the Government of the Russian Federation, coordinating aid pro-grams, development assistance, and other counter-Russian efforts; (8) the United States should encourage the establishment of a commission for media freedom within the Council of Europe, mod-eled on the Venice Commission regarding rule of law issues, that would be chartered to provide governments with expert rec-ommendations on maintaining legal and reg-ulatory regimes supportive of free and inde-pendent media and an informed citizenry able to distinguish between fact-based re-porting, opinion, and disinformation; (9) in addition to working to strengthen the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the European Union, the United States should work with the individual countries of Europe and Eurasia— (A) to identify vulnerabilities to aggres-sion, disinformation, corruption, and so- called hybrid warfare by the Government of the Russian Federation; (B) to establish strategic and technical plans for addressing those vulnerabilities; (C) to ensure that the financial systems of those countries are not being used to shield illicit financial activity by officials of the Government of the Russian Federation or in-dividuals in President Vladimir Putin’s inner circle who have been enriched through cor-ruption; (D) to investigate and prosecute cases of corruption by Russian actors; and (E) to work toward full compliance with the Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Anti-Bribery Convention’’) of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development; and (10) the President of the United States should use the authority of the President to impose sanctions under— (A) the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Ac-countability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 5811 note); and (B) the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). 
SEC. 253. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
The United States, consistent with the principle of ex injuria jus non oritur, sup-ports the policy known as the ‘‘Stimson Doc-trine’’ and thus does not recognize terri-torial changes effected by force, including the illegal invasions and occupations of Abkhazia, South Ossetia, Crimea, Eastern Ukraine, and Transnistria. 
SEC. 254. COORDINATING AID AND ASSISTANCE ACROSS EUROPE AND EURASIA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Countering Russian Influence Fund $250,000,000 for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in the Coun-tering Russian Influence Fund shall be used to effectively implement, prioritized in the following order and subject to the avail-ability of funds, the following goals: (1) To assist in protecting critical infra-structure and electoral mechanisms from cyberattacks in the following countries: (A) Countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization or the European Union that the Secretary of State determines— (i) are vulnerable to influence by the Rus-sian Federation; and (ii) lack the economic capability to effec-tively respond to aggression by the Russian Federation without the support of the United States. (B) Countries that are participating in the enlargement process of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization or the European Union, including Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Macedonia, Moldova, Kosovo, Ser-bia, and Ukraine. (2) To combat corruption, improve the rule of law, and otherwise strengthen inde-pendent judiciaries and prosecutors general offices in the countries described in para-graph (1). (3) To respond to the humanitarian crises and instability caused or aggravated by the invasions and occupations of Georgia and Ukraine by the Russian Federation. (4) To improve participatory legislative processes and legal education, political transparency and competition, and compli-ance with international obligations in the countries described in paragraph (1). (5) To build the capacity of civil society, media, and other nongovernmental organiza-tions countering the influence and propa-ganda of the Russian Federation to combat corruption, prioritize access to truthful in-formation, and operate freely in all regions in the countries described in paragraph (1). (6) To assist the Secretary of State in exe-cuting the functions specified in section 1287(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) for the purposes of recog-nizing, understanding, exposing, and coun-tering propaganda and disinformation efforts by foreign governments, in coordination with the relevant regional Assistant Sec-retary or Assistant Secretaries of the De-partment of State. (c) R
EVISION OF ACTIVITIES FOR WHICH A
MOUNTS MAYBEUSED.—The Secretary of State may modify the goals described in sub-section (b) if, not later than 15 days before revising such a goal, the Secretary notifies the appropriate congressional committees of the revision. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall, acting through the Coordinator of United States Assistance to Europe and Eur-asia (authorized pursuant to section 601 of the Support for East European Democracy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3525 June 15, 2017 
(SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5461) and sec-tion 102 of the Freedom for Russia and Emerging Eurasian Democracies and Open Markets Support Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5812)), and in consultation with the Administrator for the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Director of the Global Engagement Center of the Depart-ment of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors, and the heads of other relevant Fed-eral agencies, coordinate and carry out ac-tivities to achieve the goals described in sub-section (b). (2) M
ETHOD .—Activities to achieve the goals described in subsection (b) shall be car-ried out through— (A) initiatives of the United States Gov-ernment; (B) Federal grant programs such as the In-formation Access Fund; or (C) nongovernmental or international or-ganizations, such as the Organization for Se-curity and Co-operation in Europe, the Na-tional Endowment for Democracy, the Black Sea Trust, the Balkan Trust for Democracy, the Prague Civil Society Centre, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Strategic Communications Centre of Excellence, the European Endowment for Democracy, and related organizations. (3) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1 of each year, the Secretary of State, acting through the Coordinator of United States Assistance to Europe and Eurasia, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the programs and activi-ties carried out to achieve the goals de-scribed in subsection (b) during the pre-ceding fiscal year. (B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to each program or activity described in that subparagraph— (i) the amount of funding for the program or activity; (ii) the goal described in subsection (b) to which the program or activity relates; and (iii) an assessment of whether or not the goal was met. (e) C
OORDINATION WITH GLOBAL PART-
NERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to maximize cost efficiency, eliminate duplication, and speed the achievement of the goals described in subsection (b), the Secretary of State shall ensure coordination with— (A) the European Union and its institu-tions; (B) the governments of countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization or the European Union; and (C) international organizations and quasi- governmental funding entities that carry out programs and activities that seek to accom-plish the goals described in subsection (b). (2) R
EPORT BY SECRETARY OF STATE .—Not later than April 1 of each year, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that in-cludes— (A) the amount of funding provided to each country referred to in subsection (b) by— (i) the European Union or its institutions; (ii) the government of each country that is a member of the European Union or the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and (iii) international organizations and quasi- governmental funding entities that carry out programs and activities that seek to accom-plish the goals described in subsection (b); and (B) an assessment of whether the funding described in subparagraph (A) is commensu-rate with funding provided by the United States for those goals. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to or limit United States foreign assistance not provided using amounts available in the Countering Russian Influence Fund. (g) E
NSURING ADEQUATE STAFFING FOR GOV-
ERNANCE ACTIVITIES .—In order to ensure that the United States Government is properly fo-cused on combating corruption, improving rule of law, and building the capacity of civil society, media, and other nongovernmental organizations in countries described in sub-section (b)(1), the Secretary of State shall establish a pilot program for Foreign Service officer positions focused on governance and anticorruption activities in such countries. 
SEC. 255. REPORT ON MEDIA ORGANIZATIONS CONTROLLED AND FUNDED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes a descrip-tion of media organizations that are con-trolled and funded by the Government of the Russian Federation, and any affiliated enti-ties, whether operating within or outside the Russian Federation, including broadcast and satellite-based television, radio, Internet, and print media organizations. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 256. REPORT ON RUSSIAN FEDERATION IN-FLUENCE ON ELECTIONS IN EUROPE AND EURASIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on funds provided by, or funds the use of which was directed by, the Government of the Russian Federation or any Russian person with the intention of in-fluencing the outcome of any election or campaign in any country in Europe or Eur-asia during the preceding year, including through direct support to any political party, candidate, lobbying campaign, non-governmental organization, or civic organi-zation. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form but may include a classified annex. (c) R
USSIAN PERSON DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Russian person’’ means— (1) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of the Russian Federation; or (2) an entity organized under the laws of the Russian Federation or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of the Russian Federation. 
SEC. 257. UKRANIAN ENERGY SECURITY. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to support the Government of Ukraine in restoring its sovereign and territorial in-tegrity; (2) to condemn and oppose all of the desta-bilizing efforts by the Government of the Russian Federation in Ukraine in violation of its obligations and international commit-ments; (3) to never recognize the illegal annex-ation of Crimea by the Government of the Russian Federation or the separation of any portion of Ukrainian territory through the use of military force; (4) to deter the Government of the Russian Federation from further destabilizing and in-vading Ukraine and other independent coun-tries in Central and Eastern Europe and the Caucuses; (5) to assist in promoting reform in regu-latory oversight and operations in Ukraine’s energy sector, including the establishment and empowerment of an independent regu-latory organization; (6) to encourage and support fair competi-tion, market liberalization, and reliability in Ukraine’s energy sector; (7) to help Ukraine and United States allies and partners in Europe reduce their depend-ence on Russian energy resources, especially natural gas, which the Government of the Russian Federation uses as a weapon to co-erce, intimidate, and influence other coun-tries; (8) to work with European Union member states and European Union institutions to promote energy security through developing diversified and liberalized energy markets that provide diversified sources, suppliers, and routes; (9) to continue to oppose the NordStream 2 pipeline given its detrimental impacts on the European Union’s energy security, gas mar-ket development in Central and Eastern Eu-rope, and energy reforms in Ukraine; and (10) that the United States Government should prioritize the export of United States energy resources in order to create American jobs, help United States allies and partners, and strengthen United States foreign policy. (b) PLANTOPROMOTE ENERGY SECURITY IN  U
KRAINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment and the Secretary of Energy, shall work with the Government of Ukraine to develop a plan to increase energy security in Ukraine, increase the amount of energy produced in Ukraine, and reduce Ukraine’s reliance on energy imports from the Russian Federation. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall include strategies for market liberalization, effective regulation and oversight, supply diversification, energy reliability, and energy efficiency, such as through supporting— (A) the promotion of advanced technology and modern operating practices in Ukraine’s oil and gas sector; (B) modern geophysical and meteorological survey work as needed followed by inter-national tenders to help attract qualified in-vestment into exploration and development of areas with untapped resources in Ukraine; (C) a broadening of Ukraine’s electric power transmission interconnection with Eu-rope; (D) the strengthening of Ukraine’s capa-bility to maintain electric power grid sta-bility and reliability; (E) independent regulatory oversight and operations of Ukraine’s gas market and elec-tricity sector; (F) the implementation of primary gas law including pricing, tariff structure, and legal regulatory implementation; (G) privatization of government owned en-ergy companies through credible legal frameworks and a transparent process com-pliant with international best practices; (H) procurement and transport of emer-gency fuel supplies, including reverse pipe-line flows from Europe; (I) provision of technical assistance for cri-sis planning, crisis response, and public out-reach; (J) repair of infrastructure to enable the transport of fuel supplies; (K) repair of power generating or power transmission equipment or facilities; and (L) improved building energy efficiency and other measures designed to reduce en-ergy demand in Ukraine. (3) R
EPORTS .— (A) I
MPLEMENTATION OF UKRAINE FREEDOM  
SUPPORT ACT OF 2014 PROVISIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3526 June 15, 2017 
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report detailing the status of im-plementing the provisions required under section 7(c) of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8926(c)), including de-tailing the plans required under that section, the level of funding that has been allocated to and expended for the strategies set forth under that section, and progress that has been made in implementing the strategies developed pursuant to that section. (B) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report detailing the plan developed under paragraph (1), the level of funding that has been allocated to and ex-pended for the strategies set forth in para-graph (2), and progress that has been made in implementing the strategies. (C) B
RIEFINGS .—The Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, shall brief the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days after the submission of each report under subparagraph (B). In addi-tion, the Department of State shall make relevant officials available upon request to brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on all available information that relates directly or indirectly to Ukraine or energy security in Eastern Europe. (D) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (c) S
UPPORTING EFFORTS OF COUNTRIES IN  E
UROPE AND EURASIA TODECREASE THEIR DE-
PENDENCE ON RUSSIAN SOURCES OF ENERGY .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) The Government of the Russian Fed-eration uses its strong position in the energy sector as leverage to manipulate the internal politics and foreign relations of the coun-tries of Europe and Eurasia. (B) This influence is based not only on the Russian Federation’s oil and natural gas re-sources, but also on its state-owned nuclear power and electricity companies. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the United States should assist the ef-forts of the countries of Europe and Eurasia to enhance their energy security through di-versification of energy supplies in order to lessen dependencies on Russian Federation energy resources and state-owned entities; and (B) the Export-Import Bank of the United States and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation should play key roles in sup-porting critical energy projects that con-tribute to that goal. (3) U
SE OF COUNTERING RUSSIAN INFLUENCE  
FUND TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— Amounts in the Countering Russian Influ-ence Fund pursuant to section 254 shall be used to provide technical advice to countries described in subsection (b)(1) of such section designed to enhance energy security and lessen dependence on energy from Russian Federation sources. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Department of State a total of $30,000,000 for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 to carry out the strategies set forth in subsection (b)(2) and other activities under this section related to the promotion of energy security in Ukraine. (e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the responsibilities required and authorities provided under section 7 of the Ukraine Free-dom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8926). 
SEC. 258. TERMINATION. 
The provisions of this subtitle shall termi-nate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 259. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-MITTEES DEFINED. 
Except as otherwise provided, in this sub-title, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Ap-propriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Combating Terrorism and Illicit Financing PART I—NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COM-BATING TERRORIST AND OTHER ILLICIT FINANCING 
SEC. 261. DEVELOPMENT OF NATIONAL STRAT-EGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary, shall, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the appropriate Federal banking agencies and Federal functional regulators, develop a national strategy for combating the financ-ing of terrorism and related forms of illicit finance. (b) T
RANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a com-prehensive national strategy developed in accordance with subsection (a). (2) U
PDATES .—Not later than January 31, 2020, and January 31, 2022, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees updated versions of the national strategy submitted under paragraph (1). (c) S
EPARATE PRESENTATION OF CLASSIFIED  M
ATERIAL .—Any part of the national strat-egy that involves information that is prop-erly classified under criteria established by the President shall be submitted to Congress separately in a classified annex and, if re-quested by the chairman or ranking member of one of the appropriate congressional com-mittees, as a briefing at an appropriate level of security. 
SEC. 262. CONTENTS OF NATIONAL STRATEGY. 
The strategy described in section 261 shall contain the following: (1) E
VALUATION OF EXISTING EFFORTS .—An assessment of the effectiveness of and ways in which the United States is currently ad-dressing the highest levels of risk of various forms of illicit finance, including those iden-tified in the documents entitled ‘‘2015 Na-tional Money Laundering Risk Assessment’’ and ‘‘2015 National Terrorist Financing Risk Assessment’’, published by the Department of the Treasury and a description of how the strategy is integrated into, and supports, the broader counter terrorism strategy of the United States. (2) G
OALS , OBJECTIVES , AND PRIORITIES .—A comprehensive, research-based, long-range, quantifiable discussion of goals, objectives, and priorities for disrupting and preventing illicit finance activities within and transiting the financial system of the United States that outlines priorities to reduce the incidence, dollar value, and effects of illicit finance. (3) THREATS .—An identification of the most significant illicit finance threats to the financial system of the United States. (4) R
EVIEWS AND PROPOSED CHANGES .—Re- views of enforcement efforts, relevant regu-lations and relevant provisions of law and, if appropriate, discussions of proposed changes determined to be appropriate to ensure that the United States pursues coordinated and effective efforts at all levels of government, and with international partners of the United States, in the fight against illicit fi-nance. (5) D
ETECTION AND PROSECUTION INITIA -
TIVES .—A description of efforts to improve, as necessary, detection and prosecution of il-licit finance, including efforts to ensure that— (A) subject to legal restrictions, all appro-priate data collected by the Federal Govern-ment that is relevant to the efforts described in this section be available in a timely fash-ion to— (i) all appropriate Federal departments and agencies; and (ii) as appropriate and consistent with sec-tion 314 of the International Money Laun-dering Abatement and Financial Anti-Ter-rorism Act of 2001 (31 U.S.C. 5311 note), to fi-nancial institutions to assist the financial institutions in efforts to comply with laws aimed at curbing illicit finance; and (B) appropriate efforts are undertaken to ensure that Federal departments and agen-cies charged with reducing and preventing il-licit finance make thorough use of publicly available data in furtherance of this effort. (6) T
HE ROLE OF THE PRIVATE FINANCIAL SEC -
TOR IN PREVENTION OF ILLICIT FINANCE .—A discussion of ways to enhance partnerships between the private financial sector and Federal departments and agencies with re-gard to the prevention and detection of il-licit finance, including— (A) efforts to facilitate compliance with laws aimed at stopping such illicit finance while maintaining the effectiveness of such efforts; and (B) providing guidance to strengthen inter-nal controls and to adopt on an industry- wide basis more effective policies. (7) E
NHANCEMENT OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL  
COOPERATION .—A discussion of ways to com-bat illicit finance by enhancing— (A) cooperative efforts between and among Federal, State, and local officials, including State regulators, State and local prosecu-tors, and other law enforcement officials; and (B) cooperative efforts with and between governments of countries and with and be-tween multinational institutions with exper-tise in fighting illicit finance, including the Financial Action Task Force and the Egmont Group of Financial Intelligence Units. (8) T
REND ANALYSIS OF EMERGING ILLICIT FI -
NANCE THREATS .—A discussion of and data re-garding trends in illicit finance, including evolving forms of value transfer such as so- called cryptocurrencies, other methods that are computer, telecommunications, or Inter-net-based, cyber crime, or any other threats that the Secretary may choose to identify. (9) B
UDGET PRIORITIES .—A multiyear budg-et plan that identifies sufficient resources needed to successfully execute the full range of missions called for in this section. (10) T
ECHNOLOGY ENHANCEMENTS .—An anal- ysis of current and developing ways to lever-age technology to improve the effectiveness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3527 June 15, 2017 
of efforts to stop the financing of terrorism and other forms of illicit finance, including better integration of open-source data. PART II—ENHANCING ANTITERRORISM TOOLS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY 
SEC. 271. IMPROVING ANTITERROR FINANCE MONITORING OF FUNDS TRANS-FERS. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To improve the ability of the Department of the Treasury to better track cross-border fund transfers and iden-tify potential financing of terrorist or other forms of illicit finance, the Secretary shall carry out a study to assess— (A) the potential efficacy of requiring banking regulators to establish a pilot pro-gram to provide technical assistance to de-pository institutions and credit unions that wish to provide account services to money services businesses serving individuals in So-malia; (B) whether such a pilot program could be a model for improving the ability of United States persons to make legitimate funds transfers through transparent and easily monitored channels while preserving strict compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act (Pub-lic Law 91–508; 84 Stat. 1114) and related con-trols aimed at stopping money laundering and the financing of terrorism; and (C) consistent with current legal require-ments regarding confidential supervisory in-formation, the potential impact of allowing money services businesses to share certain State examination information with deposi-tory institutions and credit unions, or whether another appropriate mechanism could be identified to allow a similar ex-change of information to give the depository institutions and credit unions a better un-derstanding of whether an individual money services business is adequately meeting its anti-money laundering and counter-terror fi-nancing obligations to combat money laun-dering, the financing of terror, or related il-licit finance. (2) P
UBLIC INPUT .—The Secretary should solicit and consider public input as appro-priate in developing the study required under subsection (a). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 272. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTER-NATIONAL COOPERATION REGARD-ING TERRORIST FINANCING INTEL-LIGENCE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, should intensify work with foreign partners to help the foreign partners develop intelligence analytic capacities, in a financial intel-ligence unit, finance ministry, or other ap-propriate agency, that are— (1) commensurate to the threats faced by the foreign partner; and (2) designed to better integrate intel-ligence efforts with the anti-money laun-dering and counter-terrorist financing re-gimes of the foreign partner. 
SEC. 273. EXAMINING THE COUNTER-TERROR FI-NANCING ROLE OF THE DEPART-MENT OF THE TREASURY IN EMBAS-SIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains— (1) a list of the United States embassies in which a full-time Department of the Treas-ury financial attache´is stationed and a de-scription of how the interests of the Depart-ment of the Treasury relating to terrorist fi-nancing and money laundering are addressed (via regional attache´s or otherwise) at United States embassies where no such attache´s are present; (2) a list of the United States embassies at which the Department of the Treasury has assigned a technical assistance advisor from the Office of Technical Assistance of the De-partment of the Treasury; (3) an overview of how Department of the Treasury financial attache´s and technical as-sistance advisors assist in efforts to counter illicit finance, to include money laundering, terrorist financing, and proliferation financ-ing; and (4) an overview of patterns, trends, or other issues identified by the Department of the Treasury and whether resources are suf-ficient to address these issues. SEC. 274. INCLUSION OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY ON THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY COUNCIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(c)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of the Treasury,’’ before ‘‘and such other officers’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ment made by subsection (a) may not be con-strued to authorize the National Security Council to have a professional staff level that exceeds the limitation set forth under section 101(e)(3) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(e)(3)). 
SEC. 275. INCLUSION OF ALL FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5326 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading of such section, by strik-ing ‘‘coin and currency’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subtitle and’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subtitle or to’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘United States coins or currency (or such other monetary instruments as the Sec-retary may describe in such order)’’ and in-serting ‘‘funds (as the Secretary may de-scribe in such order),’’; and (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘coins or currency (or monetary instruments)’’ and inserting ‘‘funds’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘coins or currency (or such other monetary instru-ments as the Secretary may describe in the regulation or order)’’ and inserting ‘‘funds (as the Secretary may describe in the regula-tion or order)’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended in the item relating to section 5326 by striking ‘‘coin and cur-rency’’. PART III—DEFINITIONS 
SEC. 281. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, Committee on Armed Serv-ices, Committee on the Judiciary, Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on Homeland Se-curity, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representa-tives; (2) the term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agencies’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); (3) the term ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act’’ means— (A) section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1829b); (B) chapter 2 of title I of Public Law 91–508 (12 U.S.C. 1951 et seq.); and (C) subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code; (4) the term ‘‘Federal functional regu-lator’’ has the meaning given that term in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809); (5) the term ‘‘illicit finance’’ means the fi-nancing of terrorism, narcotics trafficking, or proliferation, money laundering, or other forms of illicit financing domestically or internationally, as defined by the President; (6) the term ‘‘money services business’’ has the meaning given the term under section 1010.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions; (7) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury; and (8) the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and each territory or possession of the United States. Subtitle D—Rule of Construction SEC. 291. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title (other than sections 216 and 236(b)) shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President under the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 292. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE STRATEGIC IMPORTANCE OF ARTICLE 5 OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The principle of collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is immortalized in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in which members pledge that ‘‘an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all’’. (2) For almost 7 decades, the principle of collective defense has effectively served as a strategic deterrent for the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and provided stability throughout the world, strengthening the security of the United States and all 28 other member nations. (3) Following the September 11, 2001, ter-rorist attacks in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania, the Alliance agreed to invoke Article 5 for the first time, affirming its commitment to collective defense. (4) Countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization have made historic contributions and sacrifices while combating terrorism in Afghanistan through the International Security Assist-ance Force and the Resolute Support Mis-sion. (5) The recent attacks in the United King-dom underscore the importance of an inter-national alliance to combat hostile nation states and terrorist groups. (6) At the 2014 NATO summit in Wales, the member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization decided that all coun-tries that are members of NATO would spend an amount equal to 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3528 June 15, 2017 
(7) Collective defense unites the 29 mem-bers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, each committing to protecting and sup-porting one another from external adver-saries, which bolsters the North Atlantic Al-liance. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate— (1) to express the vital importance of Arti-cle 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, the char-ter of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, as it continues to serve as a critical de-terrent to potential hostile nations and ter-rorist organizations; (2) to remember the first and only invoca-tion of Article 5 by the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization in support of the United States after the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001; (3) to affirm that the United States re-mains fully committed to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and will honor its obli-gations enshrined in Article 5; and (4) to condemn any threat to the sov-ereignty, territorial integrity, freedom, or democracy of any country that is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 255 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the title amendment at the desk be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 255) was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to Provide Congressional Review and to Counter Iranian and Russian Govern-ments’ Aggression.’’ f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, June 19, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session for consider-ation of Executive Calendar No. 108. I further ask that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination, equally di-vided in the usual form, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no intervening action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 94. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Finan-cial Crimes. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Mike Rounds, Tim Scott, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Michael B. Enzi, John Boozman, James M. Inhofe, John Cornyn, James Lankford, Cory Gardner, John Barrasso. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative ses-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 97. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, De-partment of the Treasury. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Fi-nancing, Department of the Treasury. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, John Boozman, Mike Rounds, Chuck Grassley, Steve Daines, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Mike Crapo, Bill Cassidy, James M. Inhofe, Thad Cochran, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to both cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Virginia. INDIVIDUAL HEALTH INSURANCE MARKETPLACE  
IMPROVEMENT ACT  
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise to speak about the ongoing debate in the body concerning the next chapter in healthcare and what we can do about it together and, especially, to ad-dress one part of the healthcare mar-ket—the individual market. As most know—and this has been an item about which we are deep into dis-cussions, the people and the Members of this body—before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Americans with preexisting conditions faced unfair bar-riers to accessing health insurance cov-erage, and healthcare costs had risen rapidly. Prior to the passage of the Af-fordable Care Act, my own family, which is probably like the healthiest family in America because the five of us have only had three hospitalizations for three childbirths—all for my wife— we had twice been turned down for in-surance coverage for at least one mem-ber of our family because of preexisting conditions. Since 2010, the rate of uninsured Americans has declined to a historic low. More than 20 million Americans have gained access to health insurance coverage—many for the first time in their lives. In Virginia, over 410,000 Virginians have accessed care on the individual marketplace and another 400,000 would be eligible if Virginia de-cided to expand Medicaid. Many Virginians use the individual market, and they have shared their stories with me on my website. I have on my Senate website ‘‘ACA Stories,’’ where I encourage people to share their stories. The individual marketplace, as folks know, is if you are buying health insur-ance, not through an employer, and you are buying individually—you may or may not be qualified for a subsidy— that particular marketplace is really important for people who aren’t em-ployed by companies that offer group plans, but it also has its challenges. One of my stories was from Lauren Carter, who lives in Lovingston, VA, in Nelson County. She wrote in to say: 
My 39-year-old son has cerebral palsy and a blood clotting disorder. His ‘‘pre-existing conditions’’ started at conception. Three years ago, he lost his full time job with health insurance benefits. The ACA allows him to continue receiving medical care and purchase his life saving medications. He supports himself through multiple part time jobs— 
This young man with cerebral palsy— 
employer based insurance is not an option for him at this time. 
Laura Kreynus from Mechanicsville, VA, near Richmond wrote: 
My daughter was diagnosed with Crohn’s Disease in April of 2013. That September, my husband was diagnosed with Parkinson’s Dis-ease. We are farmers, we raise the food for America. As such, we are independently in-sured. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.006 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3529 June 15, 2017 
They have no large employer to cover them. 
Prior to finding a plan through the ACA in January 2015, our monthly insurance pre-miums were to increase to nearly $3,000 a month . . . yes, each MONTH! On top of that, our health insurance had an annual cap on prescription coverage of $5,000. The Humira that my daughter takes to combat her Crohn’s Disease retails for $3,800 a month, and that is not the only medication she re-quires. So basically, after one month, we reached the prescription coverage cap, mean-ing we would have to pay $3,800 a month for medication on top of $3,000 a month pre-miums. Who has an extra $6,800 a month to pay for this? That is way more than we earn monthly as farmers. With the health insurance plan we got through the ACA, our premiums for 2015 were $1,500 a month, less than half of what we would have been paying under the previous plan. But the real saving grace was no pre-scription cap, so my daughter’s medications are covered with a copay after we reach the deductible. This is still a lot of money, but at least we can treat our daughter’s disease and hopefully keep her healthy. And even though our premiums have gone up to nearly $2,000 a month from $1,500 a month under the ACA, at least we can still have insurance. 
For families like Lauren’s and Lau-ra’s, the individual marketplace is crit-ical. But like Laura said, premiums are frequently too high. You have to have robust enrollment, competition, and certainty for premiums to come down. Unfortunately, there has been in-creasing uncertainty in the individual market due to actions taken by the current administration. On January 20, 2017, President Trump signed an Execu-tive order directing relevant agencies not to enforce key provisions of the Af-fordable Care Act. Later in January, the administration terminated compo-nents of outreach and enrollment spending, including advertising to en-courage people to enroll in the indi-vidual marketplace. The administration has also repeat-edly threatened to end cost-sharing re-duction payments, which reduce costs for approximately 6 million people with incomes below 250 percent of the poverty level. These actions, these statements, these inactions, and this uncertainty have created uncertainty in the individual marketplace, leading to instability for insurance carriers, higher premiums, and reduced competi-tion. In Virginia, we have seen Aetna and United leave the individual market-place, and they have cited this uncer-tainty created by this administration as the principal reason. In other States, there are counties that are at risk to have no insurers offering cov-erage on the marketplace in particular States or sometimes in regions in the States. So this is a problem we can address, and we don’t have to repeal the Afford-able Care Act to do it. We just need to improve the Affordable Care Act, using a tool that has had bipartisan support in this body for some time. So yesterday Senator C
ARPER and I introduced the Individual Health Insur-ance Marketplace Improvement Act, and I want to thank the other original cosponsors of the bill: Senators NEL-
SON, SHAHEEN , and H ASSAN . One way to address uncertainty is to use a common insurance tool, reinsur-ance—a permanent reinsurance pro-gram to help stabilize premiums and increase competition. The Affordable Care Act originally had a reinsurance program. It was temporary. It lasted for the first 3 years of the program, and it did hold premiums down. What we would do is that we would take that idea, which worked, and we would make it permanent. We would make it permanent and modeled after a very successful and bipartisan program: Medicare Part D. Medicare Part D pro-vides a prescription drug benefit for seniors. It was passed with bipartisan support during the administration of President George W. Bush, now more than a decade ago, and the reinsurance program has helped hold down costs. This reinsurance program would pro-vide funding to offset larger than ex-pected insurance claims for health in-surance companies participating in State and Federal marketplaces. It would encourage them to offer more plans in a greater number of markets, thereby improving competition and driving down costs for patients and families. Basically, if reinsurance can cover high costs, an insurance com-pany will know it has a backstop, which gives it a measure of stability, and also can set premiums at a more reasonable level for everyone. The bill would also do one other thing that is important. It would pro-vide $500 million a year from 2018 to 2020 to help States improve outreach and enrollment for the health insur-ance marketplaces, especially to draw in new members and educate the pub-lic—especially young people who are maybe moving just past their 26th birthdays and can no longer be con-tained on family policies—about the need to be insured. The outreach fund-ing prioritizes counties where there are limited insurers left in the market-place. This is not the only improvement that is needed for our healthcare sys-tem. We need to do more to keep costs down, figure out a way to have pre-scription drugs be more affordable, and we can certainly use technology and data to drive better health outcomes, but this is a fix. It is a fix of an impor-tant part of our system, the individual market. It is a fix using an idea that has already worked and has already compelled the support of both Demo-crats and Republicans—reinsurance in Medicare Part D. This should be some-thing Democrats and Republicans can agree to. My worry is that we are partici-pating now in a secretive effort to write a healthcare bill behind closed doors and possibly put it on the floor for a vote without hearing from a sin-gle patient, without hearing from a single provider, a hospital, a business that has a hard time buying insurance for its employees, an insurance com-pany, or pharmaceutical company. We ought to be debating these bills in the world’s greatest deliberative body and proposing amendments and hearing from stakeholders and then doing the best job we can when we are dealing with the most important expenditure that anybody ever makes in their life, healthcare. Healthcare is also one of the largest segments of the American economy, one-sixth of the economy. Why would we want to pass a bill in se-cret? Senator C
ARPER , my colleagues, and I have introduced this bill as a good faith effort to say what I actually said when I first got on the HELP Com-mittee in early January of 2015. There is a huge group of us just waiting for the door to open so that we can have a meaningful discussion about moving our system forward, and I believe this bill could be a very good part of stabi-lizing and improving the individual market and bringing relief to many Americans. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to reiterate my support for the resolution of disapproval related to the sale of certain defense articles to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. While the resolution, unfortunately, did not pass the Senate in a recent vote, I believe its goals remain important. The Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen is fueling a humanitarian dis-aster. Over 10,000 people have died, and over 3 million people have been dis-placed as the conflict has exacerbated poverty, famine, and disease. Accord-ing to UNICEF, the United Nations Children’s Fund, a cholera outbreak in Yemen could quadruple to infect 300,000 people in the coming weeks. Half of the current cholera cases affect children, and the ongoing conflict leaves few hospitals to turn to and almost no medical supplies. In addition to deaths related to fam-ine and the outbreak of other diseases, we are seeing civilian casualties as a direct result of Saudi military action. Earlier this year at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, I asked General Votel, the commander of U.S. Central Command, which is responsible for the Middle East, to assess the cause of the large number of civilian casual-ties in Yemen. General Votel re-sponded: ‘‘I attribute those type situa-tions more to the competence of the forces that are operating there, and their ability to properly target.’’ I am concerned that even with the precision munitions the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.021 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3530 June 15, 2017 
has sold to Saudi Arabia in the past, air strikes continue to hit civilian tar-gets. The number of civilian injuries and deaths shows that there is simply not enough progress to reduce civilian casualties. I could not in good conscience vote to support providing advanced precision munitions—bombs capable of hitting targets guided by laser targeting or GPS—to a campaign conducted by forces unable or unwilling to limit strikes to targets of military necessity. Civilian casualties are a tragedy, and they threaten to make us less safe by radicalizing populations that otherwise would not be sympathetic to violent extremist groups like al-Qaida. It is critical that the U.S. military is cer-tainly able to hunt down terrorists wherever they operate or wherever they seek haven. The deployment of remotely piloted aircraft has allowed for persistent in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance, which is used to minimize the risk of civilian casualties. When the U.S. military carries out air strikes, we know our men and women in uni-form are the best trained in the world and are informed by the best available intelligence. Precision-guided munitions alone do not avoid preventable tragedies. It takes capable and fully trained per-sonnel. This is what we must expect from our partners for the sake of inno-cent civilians caught in conflict zones and for our own national security. Failing to do so sets back the potential for a political solution. We simply should not send precision munitions or any weapons system to any partner with personnel who are not capable or trained to use them. That is why I supported the resolution of dis-approval, which specifically objects to the sale of three specific types of preci-sion-guided munitions and related technology. While this measure failed, I will continue to work as a member of the Armed Services Committee to pro-vide oversight and hold the Saudi Gov-ernment and military accountable. 
COUNTERING IRAN ’S DESTABILIZING ACTIVITIES  
BILL 
Mr. President, I was proud to support the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Ac-tivities Act. This is important legisla-tion that I was also proud to cosponsor. It will require sanctions on those sup-porting Iran’s ballistic missile program and imposes terrorism-related sanc-tions on Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps. For too long, Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism and their repeated bal-listic missile tests in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions have de-stabilized the Middle East and threat-ened Israel, our strongest ally in the region. Their destabilizing actions are fueling the ongoing violence causing widespread humanitarian suffering in Yemen. Iran provides weapons and troops that fuel conflicts, and Iran’s military consistently behaves in an un-professional manner, putting American troops at risk. I believe most Iranian citizens want to play a productive role in the world. It is their government that is the prob-lem. I believe that pressure provided by additional sanctions for destabilizing activity can improve the behavior of the Iranian regime, and we must send a clear signal to this regime that their actions are simply unacceptable. This legislation also provided a vehi-cle to address another nation’s leader-ship whose actions have warranted international condemnation—Russia. This bill includes an amendment that I supported to enhance sanctions on Rus-sia. This amendment ensures that sanc-tions imposed by President Obama are codified in law and cannot be removed without congressional review. It also imposes new sanctions on Russians who facilitate human rights violations, supply weapons to the Syrian Govern-ment, conduct cyber attacks on behalf of the Russian Government, and do business in the Russian intelligence and defense sectors. Let me be clear: Russia is not our friend. The Russian Government has conducted an information warfare cam-paign against our own country and sought to undermine our democratic process. This is not a one-time incident. Rus-sia continues to attempt to disrupt democratic institutions and interfere with our allies. Congress has supported imposing tough sanctions on Russia, and it is important that Congress has an oppor-tunity to review any attempt to re-move them. I am glad this amendment was adopted on a broadly bipartisan basis. Finally, I am a cosponsor of an amendment offered by Senator GRAHAM  that reaffirms the importance of NATO, particularly article 5, the col-lective defense provision, which states that an attack on one is an attack on all. Article 5 has been invoked only once, in response to the September 11 attacks on the United States. With the inclusion of this amendment, the Sen-ate sends a strong, clear signal that the United States stands by our com-mitment to security and stability throughout the world, and we always will. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BUILDING AND SUSTAINING A LARGER NAVY  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise to continue my discussion about the case for a bigger Navy, a bigger fleet, and to endorse the requirement of the experts in the Department of Defense that we move to a 355-ship Navy. When a crisis strikes around the world, the President asks his national security team: Where are the carriers? Where are the aircraft carriers? Each of our carriers is a 100,000-ton giant, accompanied by an entire carrier group that consists of mighty warships and aircraft. The carrier, itself, rep-resents 4.5 acres of sovereign U.S. terri-tory. In early January of this year—and Senators do not know this—a strange and profoundly disturbing thing hap-pened. The answer to the Commander in Chief’s question, had it been asked at that point—where are the car-riers?—would have been that none of them had been deployed—not a single one. For the first time since World War II, the United States had no carriers deployed anywhere—not in the Persian Gulf, not in the Mediterranean, not in the Western Pacific. There is a gap in our global carrier presence, and there is a gap in our fleet. This comes from years of compla-cency. Also, it comes from a different set of facts that we are faced with and a different set of challenges that we are faced with in our quest to make our presence known and to protect our na-tional security interests on the open seas. We have ignored the great naval competition that is taking place else-where—the fact that it is accelerating. We have taken our Navy and our sail-ors and marines for granted. Simply put, the Navy we have today is too small. We cannot accomplish the critical missions that we have by pre-serving the status quo. Right now, we have 277 ships, and we need to get to 355 ships. That was reiterated today by the Chief of Naval Operations and the Secretary of the Navy in a hearing be-fore the full Armed Services Com-mittee. I will reiterate to my colleagues and to the American people what the Navy does for America and why the current fleet is too small to meet current and emerging challenges. First, the global presence of the Navy ship matters to American prosperity— to the quality of life of Americans. Ninety percent of global trade is sea-borne. Maritime traffic has increased by 400 percent over the past quarter century. In addition to commerce, nearly all intercontinental tele-communications transit via a web of undersea cables. Undersea cables are responsible for nearly all of our inter-continental telecommunications. Second, a strong Navy deters aggres-sive behavior and reassures our allies as the Nation’s first-on-the-scene force. A strong Navy can help keep bad situa-tions from spiraling out of control and getting worse. For example, the Presi-dent recently dispatched multiple car-rier strike groups to the Sea of Japan following North Korea’s missile tests. The President asked where the carriers were, and he dispatched them to a place of crisis. A mix of ships gives our Commander in Chief a range of mili-tary options, and their deployments to areas of instability can send a message of resolve to our friends and foes alike. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.023 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3531 June 15, 2017 
Third, if deterrence fails, our naval forces can provide a decisive response to aggression. Surface ships, sub-marines, and the aircraft on the car-riers can launch missile strikes, con-trol air and sea traffic, and intercept missile threats. The recent U.S. action in Syria is a good example, as the Pre-siding Officer knows. In using destroy-ers in the Mediterranean, the Com-mander in Chief delivered precision strikes against Syrian airfields. He en-forced the redline against outlawed chemical weapons, and President Assad has not crossed that redline again. Accomplishing these missions as the Nation’s sentinel and first responder requires a big Navy. Admiral John Richardson, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, put it best in ‘‘The Future Navy’’ white paper that was released last month. He said: 
Numbers matter. The number of ships in the Navy’s fleet determines where we can be, and being there is a key to naval power. 
Again, the current fleet of about 277 ships is way too small. It is important to remember that not all ships are de-ployed or deployable. In fact, only about 100 ships out of the 277 are cur-rently deployed. The other two-thirds are undergoing heavy maintenance, routine sustainment, or are training to deploy. The Navy recently validated its requirement for 355 ships—a 47-ship in-crease over the previous requirement. The lack of ships has created cov-erage gaps all over the world. I will give two examples. First, the commander of Pacific Command, ADM Harry Harris, recently told Congress he has only half the sub-marines he needs. Admiral Harris is re-sponsible for deterring China and North Korea, but he is missing half of the submarines he needs. Closer to home, the commander of Southern Command, ADM Kurt Tidd, has zero Navy ships permanently assigned to his area of operations. These are just two of the many alarming instances where the lack of ships is having major con-sequences. While we watch our edge erode, America’s real and potential adver-saries are building the size and capa-bility of their fleets. They are on the field competing while, in America, many of our players are still in the locker room. China is building a modern navy ca-pable of projecting global power. China is modernizing every type of ship and submarine in its fleet. China commis-sioned 18 ships last year. In April, China launched its first domestically built carrier and plans to build at least six more carriers. By 2030, China will have more than twice as many attack submarines and four times as many small surface ships as the United States. Beijing is developing its first overseas naval base in the Horn of Afri-ca. China’s naval buildup may attempt to push the United States first out of the Western Pacific, away from critical trade chokepoints and our allies in South Korea and Japan. I would call the attention of Mem-bers to the poster that I have, and I hope it is printed large enough for my colleagues to see. In terms of five types of ships, it compares where we were in 2000, where we are today, and where we are projected to be if current trends continue. For example, on the farthest column shown on the chart, in attack sub-marines—and the black portion of each circle represents China’s capability, and the blue represents our capability in the United States of America. In 2000, it was 64 to 55 in favor of the Chi-nese. In 2016, as we can see, 56 to 57. But under current projections, by the year 2030, when it comes to attack sub-marines, the Chinese will have 87 and the United States will have only 42—a disturbing trend which the Navy would like to reverse if we have the ability and the wisdom to give them the re-quirement they have said they need. With regard to ballistic missile sub-marines, in 2000, quite a mismatch— only 1 for China as compared to 18 for the United States; then, only last year, 4 for China and 14 for the U.S. Navy; and then projected for 2030—and really that is in only 13 short years, which is hard to believe—there will be more Chinese ballistic missile submarines than American ballistic missile sub-marines unless we take the Navy’s re-quirement to heart and take action be-ginning this year to rectify that situa-tion. With regard to small surface ships, as we can see, there was a 79-to-62 advan-tage in sheer numbers in 2000 and a 103- to-23 advantage of the Chinese in 2016. In 2030, there will still be a mismatch, in terms of numbers, of 123 small sur-face ships compared to only 40 for the United States of America. With large surface ships, it was 20 to 79, then 19 to 84, and by the year 2030, as we can see, the Chinese are pro-jected to have 34 large surface ships. With regard to aircraft carriers, as I pointed out, they were not in that game at all in 2000. They delivered their first last year, and they are pro-jected to go to four by the year 2013. It all adds up to 260—a 260-ship fleet for China and only 199 for the United States unless we act, and act respon-sibly, in response to what the Navy and the Marine Corps and the best military minds in the Pentagon are telling us, and I hope we will do that. An increasingly aggressive Russia is also modernizing. The Kremlin is pour-ing money into new attack and nuclear ballistic missile submarines. Russian submarine patrols have doubled, and those patrols are stretching closer to the U.S. homeland. The Russian Navy’s operating areas have expanded to in-clude regular operations in the Baltic, Black, Mediterranean, and Caspian Seas. Russia is also exploiting new op-portunities in the Arctic by building naval bases in the High North. So both China and Russia are invest-ing heavily in their fleets and in new ballistic and cruise missiles that can target U.S. naval forces. And, of course, we need to turn to the subject matter of North Korea. Kim Jong Un will stop at nothing to develop a nuclear weapon that can strike our allies and that can strike deployed U.S. forces and eventually our homeland. A nuclear ballistic submarine would es-sentially make North Korea imper-vious to threats of preemption. North Korea is building fortified submarine bunkers and began testing submarine- launched ballistic missiles within the last year. Iran is another rogue state devel-oping a massive fleet of fast attack boats and mini-submarines to deny the free passage of ships through the vital Strait of Hormuz. Naval competition is a fact. China, Russia, North Korea, and Iran have clearly been building up the size and the sophistication of their fleets. The Chief of Naval Operations has a word to describe the pace of competition, and that word is ‘‘exponential.’’ The CNO puts it this way: 
Time is an unforgiving characteristic of the maritime [environment]. Things are moving faster, including our competitors. 
So let’s start competing again. Build-ing a larger fleet is a national project. It will require sustained commitment by the President, the Congress, and the Department of Defense. As chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee, I intend to begin laying a firm foundation this year for a significant buildup in the fu-ture, and I hope my colleagues will join me. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS FOR THE VICTIMS OF  
THE CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE  
SHOOTING  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to start this afternoon with a reflection on what happened yesterday. We are thinking today of the individuals who were hurt in the attack during the baseball practice in Virginia, and, of course, we are praying for those who were injured. I will list them. Many of the names we already know, but it is important to list them. Of course, Representative S
TEVE SCA-
LISE from the State of Louisiana—we are thinking of his family and praying for them, and we hope for his speedy recovery. Matt Mika, who works for Tyson Foods, was also a shooting vic-tim like Representative S
CALISE . Zack Barth, who works for Congressman R
OGER WILLIAMS , was a shooting vic-tim, and Special Agent Crystal Griner, of course, of the Capitol Police, who ex-hibited such courage in the line of duty. We are thinking of Crystal at this time as well. We know there were individuals in-jured at the scene, including Special Agent David Bailey of the Capitol Po-lice, who was not shot, apparently, but suffered an injury and was released from the hospital. We are happy to hear he has been released. Representa-tive R
OGER WILLIAMS , who was hurt at the scene as well—not a shooting vic-tim but hurt—and, of course, two of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.024 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3532 June 15, 2017 
our colleagues were there at the time, Senator R
AND PAULand Senator J EFF F
LAKE . We are thankful they were not injured in any way. On these days, we come together as a family to remember those who have been the victims, and we are thinking of them and their families and praying for them. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the healthcare debate and in par-ticular not just the issue of healthcare but the effort underway by Senate Re-publicans in their attempts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. I have grave concerns about the sub-stance of the legislation—what we know about it. It has been kind of a se-cret process. We don’t know a lot, but we have some general sense of where they are headed. I also have grave con-cern about the lack of transparency employed by the Republican majority around the development of this healthcare plan. Like millions of Americans, I oppose this secretive process—and I have to say it is a partisan process as well— that could result in major legislation that would harm children who will lose their healthcare, especially by way of the cuts to Medicaid. It could harm in-dividuals with disabilities—and by one recent estimate in Pennsylvania, that means over 720,000 Pennsylvanians with a disability who rely upon Med-icaid; and, of course, seniors—a lot of seniors across the country cannot get into a nursing home absent the full support of the Medicaid Program, and we are concerned about them as well; and finally, middle-class families who may not be able to afford healthcare if the House bill were to become law or a substantially similar bill passed by the Senate. In 2009, the legislation passed the Senate after a yearlong, open process that included a total of 44 bipartisan hearings, roundtables, and summits. That was in the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, of which I was a member at the time and remember well those hours and hours and days and days of hearings. The Committee on Finance at that time also had many hearings over many months. This whole process by two committees led to the consideration of some 435 amendments offered by both parties, majority and minority, and a full debate on the Senate floor that lasted over 25 consecutive days. In fact, a number of Republican Senators were able to offer and get a vote on their amendments, some of which passed and became part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Yet, in the last 5 months, there have been no Senate hearings on this pro-posed legislation, no hearings on the House proposal, and certainly no hear-ings on what is being developed here in the Senate. If that is the case—if that remains the case over the next couple of days and weeks—then I believe we should institute a very basic rule: If you have no hearings, you have no vote. In other words, you can’t have a vote on the Senate floor on a bill that will affect so many tens of millions of Americans and will change dramati-cally and, I would argue, adversely, to the detriment of a lot of people, our healthcare system. I hope the majority will agree with that—that if you don’t have a hearing, you shouldn’t have a vote on the Senate floor. There have been no relevant bills considered in executive session by any of the committees of jurisdiction. Every indication is that the Repub-lican majority will jam this legislation through with minimal opportunity for debate. This is unacceptable to me, but I also believe it is unacceptable to peo-ple across the country in both parties. We know, for example, the reason—or one of the many reasons—folks would want a hearing before a vote, and that is because we are getting a sense of what the substance is. Just to give one example, I won’t enter this whole re-port into the R
ECORD , but I am holding a full copy of the Congressional Budget Office cost estimate. This estimate is dated, May 24, 2017, analyzing H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. This is the bill which passed the House. Page 17 of the CBO report says: 
Medicaid enrollment would be lower throughout the coming decade, culminating in 14 million fewer Medicaid enrollees by 2026, a reduction of about 17 percent relative to the number under current law. 
That is quoted directly from page 17 of the CBO report, that over the dec-ade, 14 million people will lose their Medicaid coverage. I know some here and across the city who were commenting on this legisla-tion—either members of the adminis-tration, Members of Congress, or other-wise—are refuting this, but I think when you have a Congressional Budget Office report which is an independent entity that both parties have relied upon—and it is not only the CBO. This is a report authored by not just the Congressional Budget Office but also the Joint Committee on Taxation. So 14 million fewer people on Med-icaid—why is that relevant to the Sen-ate debate if the CBO report was ana-lyzing the House bill? Here is what one think tank, which has analyzed healthcare policy for years, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities—they put forth a report this Monday, June 12. In that report of just a couple of pages, they had a chart—I am holding it. I do not expect people to see it, but here is what it says. It has four col-umns. The first column has the major provisions of the House bill; and then what are likely, based upon reporting and information we can ascertain so far, major provisions of the House bill; what happens if the House bill passes; and then major provisions of the Sen-ate bill. There is a section entitled ‘‘Medicaid Expansion.’’ When the Center on Budg-et and Policy Priorities analyzed and compared the House bill to what we know so far about the Senate bill being proposed or at least the development of it, basically the Center on Budget says there is no long-term impact on any re-ported changes from one bill to the other. The Medicaid per capita cap— another very disturbing development that is being considered—when they compare the Senate bill to the House bill, they say no major changes. So we are very concerned about what happens to Medicaid. I am very con-cerned because of the 1.1 million chil-dren in Pennsylvania, the disability number I mentioned before of over 722,000 people with disabilities who get Medicaid, and of course the seniors who depend upon Medicaid. So we are con-cerned about the elimination, even over time, of the Medicaid expansion. We are also concerned about the Med-icaid Program itself. In addition to those numbers, I want to highlight a few individual stories of people to get a sense of what is at stake when it comes to this bill and when it comes to Medicaid. This past Friday, I met with German Parodi from Philadelphia. Here is his story: In 2001, he was a victim of a carjacking and was shot in the neck, leaving him paralyzed and unable to use his legs and having limited use of his arms. He was nursed back to health by his grandmother and has worked for the past 16 years to be a full citizen, going to school, working, owning his home, now caring for his grandmother who once cared for him. German, who now uses a wheelchair to get around, has worked to achieve what every American wants—to be a successful student, to own a home, and to care for his family. He can do this because of his knowledge, skills, and persever-ance, and he has been able to achieve these goals because he gets direct care services paid for by Medicaid. His di-rect care professional helps him get out of bed in the morning, get showered, dressed, breakfast, and get to work. Medicaid and the services it provides makes it possible for him to use his skills to be successful. German told me that without Med-icaid, ‘‘I would end up having to live in an institution. This would dramati-cally affect my life and my grand-mother’s life.’’ While talking with me, he said: ‘‘Please do everything in your power to protect my life and the lives of mil-lions like me.’’ I am short on time but here is an-other example. Latoya Maddox, whom I met at the same meeting, is from the Germantown section of Philadelphia. She was born with arthrogryposis mul-tiplex congenital, a disability that lim-its the use of her limbs. Latoya also uses a wheelchair to get around, in-cluding getting to school and getting to work. She is smart, energetic, and the mother of a soon-to-be 6-year-old. She is now a junior at West Chester University working on her bachelor’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.026 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3533 June 15, 2017 
degree in social work and works part time at Liberty Resources, Incor-porated, one of Pennsylvania’s inde-pendent living centers. Like German, Latoya is a successful young professional because she works hard and takes advantage of the oppor-tunities presented to her. She has sup-port from Medicaid in the form of di-rect support professionals who help her with her daily tasks. Without Med-icaid, the wheelchair and other medical equipment she needs and her direct care workers, Latoya would not be able to work, attend school, and care for her son. While I was talking with Latoya, she told me: ‘‘Medicaid makes it possible for me to live a regular, full, produc-tive life, to be a parent, to go to school, and to be a reliable employee.’’ While talking with her, it was clear that Latoya was proud of her son and proud to be his mother. She was clear that the support she receives from Medicaid makes it possible for her to be that proud parent. She closed her remarks by saying that Medicaid ‘‘makes it possible for me to be me.’’ My last example is Karen Stauffer. Karen Stauffer is from Bucks County, PA. She is a small business owner. She operates the River of Life Natural Foods store. Karen purchased her healthcare policy from the Pennsyl-vania Affordable Care Act exchange. She said to me that prior to the pas-sage of the ACA, she saw her healthcare premiums increase from $300 a month in the late 1990s to $1,300 in the mid-2000s. She said to me that because of preexisting conditions such as high blood pressure and a long bout of Lyme disease, she was worried she would lose her healthcare. She said passage of the ACA was both an emo-tional and financial relief for her. Her premiums were reduced to $500 a month after being as high as $1,300, and she knew she had the protection of the law when it came to nondiscrimination be-cause of her preexisting conditions. As she spoke, she shared her fears from what she has been hearing about the House bill and what might come out of the Senate; that, at 61 years of age, her premiums could be five times that of younger policyholders and that the meager subsidies proposed by the Republican majority would make healthcare unaffordable for her. She said to me: I am frankly terrified about what could happen to me in the next 4 years. My income has gone down, I have preexisting conditions, and in-stead of making adjustments and im-provements to the ACA, legislators are causing insurers to become concerned about the future. Karen was distraught when talking about the future and reminded me that ‘‘we all could be one accident or illness away from disaster.’’ That is what Karen said. So German, Karen, and Latoya, I think, give us a lot to think about. I hope the majority, when they are mak-ing the final edits to their bill, will make sure that any American with Medicaid, for example, who has it now—a child who comes from a low-in-come family, an adult or child with a disability or a senior trying to get into a nursing home—if they have Medicaid today and need it in the future, that there would be a guarantee that they don’t lose their Medicaid, that they don’t lose it this year or 5 years from now or 10 years from now, or longer. Stretching it out over many years and eliminating that coverage year after year, a little bit each year, is going to be just as bad in the long run. I hope the majority would think of those families and the families in their own States when they are considering healthcare legislation in the Senate. We should have a vote only if there is a hearing on this legislation or, frank-ly, more than one hearing to consider something this complicated. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
PRAYERS FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE  
CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL PRACTICE SHOOTING  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, yes-terday we had a horrific tragedy here in the capital area. I know I speak for all of my colleagues who are holding the victims of that attack in their hearts and in their prayers: Congress-man S
TEVE SCALISE , still in critical condition; Zack Barth, legislative cor-respondent who works for Congressman W
ILLIAMS of Texas, who was injured; Matt Mika of Tyson’s Foods, who rep-resents them here on the Hill; and two of our police officers, David Bailey and Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Po-lice. Without those two police officers present, this could have been a much more tragic event. We have to reinforce the under-standing that we are blessed to have the opportunity to raise our voices in our democratic Republic. We are able to raise them by speaking to our mem-bers who are elected in local and State and Federal Government, by writing to them, by meeting with them in town-halls. In my State, you can call them up, and they will sit down with you in a cafe. We have an opportunity to weigh in through writing letters to the editor, by protesting in the streets, by overflowing the email lines and flood-ing the phone lines. We have all kinds of ways to weigh in, in America, but vi-olence is absolutely unacceptable. We have to try to diminish and eliminate the hate speech, which so often be-comes the foundation for hate violence. We have had a very divisive 18 months here in America, where various folks have sought to increase the divi-sions between groups of Americans, to attack women, to attack African Americans, to attack Hispanics, to at-tack Muslims, to attack LGBT citi-zens. We need to eliminate that strat-egy of division. Here, in America, we are a tapestry of talents from all over the world, of different cultural backgrounds who come together to make this Nation in-credibly strong. Unless you are 100 per-cent Native American, you are either an immigrant yourself or the son or daughter of immigrants. We bring that diversity to bear and we make this Na-tion powerful in ways few other na-tions could even come close to having. Let’s take this as a moment in which we seek to encourage public participa-tion in all the legitimate forms of free speech but put hate speech out of bounds and hate violence out of bounds. HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, it is ironic that this conversation takes place at a moment where we really have a unique process underway designed to limit political discourse. Everything I am saying about participation assumes you will have a chance to weigh in, whether you are elected or whether you are a cit-izen. We have a process in the Senate that is designed to prevent the citizens of America from weighing in and to pre-vent debate by the Members of the Sen-ate. That is not acceptable. It is not acceptable that in a ‘‘we the people’’ constitutional republic, a democratic republic designed to facilitate con-versation and dialogue to produce deci-sions that reflect the will of the people, that work for all Americans—instead, we have a secretive process, more the type of process you would expect in a kingdom where the King and the coun-selors hide themselves away, with no public input, and make decisions for the masses. That is not the design of our government. Our government is de-signed for public input. Here is a phrase that should reso-nate: no public input, no vote; no hear-ing, no vote. I am speaking specifically about the dialogue on TrumpCare. TrumpCare, which was passed by just a few votes in the House and came to the Senate, doesn’t reflect a process of the people, by the people, and for the people. In fact, it is by the privileged, for the privileged, and by the privileged. The House deliberately excluded the public. They had their own consoli-dated, confined process to make sure it was difficult to have a full debate and an amendment process, for folks to weigh in and consider alternatives and improvements. Here we are in the Senate, and it is even worse because we have the secret 13 crafting a plan, planning and plot-ting to bring it to the floor of the Sen-ate probably 2 weeks from today in order to hold a vote, with only a few hours of debate and no committee proc-ess of any kind—not a single com-mittee hearing, not a single committee opportunity to consider amendments— and no chance for the public to get a copy and read through it and weigh in with their Members of the Senate. There is no chance for healthcare stakeholders and experts to examine it and point out the difficulties and the flaws. What I think is most egregious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.027 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3534 June 15, 2017 
of all is the complete exclusion of the United States of America. It is unac-ceptable. I was fascinated by the fact that the majority decided to have this secret 13 committee. Thirteen is considered to be an unlucky number by much of America—Friday the 13th or buildings that don’t have a 13th floor. In this case, I hope that having 13 Members meet in secret is unlucky; that is, un-lucky in terms of trying to fulfill their mission of passing a bill with no input by the public. Last week, the majority leader start-ed the process to make this happen without a committee. It is called the rule XIV process. It is a process de-signed to bring up a healthcare bill that would rip healthcare coverage from millions of Americans and, by the way, give away billions of dollars to the richest Americans, all in the same bill, straight to the Senate floor with-out a committee being involved—not the Finance Committee, which cer-tainly has many elements related to the financing of healthcare in America, and not the HELP Committee, which has Members of both parties who have worked for years to develop expertise and consult with stakeholders to un-derstand what works and what doesn’t work, and they benefit from each oth-er’s input. I was part of the HELP Committee in 2009. For 5 weeks we sat in a room with a television camera operating so the public could see what we were doing, and we proposed amendments and de-bated them around this big square set of tables. There was full public scru-tiny. There was 5 weeks of bipartisan dialogue about what should go in healthcare. That was 2009. The Finance Committee had a very similar process. But now we have a different objective by the majority leader wanting to bring this bill with no Finance Com-mittee involvement, no HELP Com-mittee involvement, and no citizen in-volvement. In fact, there is no chance for Senators who aren’t in the secret circle to participate and see the bill and hold townhalls and ask people what they think of this. I do a lot of townhalls. I am doing a couple more this weekend. I have had 20 townhalls this year. I have had a townhall an average of every 10 days since I was elected in 2000 and came to the Senate in 2009. I am going to keep holding these townhalls. I know that my citizens would like to see this bill and be able to go through the elements and give me feedback on what makes sense and what doesn’t. That is a ‘‘we the people’’ democratic republic. This secrecy strategy—that is not. That is not. That is a strategy for nonconstitutional governments. That is a strategy for dictators. That is a strategy for Kings and Queens. That is a strategy for people who hate democ-racy. Let’s not have that process in the United States. Let’s have colleagues from both sides of the aisle go to the leadership and say: This is unaccept-able. I want my citizens to have a chance to see this bill. I want to ben-efit from talking to the hospitals in my community and my State and get their feedback. I want to talk to the healthcare clinics and get their feed-back. I want to talk to the doctors and find out what they think. I want to hear from the nurses because they are so respected in their understanding of the direct delivery of healthcare. That is what every Member of the Senate should be saying to our major-ity leader. This process of secrecy, no debate, and the public being excluded is totally unacceptable. Why is this process going on? In fact, earlier today, the secret 13 went into a room off a hallway where the press is not allowed so they couldn’t be seen coming and going from the room. When they were coming and going from the room, they couldn’t be talked to by the press. Why all this secrecy? It boils down to this: They know the American people don’t like what is in this bill. They are terrified of getting that feed-back. If they get that feedback, they might lose a majority in passing this bill. How much public support is there for the TrumpCare bill? Just 21 percent, according to a recent Quinnipiac poll. That is not very much support for it. Even President Trump said TrumpCare is terrible. He said it this way: That bill from the House is ‘‘mean.’’ That was his exact quote, that it is ‘‘mean.’’ Then he used another phrase, which I won’t repeat on the floor of the Senate, to say just how ab-solutely awful that bill is. Today in committee, I asked the Sec-retary of Health, Tom Price: Do you share, as Secretary of Health, the President’s opinion that his own bill, his own TrumpCare bill passed out of the House, is an absolutely terrible bill, a mean bill? He didn’t want to answer the ques-tion. Certainly, I found that curious, that the Secretary of Health will not tell us whether he shares the Presi-dent’s opinion. Then I asked him: Why did the Presi-dent call it a mean bill? Is it because it throws 20 million people out of healthcare? The Secretary didn’t want to answer. Did the President say it was a mean bill because it eliminates the guar-antee of essential health benefits so that an insurance policy is, in fact, in-suring you when you get sick rather than perhaps not even being worth the paper it is printed on? There were a lot of healthcare insur-ance policies before we had an essential care package, essential benefits pack-age. You paid the insurance company, but when you got sick, they didn’t cover anything. Those policies weren’t worth the paper they were printed on. So I asked the Secretary of Health: Is that the reason the President said this is a mean process or a mean bill? Is that the reason he described this bill in terms that I won’t repeat on the floor? The Secretary of Health wasn’t inter-ested in relaying or giving insights into why the President said it was a mean bill. I asked: Is it because the bill de-stroys the guarantee that if you have preexisting conditions, you can still get a policy at the same price as every-one else? Again, there was no answer. I said: Or is it a mean bill because if you are an older American, you have to pay perhaps up to eight times more for the same policy as you pay under cur-rent law? You know, an individual who is 64 years old, a man who is earning $26,500 a year, currently that individual would pay about $140 a month for a policy under current law. The same policy under TrumpCare would cost $1,200 a month. Is there anyone in this Senate Chamber who thinks an individual earning $26,500 a year can afford a healthcare policy that costs $1,200 a month? Let me translate this. If you are earning $26,000 a year, you are earning a little over $2,000 a month. Is there anyone in this Chamber who believes— please come to the floor and tell us if you do—that individual can buy a healthcare policy costing $1,200 a month? Is there anyone who thinks it is an egregious mistake to use high pricing to force older Americans out of our healthcare system? I believe in treating our citizens of all ages gra-ciously, not forcing them out of healthcare through an eightfold in-crease in their premiums. Is that the reason the President said that this healthcare bill, this TrumpCare bill from the House, is a mean bill and spoke of it in derogatory terms? The TrumpCare bill isn’t even pop-ular in the President’s own party. Just 48 percent of Republicans surveyed in the same poll supported President Trump and Speaker R
YAN’s healthcare plan. But when asked if they like the current healthcare plan, 55 percent said they do. Right now, regular order, the regular legislative, deliberative process that makes sure there is a full debate before a significant bill comes to a vote, that makes sure there is significant and substantial time for the citizens of America to weigh in, that regular order or regular process is being run over by a steamroller. It is being crushed. It is being demolished. Why would my col-leagues support destroying the funda-mental principles of legislative debate? I would love to hear the answer. Per-haps it is because, like President Trump said, the bill is mean. Perhaps it is because it is extremely unpopular with the American people, who believe there should be affordable, quality healthcare available to every single American. We have heard that the secret 13 have a plan to sweeten the bill, a little spoonful of sugar to make the medicine go down. What is that plan? Well, we are hearing that maybe they will put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.029 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3535 June 15, 2017 
in extra funds to help take on the opioid addiction epidemic. That is a good thing. Why have they fought so hard against supporting such programs to help Americans on this crucial ques-tion? We have heard they want to slow down the process of throwing people off healthcare so it will not hurt them in the 2018 elections and maybe not even hurt them so much in the 2020 elec-tions. But if you are destroying some-thing piece by piece, you are still de-stroying it. If you are cooking a lobster and you turn up the heat fast or you turn up the heat slowly, you still kill the lobster. And this bill is still going to kill healthcare for millions of Amer-icans. Doing it more slowly doesn’t make it a good thing. Putting in a spoonful of sugar doesn’t make a dia-bolical act better. Franklin Roosevelt once said: 
Let us never forget that government is ourselves. 
And he continued: 
The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and Senators and Congress-men and Government officials but the voters of this country. 
And isn’t that what ‘‘we the people’’ means—government of, by, and for the people? But nowhere in the Republican secret 13 process can the voices of the people of the United States be heard. How about if one of the 13 comes to the floor now and distributes the bill? I mean we should have weeks to consider this. We should have maybe a month to consider it. We had a whole year of process in 2009. Wouldn’t that be the right thing to do, to clue in folks about what is in this bill so we can get the stakeholders engaged and the citizens engaged and hold those townhalls and get that feed-back? Wouldn’t that be the right thing to do? Well, unfortunately, we are still waiting. We are still paused, saying: Please, bring the bill to the floor. Dis-tribute it. Maybe it is not your final draft, but that is OK. We had draft after draft after draft of the healthcare bill in 2009. We had, in the Senate Finance Committee, 53 hearings on healthcare reform. They spent 8 days marking up their version of the ACA—the committee’s longest markup in 22 years. During those 8 days, 135 amendments were consid-ered—amendments from both Repub-licans and Democrats. Then, there was the HELP Committee, which I served on, and it held 47 bipartisan hearings, roundtables, and walkthroughs. There were 300 amendments during a month- long markup—one of the longest in the history of Congress. More than 100 Re-publican amendments, minority amendments, were accepted into the committee’s version of healthcare re-form. Right here in this Chamber, we spent 25 days considering the bill before we voted—25 days considering a lot of floor amendments, a lot of floor time. Is there a single member of the major-ity party who will commit to having at least 25 days of debate on the floor of the Senate so we can get a full vetting of the issues, so we can get full input by the citizens of the United States of America? Well, I am concerned that we are not on the path that values the construc-tion of our government, our constitu-tional ‘‘we the people’’ government. I am concerned and afraid we are on a path where powerful special interests meeting secretly with 13 Members of the Senate are crafting a bill that is great for the powerful and the privi-leged but in fact is terrible for Ameri-cans, and that is why they are so afraid to show us the bill. So this is unacceptable, and we need the citizens of America to pay atten-tion because why is this happening right now? Well, because the fact that this secret process is going on, it can be camouflaged by all the conversation about Russiagate—how much did the Russians interfere in our elections, and what about all those secret meetings by members of the campaign team, were they coordinating or collabo-rating? We don’t know the answer, but that question is central to whether there was treasonous conduct under-mining the integrity of our elections. So let’s do this now, the secret healthcare plan, with no debate while America is trying to fight for the fair-ness and integrity of our elections. Let’s do it now when schools are out of session and we are in summer and peo-ple are on vacation. Let’s sneak it through now, this act that strips healthcare for millions of Americans. Here is the principle we should come back to: No hearing; no vote. No hear-ing; no vote. No vote on a piece of leg-islation that affects the lives of mil-lions of American families if we haven’t had due deliberation by the key committees. No vote on a bill that destroys healthcare for millions of families if we haven’t had the chance to consult with the experts in healthcare—the nurses, doctors, hos-pitals, and clinics. No hearing; no vote. No vote if we haven’t had a full chance for the citi-zens of America to weigh in, to see the full details, and say what they like and what they don’t like and share that with their respective Senators. On an issue of this magnitude, one that will affect the peace of mind and the health of millions of Americans, we need a full, thorough legislative process. The choices that are made in this Chamber over the next few weeks will have a big impact on the quality of life of millions of American citizens. A pro-vision that eliminates Medicaid expan-sion, the Oregon health plan expansion in my State, whether it is implemented slowly or implemented fast is going to rip healthcare from 400,000 Oregonians. That is enough Oregonians that if they were holding hands, they would stretch from the Pacific Ocean to Idaho, 400 miles across the State. That is a pro-found impact. In addition, those folks who are going to the clinics and hospitals who don’t have healthcare, they will not be able to pay for it. So the finances of the clinics and the hospitals will be dramatically hurt. I asked Secretary Price today: Is that the reason the President said the TrumpCare bill out of the House is a mean bill? Is that the reason he used a derogatory phrase to attack the TrumpCare bill out of the House? Is it because of the fact it will undermine the finances of the clinics and the hospitals. He said: You know, I don’t accept the premise that will happen. Well, covering your eyes and cov-ering your ears and pretending, on such an important issue, is not a responsible act by a Secretary of Health. The clin-ics have been coming to us and saying this is how our finances improved when our citizens were able to pay for the services because our rate of uncompen-sated care dropped dramatically and, with that income, we hired a lot more people. I have a clinic in the northeast cor-ner of our State where the number of people employed, they told me, doubled from 20-something to 50-something. They are able to provide a lot more healthcare in that local, rural commu-nity, and that is true in clinic after clinic after clinic. If one would take their hands off their ears or off from in front of their eyes and listen to the presidents or the executive directors of rural hospitals, they would hear them say: This will really hurt us. This will hurt, not just our ability to provide care to those who will not have insurance, it will hurt our finances. It will diminish our care for everyone in this rural commu-nity. Everyone will be hurt by TrumpCare. Is that what the President meant when he said this bill is mean? Well, if that is what he meant, if what he meant is it is mean because it rips healthcare from 20 million Americans, then I agree with the President. If when the President criticizes the TrumpCare bill as being mean, if he meant that because it was going to de-stroy the guarantee of access by folks with preexisting conditions, then I agree with him. If he said it because it will destroy essential benefits and allow there to be insurance policies that aren’t worth the paper they are written on, then I agree with the Presi-dent. If it does, it is going to greatly in-crease the cost of insurance for older Americans, up to eightfold times. If that is why the President said it is mean, I agree with the President. The President should weigh in and say: No secret process on a bill so im-portant to the healthcare of millions of Americans. President Trump should weigh in and say: I don’t want a bill that looks anything like that House bill because it is defective in this area, in this area, and in this area, hurting everybody in the communities, under-mining the clinics, undermining the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.030 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3536 June 15, 2017 
hospitals, destroying insurance, de-stroying the opportunity of access for preexisting conditions, and ripping away the guarantee that essential ben-efits will be covered. That is what the President should do. He thinks the bill is terrible because he finally looked at it. Well, he is going to think the bill crafted by the secret 13 is terrible too. He has a chance to stand up and fight for the American people and say: I will never sign a bill that goes through a secret process that excluded the insights from our rural hospitals, insights from our rural clinics, insights from our nurses, and insights from our doctors. I will never sign a bill in the Oval Office that excluded the American people from being allowed to weigh in on the con-versation. I will never sign a major bill that hurts so many people in my Oval Office if it never had a committee hear-ing and never had amendments, never had a chance to go through the legisla-tive process the way envisioned in our ‘‘we the people’’ Constitution. That would be the right thing for President Trump to do. He has recognized the bill is pro-foundly flawed. He has a chance to— not only a flawed bill but a profoundly, unacceptable process in our constitu-tional democratic Republic. Former Chief Justice Hughes said: We are here not as masters but as serv-ants, not to glory in power, but to at-test our loyalty to the commands and restrictions laid down by the people of the United States in whose name and by whose will we exercise our brief au-thority. Each one of us is here for a short pe-riod of time, but we take our constitu-tional roles as Senators from the foun-dation of the power of the American people, the ‘‘we the people’’ Constitu-tion. To exclude them from the process is to violate the very premise on which our Nation is founded. So we have to stop this process. We have to stop it in its tracks. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican, whether you come from a rural State or a highly populated State, it is a re-sponsibility to stop this process, return to regular legislative deliberation so that we can, in fact, have a ‘‘we the people’’ conversation, fully honoring the experts and the feedback from ordi-nary citizens across our Nation. No hearing, no legislative delibera-tion, no vote. No hearing; no vote. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from South Da-kota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, once again, we have more bad news about ObamaCare. Last week, Anthem an-nounced it will pull out of Ohio’s health insurance exchange for 2018. That means that a minimum of 18 Ohio counties will be without an exchange insurer next year. Twenty-five Mis-souri counties are in the same boat, and more Americans are likely to find themselves in the same situation. On June 2, the Omaha World-Herald announced that 100,000 Nebraskans could end up with zero options for indi-vidual coverage in 2018. Insurers have been pulling out of the exchanges right and left. In February, Humana announced its decision to completely pull out of the exchanges for 2018. Three months later, Aetna, which had already sharply re-duced its exchange participation in 2017, also confirmed it would pull out completely in 2018. In 2016, 7 percent of U.S. counties had just one choice of insurer on their healthcare exchange. In 2017, this year, roughly one-third of U.S. counties have just one choice of insurer. Based upon the information available so far, the New York Times is currently esti-mating that about 45 percent of U.S. counties will have one or no insurer next year. One thing is for sure, Mr. President, Americans are facing fewer and fewer health insurance choices, and the prices of those choices are going up. Proposed rates, proposed rate in-creases for 2018 are emerging, and once again they are not looking good. Some of the average rate hikes facing Ameri-cans around the country include 17.2 percent, 33.8 percent, 30 percent, 45 per-cent, 38 percent, 58.8 percent. Three weeks ago, the Department of Health and Human Services released a report comparing the average indi-vidual market insurance premium in 2013, which is the year that most of ObamaCare’s regulations and mandates were implemented, with the average individual market exchange premium in 2017 in the 39 States that use healthcare.gov. What they found is that between 2013 and 2017, the average individual market monthly premium in the healthcare.gov States increased by 105 percent—105 percent. In other words, on average, indi-vidual market premiums more than doubled in just 5 years. That is from HHS in their report that just came out in the last couple of weeks. Three States saw their premiums triple over the same period—triple in just 5 years. I don’t know too many families who can afford to have their premiums tri-ple over 5 years. What we know is that the ObamaCare status quo is unaccept-able, and it is unsustainable. More than one insurance CEO has suggested that ObamaCare is in a death spiral, and it is pretty hard to disagree. Combine soaring premiums with a steady insurer exodus, and sooner or later we get a partial or complete ex-change collapse, which is what we are facing today, not to mention all the other ObamaCare problems, such as the deductibles that are so high that some-times people can’t actually afford to use their healthcare plans or narrow plan networks with few provider choices. We have higher premiums, higher deductibles, higher costs, fewer options, fewer choices. Republicans are currently working on legislation to help Americans strug-gling under ObamaCare. My colleagues in the House made a good start, and in the Senate we are working to build on the bill they passed. We are committed to helping Ameri-cans trapped on the ObamaCare ex-changes. We are committed to address-ing ObamaCare’s skyrocketing pre-mium increases. We are committed to preserving access to care for Americans with preexisting conditions, and we are committed to making Medicaid more sustainable by giving States greater flexibility while ensuring those who rely on this program don’t have the rug pulled out from under them. We need to make healthcare more affordable, more personal, more flexible, and less bureaucratic. My colleague from Oregon was just talking about the complaints they have about the healthcare process, the discussions that are going on, and how much pain, if this passes, it is going to cause the American people. I can tell you one thing: Today, it is pretty darn painful for families I have talked to in my State of South Dakota, hard-work-ing farm and ranch families who are having to pay $2,000 a month, $24,000 a year for insurance coverage—in some cases with $5,000 deductibles, assuming they can even afford to use that expen-sive policy by being able to cover the deductible. There are people across this country who are hurting because of this failed healthcare insurance pro-gram. It is high time for us to fix it. I believe the American people want to see Congress act in a way that will make healthcare insurance more af-fordable to them, more personal, so that they will have more choices, greater options, and more competition that will help bring those premiums down to a more reasonable level. They need to have more than one choice. When 45 percent of the counties in America have one choice or no options on the exchanges, that is an unaccept-able situation and one that we have to fix. COUNTERING IRAN ’S DESTABILIZING ACTIVITIES  
BILL 
Mr. President, I also want to take a few minutes today to discuss the na-tional security bill the Senate just passed, the Countering Iran’s Desta-bilizing Activities Act. I hardly need to recite the long list of Iranian activities that make this coun-try a clear and present danger to peace and stability in the Middle East and outside it. Iran remains the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. It engages in systematic human rights abuses from torture to the targeting of religious minorities. Of course, Iran has long provided critical support to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is perhaps most notable for the re-peated use of chemical weapons on his own people. The fact that Assad still remains in power after the long list of atrocities his regime has committed is due in no small part to the support that Iran has provided. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.032 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3537 June 15, 2017 
In addition to propping up Assad’s reign of terror, Iran also provides sup-port to the Houthi rebels in Yemen. Secretary of Defense James Mattis re-cently noted: ‘‘We see Iranian-supplied missiles being fired by the Houthis into Saudi Arabia.’’ Well, providing these missiles puts Iran in violation of at least two U.N. Security Council resolutions—not that Iran appears to care. In fact, violating U.N. Security Council resolutions and international law is common practice for the Iranian Government, whether it involves supplying missiles to the Houthis or increasing Iran’s own stock-piles. When it is not violating the letter of the law, Iran is also happy to violate the spirit of international agreements. After the misguided Iran deal went into effect, Iran resumed ballistic mis-sile testing, even though the U.N. Se-curity Council resolution endorsing the nuclear deal called upon Iran not to en-gage in these activities. Most recently, Iran unsuccessfully tested a submarine missile in the Strait of Hormuz in May, following ground-based missile testing in Janu-ary and March. Many of those missiles have a range to reach targets, not only throughout the Middle East but out-side it. Under the last administration, Ira-nian belligerence was too often ignored or even rewarded. That needs to end now. We cannot afford to let Iran con-tinue to destabilize the Middle East. We need to make it clear that the United States and its new leadership will not tolerate Iranian aggression and the terrible human suffering that has resulted. We need to assure our allies—espe-cially Israel, our closest and most reli-able ally in the Middle East—that we are committed to standing with them against Iranian threats. The Coun-tering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act will send a clear signal to Iran that the United States and its new leader-ship are serious about cracking down on Iranian misconduct. This bill will sanction individuals in-volved in Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram or any other program designed to deliver weapons of mass destruction. It will sanction individuals who con-tribute to Iranian violations of arms embargoes. It will allow the President to impose sanctions on individuals who have perpetrated human rights viola-tions against human rights crusaders in Iran. Perhaps most importantly, this legislation identifies and will hold accountable the entire Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, not just the Quds Force, for its role in imple-menting Iran’s destabilizing agenda. There is no easy solution to the un-rest and violence in the Middle East, but this bill offers one commonsense step forward. Yesterday the Senate passed an amendment to this bill imposing addi-tional sanctions against another coun-try stirring up unrest in the Middle East, and that is Russia. Russia’s in-creasing boldness on the international stage is a natural consequence of the Obama administration’s passive for-eign policy. From annexing Crimea to supporting the murderous Assad re-gime in Syria, to meddling in elec-tions, we cannot allow this level of Russian aggression to go unchallenged. The Russia sanctions amendment codifies and strengthens existing Rus-sia sanctions and imposes a number of new ones. Human rights abusers, indi-viduals supplying weapons to Assad’s regime, hackers acting on behalf of the Russian Government, and Russians in-volved in corruption are all sanctioned in this amendment. I am grateful to Senators C
ORKER and C
RAPO , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and the chairman of the Banking Committee, for all the work they have done on this bill and on the Russia sanctions amendment. It was a bipartisan bill. Our colleagues on the other side, the Senator from Mary-land and others, were involved in crafting this legislation, and it is a demonstration that this body can come together and do consequential things. These are two big national security and foreign policy measures that we have moved today. There have to be consequences for Iranian and Russian aggression, and this legislation makes sure there will be. I am pleased that it moved today with largely bipartisan support in the U.S. Senate because it will send a clear message. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
MINORITY HEALTH  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, April was National Minority Health Month. I point that out because I have worked with many of my colleagues in order to advance minority health. We have done some very important things in recent years that I am very proud of, and many of those are in-cluded in the Affordable Care Act. I know that Senator C
ARPER and Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL will be on the floor; Senator C
ARPER is here now. They have been instrumental in advancing quality healthcare for all Americans, but we do recognize that we have a special role in regard to historic discrimination on minority health. I was pleased that the Affordable Care Act included the Na-tional Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities so that we could have a focal point at NIH to deal with the historic problems and have a game plan to advance that. I was also pleased that the Affordable Care Act provided coverage for minori-ties in greater numbers because when we looked at the number of uninsured, the number of minorities were a much higher percentage than the general population of uninsured. When we looked at inadequate coverage, we saw the same numbers. So we have made advancements. In April, historically, I had filed a resolution in order to acknowledge the progress we made and to continue our commitment to make sure that all Americans have access to affordable, quality healthcare and that we do not discriminate. That resolution had al-ways cleared without any difficulty until 2017. For reasons I cannot ex-plain, there were Republican objec-tions, and we were not able to adopt the resolution commemorating minor-ity health month. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of that resolution be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Promoting minority health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2017, which include bringing attention to the health dis-parities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Americans, Latino Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders. Whereas the origin of National Minority Health Month is National Negro Health Week, established in 1915 by Dr. Booker T. Washington; Whereas the theme for National Minority Health Month in 2017 is ‘‘Bridging Health Eq-uity Across Communities’’; Whereas, through the National Stake-holder Strategy for Achieving Health Equity and the HHS Action Plan to Reduce Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities, the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services has set goals and strategies to advance the safety, health, and well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas a study by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, entitled ‘‘The Economic Burden of Health Inequal-ities in the United States’’, concludes that, between 2003 and 2006, the combined cost of health inequalities and premature death in the United States was $1,240,000,000,000; Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has identified 6 main cat-egories in which racial and ethnic minorities experience the most disparate access to health care and health outcomes, including infant mortality, cancer screening and man-agement, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and immunizations; Whereas, in 2012, African American women were as likely to have been diagnosed with breast cancer as non-Latina White women, but African American women were almost 40 percent more likely to die from breast can-cer than non-Latina White women; Whereas African American women are twice as likely to lose their lives to cervical cancer as non-Latina White women; Whereas African American men are 60 per-cent more likely to die from a stroke than non-Latino White men; Whereas Latinos are 1.7 times more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes by a physician, and are 40 percent more likely to die of dia-betes, than non-Latino Whites; Whereas Latino men are 3 times more like-ly to have HIV infections or AIDS than non- Latino White men; Whereas Latina women are 4 times more likely to have AIDS than non-Latina White women; Whereas, in 2014, although African Ameri-cans represented only 13 percent of the popu-lation of the United States, African Ameri-cans accounted for 43 percent of HIV infec-tions; Whereas, in 2010, African American youth accounted for an estimated 57 percent, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.034 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3538 June 15, 2017 
Latino youth accounted for an estimated 20 percent, of all new HIV infections among youth in the United States; Whereas, between 2005 and 2014, the number of Asian Americans diagnosed with HIV in-creased by nearly 70 percent; Whereas, in 2014, Native Hawaiians and Pa-cific Islanders were 1.7 times more likely to be diagnosed with HIV than non-Latino whites; Whereas Native Hawaiians living in the State of Hawaii are 5.7 times more likely to die of diabetes than non-Latino Whites living in Hawaii; Whereas Native Hawaiians and Pacific Is-landers are 30 percent more likely to be diag-nosed with cancer than non-Latino whites; Whereas, although the prevalence of obe-sity is high among all population groups in the United States, 42 percent of American In-dian and Alaskan Natives, 41 percent of Na-tive Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders, 40 per-cent of African Americans, 31 percent of Latinos, 24 percent of non-Latino whites, and 11 percent of Asian Americans are obese; Whereas, in 2013, Asian Americans were 1.2 times more likely than non-Latino Whites to contract Hepatitis A; Whereas, among all ethnic groups in 2013, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders had the highest incidence of Hepatitis A; Whereas Asian American women are 1.3 times more likely than non-Latina Whites to die from viral hepatitis; Whereas Asian Americans are 3 times more likely than non-Latino Whites to develop chronic Hepatitis B; Whereas of the children living with diag-nosed perinatal HIV in 2014, 65 percent were African American, 15 percent were Latino Americans, and 11 percent were non-Latino whites; Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has identified heart disease, stroke, cancer, and diabetes as some of the leading causes of death among American In-dians and Alaskan Natives; Whereas American Indians and Alaskan Natives die from diabetes, alcoholism, unin-tentional injuries, homicide, and suicide at higher rates than other people in the United States; Whereas American Indians and Alaskan Natives have a life expectancy that is 4.4 years shorter than the life expectancy of the overall population of the United States; Whereas African American babies are 3.5 times more likely than non-Latino White ba-bies to die due to complications related to low birth weight; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tive babies are twice as likely as non-Latino White babies to die from sudden infant death syndrome; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tives have 1.5 times the infant mortality rate as that of non-Latino whites; Whereas American Indian and Alaskan Na-tive babies are 70 percent more likely to die from accidental deaths before their first birthday than non-Latino White babies; Whereas only 5 percent of Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders, 6 percent of Asian Americans, 8 percent of Latinos, 9 percent of African Americans, and 14 percent of Amer-ican Indians and Alaska Natives received mental health treatment or counseling in the past year, compared to 18 percent of non- Latino whites; Whereas marked differences in the social determinants of health, described by the World Health Organization as ‘‘the high bur-den of illness responsible for appalling pre-mature loss of life’’ that ‘‘arises in large part because of the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age’’, lead to poor health outcomes and declines in longevity; Whereas the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119)— (1) has reduced the uninsured rate for mi-nority communities by at least 35 percent; (2) has helped further combat health dis-parities for low-income individuals through coverage expansions in the Medicaid pro-gram under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) and the individual health insurance marketplaces; and (3) provides specific protections and rights for American Indians and Alaskan Natives, 21.4 percent of whom lack health insurance; Whereas, despite the substantial improve-ments in health insurance coverage among women overall, women of color are more likely to be uninsured; Whereas, in 2012, 36 percent of Latina women, 29 percent of American Indian women, 23 percent of African American women, 19 percent of Asian and Pacific Is-lander women, and 14 percent of non-Latina White women were uninsured; Whereas community-based health care ini-tiatives, such as prevention-focused pro-grams, present a unique opportunity to use innovative approaches to improve health practices across the United States and to sharply reduce disparities among racial and ethnic minority populations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2017, which include bringing attention to the severe health disparities faced by minority populations in the United States, such as American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Asian Americans, African Ameri-cans, Latino Americans, and Native Hawai-ians or other Pacific Islanders. 
Mr. CARDIN. I thank Senators Menendez, Blumenthal, Brown, Hirono, Markey, Klobuchar, Van Hollen, Book-er, Peters, Duckworth, and Carper for their help in regard to minority health and the resolution. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
So we couldn’t do that, which is a pretty easy thing to do, but now the Republicans are looking to bring out in the next 2 weeks a rewriting of our en-tire healthcare law, one-sixth of our economy, and they are talking about bringing this out for perhaps passage in the U.S. Senate during the next 2 weeks. I don’t know of anyone who has seen a copy of this bill. I certainly have not seen it, and I am a member of the Sen-ate Finance Committee. Senator C
AR-
PERis a member of the Senate Finance Committee. We have not seen a copy of the bill, even though we are the com-mittee of jurisdiction, along with the HELP Committee. I certainly want to be able to look at this bill, make sure that there are public hearings and an opportunity for input from all Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate—first those who serve on the relevant committees through the committee markups and then on the floor of the U.S. Senate. But what I understand from the major-ity leader is that may not be the case. That would be an affront to our Demo-cratic institution. That would be in-sulting the Members of the Senate and the committee that I serve on, the Sen-ate Finance Committee. I need to mention that because we do know what the House of Representa-tives sent over to us. We don’t know if that is going to be the bill that is going to be brought out, but there hasn’t been any hearing on the bill that the House of Representatives sent over to us. Compare that to the passage of the Affordable Care Act. We had numerous, dozens of hearings on the Affordable Care Act. We had months of negotia-tions on the Affordable Care Act back and forth—bipartisan negotiations. We had committee markups in two of our committees, and hundreds of amend-ments were considered. Many Repub-lican-sponsored amendments were adopted on the Affordable Care Act. We went through a regular legislative process. Yet the Republican leadership is tell-ing us that we are going to totally change the Affordable Care Act, totally change the healthcare system, and not offer the American people an oppor-tunity to see what we are doing—or their elected Representatives to be able to offer comments or amendments to that? That is outrageous. That is not a democratic institution. We need to speak out about it. Now we are all vulnerable to that, all Americans. I have thought about the people in my State, the 400,000 who have coverage under the Affordable Care Act, who didn’t have coverage prior to the Affordable Care Act. They are very much at risk because, accord-ing to the Congressional Budget Office, if we have on the floor of the Senate anything similar to what the House passed, most of those 400,000 are going to lose their insurance coverage. What are they going to do? Then we are talking about putting a cap on Medicaid. Well, have you talked to the Governor of your State? Have you talked to your State legislature as to how they are doing with their budg-ets? Do you really believe the States can pick up what we cut? The answer is obviously no. We offered an expansion of Medicaid so more working families, more vet-erans, more people who are vulnerable could get coverage. That is gone under the caps that the Republicans are talk-ing about, putting our most vulnerable at risk. I started talking about minority health. Let me just underscore that with Medicaid. In my State and in every State, when you look at the per-centage of people who are covered under Medicaid, it is much higher for the minority community because they historically have been discriminated against. They do not have the coverage going into the Affordable Care Act. That is going to affect our most vul-nerable. It is also interesting to note that a higher percentage of veterans is under the Medicaid system. That will affect our veterans. Of course, our sen-iors depend upon Medicaid for longer long-term care. They are going to be adversely affected by these caps under the Medicaid Program. Then we have the impact on all of us who have insurance and may be able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.007 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3539 June 15, 2017 
keep our insurance after this type of legislation. We are going to be ad-versely affected. Why? Because who do you think pays for those who do not have health insurance? You get cost shifting, and it is done in a more cost-ly, expensive way so our healthcare costs go up. Those of us who have in-surance pay more, and those who do not have insurance do not get the early interventions they need in order to stay healthy. The vulnerabilities continue because one of the things that was affected by the House-passed bill was what we call the essential health benefits. What we did is require that those benefits be provided under all healthcare plans, in-cluding Medicaid. So, yes, I could talk about obstetrics for women, which would be covered under all plans, and that women who need obstetrics would not have to pay a much higher premium as they would be in a high-risk pool. Because of the way the insurance would be done, only women who would need that would get into the plan, and it would cost a lot more. Yes, that discriminates against women. Again, I could also talk about minor-ity communities that now have cov-erage for mental health and addiction because that is required under the Af-fordable Care Act. When it becomes discretionary with the States and they get into tight budget problems, they will lose that coverage. We are all talking about the explo-sion of opioid addiction in our commu-nities. In Maryland, I think the rate now is 60 percent higher this year than last year of overdose deaths. Do we really want to cut one of the major tools we have in trying to get this epi-demic under control? That is what we are talking about in regard to what the House-passed bill does. At a minimum, we need to have pub-lic hearings to know what we are doing. This is a democratic institution. Under the Affordable Care Act, we had dozens of hearings. The committees of jurisdiction need to work on this bill. They need to be able to mark it up. They need to be able to offer amend-ments, which was afforded to every Senator in this body under the Afford-able Care Act. Many of our colleagues who voted against the Affordable Care Act have amendments that were in-cluded in the Affordable Care Act. That is how a democracy works. Everyone is affected by this process but particularly the vulnerable, par-ticularly those who are uninsured and those who will become uninsured. Those who have insurance and who have very few other options are going to find their benefits reduced. Minori-ties, our disabled population, older Americans, and women all will be dis-criminated against. At a time at which we want to focus on the progress that we have made to narrow the gap in minority health and health disparities, it would just be a tragedy to move in the wrong way, to reverse the progress we have made, and to do that without an appropriate proc-ess of transparency, which has been the hallmark of American democracy. I urge my colleagues in that there is still time. If you have proposals, work with us—all 100 Senators. I, certainly, have worked with my Republican col-leagues on many healthcare issues that are now the law of this land. We offer to work with you. All we say is don’t tell us that you are going to do this by repealing a bill and then come to us to try to fix it. Work with us to improve our healthcare system, and we will work with you. There is still time. Let’s work together. Let’s have public hearings. Let’s get public input. Let’s use the old-fashioned process of allow-ing us to offer amendments. Let’s de-bate those amendments. The end result will not only be better legislation for the American people but legislation that we know will stand the test of time and give predictability to the healthcare stakeholders in our coun-try. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I thank my friend, my neighbor from Mary-land, for inviting a number of us to come to the floor today, this afternoon, to talk a bit about the Affordable Care Act. I am really honored to stand next to him here as we do sit next to each other on the Finance Committee and on the Environment and Public Works Committee. He is a great leader on both of those committees. 
SANCTIONS LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, Senator C ARDIN and I were on the floor earlier today, along with the Presiding Officer, and we voted on legislation that attempts to send a message to Iran. By the way, it just had elections, gosh, not even a month ago, whereby the reformist President Rouhani was reelected by a big margin. Reformists- moderates were elected as the mayor of Tehran and in other municipalities across the country. There are a lot of young people in that country who want a better relationship with this country, and they actually had a chance to speak at the voting box. They elected a number of women to serve in positions of real responsibility, not just in their Parliament but as members, say, of Tehran’s city council. By the way, the Iranians are basi-cally keeping their word with respect to the agreement between five nations, including the United States, China, Russia, Britain, France, and Germany. They are actually keeping their word with respect to complying with the nu-clear agreement that was entered into, oh, gosh, 2 years ago. What they are doing and that we disagree with is they are testing ballistic missiles, and there is basically the U.N.’s strong message to Iran not to do that. ‘‘If you do, we will sanction you in different ways,’’ but they have continued to test bal-listic missiles. They say it is for defen-sive purposes, but you cannot be sure so we strengthened those sanctions. With those sanctions, we also in-cluded sanctions that basically say to Russia—and all 17 intelligence agencies say Russia intervened in our last elec-tion—no question. They intervened on behalf of one candidate, Mr. Trump. They wanted to elect him, and they wanted to make sure Hillary Clinton did not get elected. They succeeded. That is not just Democratic messaging. Every one of our 17 intelligence agen-cies has come to the same conclusion and has testified publicly to that ef-fect. As a result, this legislation was ini-tially focused just on Iran, but it re-focused and pivoted—maybe refocused even more—on Russia in order to sanc-tion them for their misdeeds, which I think are, in many ways, more signifi-cant than what the Iranians have done and have been sanctioned for again. Why do I go back to this legislation that we just debated and adopted here this morning? Consistent with what Senator CARDIN  has talked about—and he is very much an architect involved right in the mid-dle of the effort to bring that legisla-tion to the floor. It came out of his committee. He is the senior Democrat, the ranking member. B
OBCORKER , of Tennessee, is the chair. A number of members—Democratic and Repub-lican—on that committee worked to-gether to fashion that legislation, to bring bipartisan legislation to the floor. I say to my colleague Senator C
ARDIN  that I didn’t know what the final vote count was. It was 98 to 2. That is what we can accomplish when we work to-gether, and I think it is a great mes-sage as we pivot and talk about the Af-fordable Care Act. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, when our friend from South Dakota, Senator T
HUNE —a great friend for, I think, all of us and ad-mired by both sides—was talking about how deplorable ObamaCare was and how it is in a death spiral and so forth, I just wanted to stand up and ask him to yield to me so I can say that when Barack Obama and Joe Biden stepped down as President and Vice President of the United States, my recollection was that every county of every State in this country had access to healthcare through the health ex-changes. Where did the idea for health ex-changes come from? It came from the Republicans in 1993, from the Heritage Foundation, the rightwing Republican think tank. They came up with an idea that says: Let’s create exchanges in every State, where people who don’t have healthcare coverage can get their cov-erage through large purchasing pool. There would be one in every State. The legislation said: Let’s have a sliding scale tax credit to make sure low-in-come families who do not have cov-erage can afford that coverage in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.037 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3540 June 15, 2017 
exchanges. As their income goes up, the tax credit buys down the cost of coverage. The exchange goes down, and it eventually goes away. The Republican legislation in 1993, fashioned by Heritage, said there was going to be an individual mandate. People would have to get coverage in this country. If they did not, they would have to pay a fine. One could not make people get coverage, but there would be a fine. There was the idea that employers of a certain size and with a certain a number of employees would have to get coverage. We call that an employer mandate. Finally, the health insurance companies could not deny coverage to people in this country because of preexisting condi-tions. Those are all concepts that were in the 1993 legislation that was introduced by Senator John Chafee and was co-sponsored by, among others, Senator H
ATCH , of Utah, Senator G RASSLEY , of Iowa, who are now two of the most sen-ior Republicans in the Senate, includ-ing being the two most senior Repub-licans on the Finance Committee on which Senator C
ARDIN and I are privi-leged to serve. I said as recently as last week, when the Secretary of Health and Human Services was before our committee to defend the President’s budget, that I applauded Senator H
ATCH and I ap-plauded Senator G
RASSLEY for cospon-soring that 1993 legislation, which be-came the foundation for healthcare coverage in Massachusetts, which is where they cover everybody. It is called RomneyCare. It was adopted when he was the Governor, and it was fashioned very much under the same foundation. Senator C
ARDIN and I are on the Fi-nance Committee, and when we were debating the Affordable Care Act, we literally took those Republican ideas from Heritage, from Senator Chafee, from the 23 Republican cosponsors for RomneyCare and sort of made them the foundation of ObamaCare. It is ironic just to hear my friend Senator T
HUNE talk today about the tale of horribles from the Affordable Care Act. Actually, the things my Republican friends are criticizing the most were their ideas from 24 years ago. Person-ally, I think they were pretty good ideas, and if they were given a fair chance, they could be very effective. One of my Republican friends said the other day that when the Affordable Care Act was debated and voted on and so forth, the Republicans were pretty much shut out of the process. So it is too bad the Democrats are shut out of the process now as we revisit healthcare coverage with the terrible legislation that has come out of the House of Representatives. I think, if I am not mistaken—correct me if I am wrong, Senator C
ARDIN —they adopted it without a hearing. I think they adopted it on a straight party-line vote. I think they did it without any kind of score from the Congressional Budget Office and just sent it over here. While they were doing that, I will just go back in time, if I can, to the year of 2009, when we debated the Af-fordable Care Act here. We had two committees of jurisdiction. One was the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee. That committee held no fewer than 14 bipartisan roundtables. A roundtable is very much like a hearing, but it is not quite as formally structured. It held 14 bipar-tisan roundtables, which were designed to try to build a consensus around the Affordable Care Act, or healthcare cov-erage, in this country. Again, this was in 2009. In 2009, the same committee—the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee, the HELP Com-mittee—held 13 bipartisan hearings. So there were 14 bipartisan roundtables and 13 bipartisan hearings in all during the actual time they were debating on and voting on the legislation itself. During the HELP Committee’s debate and in actually marking up the bill, some 300 amendments were considered that were offered by Democrats and Republicans. More than half of those were accepted. Of the more than half of those 300 accepted—we turned down 160 or so—160 of them happened to be of-fered by Republicans. Think about that. There were 14 bipartisan roundtables and 13 bipartisan hearings. There were 300 amendments offered, and over half of those were Republican amendments. Over half of those 300 were actually adopted, and 160 in all were Republican amendments. That does not sound like they were shut out on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. On the Finance Committee, on which Senator CARDIN and I serve, we had 17 roundtables and hearings. We held 13 member meetings, 38 negotiation meet-ings, and a 7-day-long actual business meeting and markup in public, during which we offered amendments and voted on amendments. I think, rough-ly, a dozen Republican amendments were offered and accepted. I have a friend who, when you ask him how he is doing, always answers: ‘‘Compared to what?’’ I would say, as to the process right now that we are looking at with the Republicans’ belated response, if you will, to the Affordable Care Act that came out of the House and is now being negotiated in private—not debated but negotiated and some would say in se-cret. It is hard to keep a secret around here, but it is certainly in private. To my knowledge, there are no bipartisan roundtables and no bipartisan hear-ings. To my knowledge, there will not be an opportunity for markups or busi-ness meetings at which hundreds of amendments could be offered and de-bated and voted on—none of that. And it will use a process called reconcili-ation, where they will bring whatever they come up with in these closed meetings, and we have a chance to vote on it up or down. The House never had it scored. The Congressional Budget Office never had a chance to say: This is how many peo-ple will lose coverage. This is what it is going to cost if people don’t get help through Medicaid. This is what is going to happen to folks losing their cov-erage altogether. They never did that in the House. I don’t know if we will see that in the Senate either. (Mr. CASSIDY assumed the Chair.) There is a right way and a wrong way to do this stuff. Our Republican friends will probably never agree that we were trying to do it the right way in 2009. What we came up with was the Afford-able Care Act at the end of the day, and I would be the first to say it is not perfect. There are things I would like to change. I am sure Senator CARDIN  feels that way. I am sure the Presiding Officer who is with us today knows a lot about healthcare. He probably would be willing to change a number of things. For years, I have said: Why don’t we just figure out as one, as a bi-partisan group—as we were today on the sanctions legislation for Russia and Iran—why don’t we try working to-gether on this stuff? And we are sort of waiting to see if we might have a taker. The Presiding Officer has been very good about reaching out, and I applaud him for that. I think he and I will be in a forum together maybe next week to talk about some of this stuff in public, but I applaud his efforts to reach out and see if we can’t foster a better way forward. Let me close with this: Some of you know I spent some of my years of life in uniform. For a while, I was a civil air patrol cadet growing up in Virginia. I wanted to go to the Air Force Acad-emy, but I just didn’t know how to apply. I applied too late and missed it. I learned about the Navy ROTC and ap-plied for a scholarship, was fortunate enough to win it, and went to Ohio State. I became a midshipman and 4 years later a naval flight officer and then off to Pensacola. I spent 5 years in Active Duty in Southeast Asia and after that in the Cold War as a P–3 Navy aircraft commander. I loved the Navy. I feel privileged that it helped me go to undergraduate school and, after Active Duty, to move to Delaware and get an MBA thanks to the GI Bill. I was privileged to be elected Governor and serve as the commander in chief of the Delaware National Guard for 8 years beyond that. Over half of my life has been involved in the military. A lot of times when I was younger, I would think about who is helped in healthcare under Medicaid. I used to think that folks who are helped the most by Medicaid are women, poor women, and their children. As it turns out, today, especially as the baby boomers get older, more and more of them are being covered by Medicaid. They receive their coverage because they spend down their assets. A lot of them have dementia and have other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.039 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3541 June 15, 2017 
disabilities, and they end up in nursing homes. More than half of the money we are spending on Medicaid these days is on those folks. A lot of them are part of my generation and older—our par-ents, uncles, and aunts. As it turns out, unbeknownst to me, about 2 million of the roughly 23 mil-lion veterans we have in this country— 22 million veterans we have in this country are served by Medicaid. The day I showed up at Ohio State to be a Navy ROTC midshipman, we had only White males in our ROTC. It turned out that is what they had in the Army ROTC and in the Air Force ROTC at Ohio State. When I got to my squad-ron on Active Duty—in the many years I was in my Active Duty squadron, I think we had just two or three African- American officers. I don’t remember ever having an Asian-American officer. There were no women who were officers or even among our enlisted personnel. That has all changed now. The face of our military officer corps and enlisted corps looks a whole lot more like America today than it used to. As it turns out, the folks who are veterans in this country—those 22 mil-lion people—look a whole lot more like America today than maybe was the case a number of years ago. They are Caucasian, they are African American, they are Latino, they are Asian Amer-ican—all of the above. A number of those 22 million veterans who are de-pending on Medicaid are minorities. They are going to be adversely affected if we are not careful of what we do in the House or if we in the Senate rep-licate something like that or similar to that and ultimately in a conference try to represent a compromise between what we do in the Senate and what they have done in the House. I will close with this: This story can end badly, or it can end in a better way. We have just gotten a good exam-ple of how to do it right with the legis-lation we just passed earlier today, the sanctions against Russia and Iran. My hope is that we will use that as a tem-plate to come back and make changes to the Affordable Care Act and that we will do it in a way that fixes what needs to be fixed and preserves what needs to be preserved. I thank my friend from Maryland for his leadership on this and God knows how many other issues. If I could have one more moment to say that Senator K
AINE and I have of-fered legislation that I think has prob-ably been shared with the Presiding Of-ficer’s office that seeks to help sta-bilize the exchanges and the ability of the health insurance companies to have some additional predictability and certainty through reinsurance. My hope is that we will have a chance to share what we have offered and maybe see if that is something the Presiding Officer would be interested in joining us in supporting. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. THE DEBT  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a train wreck that is coming to our country right be-fore our very eyes. Yesterday, the Federal Reserve, for the fourth time in the last year and a half, increased the Federal discount rate by one-quarter point—one-quarter point. That is a rounding error in most people’s imaginations; yet, I think it is a very impactful number. That is the fourth increase in the last year and a half that amounts to 100 basis points or a 1 full percentage point increase in the discount rate. With a $20 trillion debt, that equates to about $200 billion of new interest that we will be required to pay out of the revenue we get off the backs of working men and women in America. I have frequently come to this floor to speak about the $20 trillion debt, but, as we see what is happening now, we see the reality of what has been pre-dicted over the last few years; that is, as we start talking about growth in the economy, we see a demand for capital and interest rates rising. We also see the Federal Reserve talking about ad-justing their balance sheet—some $4.5 trillion on their balance sheet, the largest balance sheet they have had in history—they are now talking about unwinding that. So these are dramatic impacts on what we are talking about right now; that is, how we fund what we are going to be doing not only in healthcare but also our military, as well as the domes-tic programs we are here to talk about. What is even more disturbing about the debt we are talking about and the increases in interest is the structure of that debt. Over the last 8 years, the prior administration decided strategi-cally to keep our bond portfolio that supports this debt, the bonds we issue that pay for this debt—the average du-ration, the length of those bonds, is under 3 years. Some 60 percent, almost, of all the government debt we have in the United States today matures in 3 years or less. That means these in-creases we are talking about are going to roll on us and the backs of the American taxpayer almost imme-diately. This is not something that is going to happen in 10 or 15 years; it is right here on us. Let me put that in perspective. Most every other country in the world that has significant debt—and there are a lot of them; not to the percentage that we do—have already dealt with this du-ration problem. The UK, for example, over the last 8 years, instead of going short when interest rates were vir-tually zero, they went long. Forty- eight percent of the United Kingdom’s debt is 20 years or longer in maturity. Again, 60 percent of our debt, because of the last administration’s strategic decision to stay short—borrow short and spend long—that is a prescription for failure, in business and in govern-ment. Sixty percent of our debt matures in less than 3 years. That is a formula for absolute disaster, and that is what I am talking about. But even more important than the debt and the duration and the way these interest rate increases are going to impact us almost readily is the fact that we have about 43 days—I came to the floor last week and reported that we had 50 days left, and today we have 43 working days left in this fiscal year before September 30. That means we have to fund the Federal Government for fiscal year 2018 by the end of Sep-tember. In the last 43 years, this body— Congress—has only done that four times in regular order; according to the 1974 Budget Act, only four times. What is worse than that is that in the 43 days that we have, from an effec-tive standpoint, we really only have 25 working days left in this Senate. I would argue that with the debt ceiling, with healthcare, with the tax package, with the appropriations process, and the funding of the government, I just don’t see any way that is possible. I think that when we are talking to the American public, we need to come clean. I believe that, like in most years in the past, we are going to be pressured in this body again, just like we have 178 times. We have been forced into a continuing resolution in this body in order to get past some arcade financing limitation we have had. So that means we have by the end of September to fund the Federal Government. Histori-cally, we have only done that four times, according to regular order. The other times of the 43 years, either a CR or an omnibus was done. But 178 con-tinuing resolutions got us past the end of the fiscal year, moved on to an om-nibus of some sort, and then the re-lease valve in all of those occasions was more debt, more spending. It is very difficult because the budget process itself is broken. And because of that, between now and the end of Sep-tember, I personally—I am just a busi-ness guy, but I have no imagination of how we are going to fund this govern-ment by passing 12 appropriations bills. As a matter of fact, since 1974, this body has only averaged passing 2.5 ap-propriations bills a year out of the 12. Now, you tell me, in the next 43 days, are we going to pass 12 bills to fund this Federal Government? There is no way. So my call on our colleagues here on both sides of the aisle is, let’s get busy right now. I don’t care what the struc-ture is, as long as it is not a continuing resolution because that ties the hands of our military. They cannot deal with that. It limits their ability to move money from one department to an-other. If they wanted to move money from armor to infantry just in the Army alone, they cannot do that. And with the risks we face around the world today, that is an impossibility. We are working feverishly right now to change the budget process. It will not affect us this year. This is some-thing we have to get serious on right now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.040 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3542 June 15, 2017 
I believe we are poised to have a turnaround in this economy. Consumer confidence is up. It hasn’t been higher than this level in 13 years. CEO con-fidence is higher than it has been in 15 years. Manufacturing confidence hasn’t been this high in over 20 years. Why? Because they see some regulations being rolled back right now by this ad-ministration and this Senate. We passed 13 bills out of 14 that we brought forward that pulled back oner-ous regulations. Just this week, we had the Secretary of Treasury tell us that some 70 percent of the limitations on our banks—not the controls that pro-tect us against another 2008 and 2009 disaster but the controls that are un-necessary and keeping capital tied up in small and regional banks unneces-sarily. We have some $6 trillion not at work in this economy because of bad fiscal policy right here in Washington. What we are trying to do is unwind that, get it back into the economy. By the way, if the Federal Reserve releases their $4.5 trillion and we don’t find a way to unleash this $6 trillion, tell me where the capital is going to come from. I am here to tell you that I believe we are on the brink of an economic turnaround if we can, in fact, effect a reasonable improvement in healthcare, get on and fund the government in a responsible way before September 30, and move on and get a tax package done this year. People right now are working on their budgets for business for fiscal year 2018—right now. By the end of their Q3, they will have that done. Their capital budgets, which go out many years, are being done too. So they are handicapping right now whether we will in fact get that tax package done. My argument is this: Let’s get these things dealt with right now on a timely basis—the debt ceiling, funding the government—and move on to this tax package so we can, in fact, get that done so that business entities and our free enterprise system can, in fact, budget accordingly so that we can get some of these benefits into the econ-omy as early as late next year. If we don’t get that tax package done before Christmas, I don’t believe we will have any impact in fiscal year 2018 from that. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, with the events this week, I would hope our body could find a way to lower the vitriol, to lower the hysteria when we have a difference of opinion and to find a way to look at what we might agree on, on an issue, as well as what we might disagree on. Yet, as I stand here today listening to some of the speeches, just today I am shocked because it is business as usual in this body. The vitriol is at a very high level. The misinformation is at an extremely high level. Remember when then-President Obama said: If you like your insurance you can keep your insurance; if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor; premiums will go down under ObamaCare; deductibles will go down; everybody will have insurance. The CBO overestimated by 20 million the number of people who would sign up for ObamaCare, and, oh, by the way, we are going to institute a 30-hour work-week limitation to define ‘‘full-time work’’ and we are going to limit it so anybody with over 51 employees has to comply. We now know—both sides even agree—that it is failing. What they are saying now, though, is that they are re-lying back on the argument: Let’s move to regular order now; let’s make sure we all get this done together. Where was that conversation in 2008 and 2009, when behind closed doors a supermajority crammed down the throat of the minority this thing called ObamaCare? Remember that in the House of Representatives then-Speaker PELOSI said: If you want to find out what is in the bill, you have to vote for the bill. I think it was a matter of hours that day before when the Senate got the bill. They had to look at the bill before they had to vote on it that night. But let’s look at the reality. ObamaCare is collapsing under its own weight. We know rates are up over 105 percent nationally. In my State alone, they have more than doubled in the last 3 years. Deductibles are up even more than that. Forty-five percent of the counties in the United States are down to one carrier. In my State alone, Georgia, we have 159 counties and 96 are down to one carrier. States like Ohio, Virginia, Iowa, Tennessee, and Missouri are told now that they are losing their last carrier in the indi-vidual market. But let me highlight the reality here. Before the Affordable Care Act, 48 mil-lion people in the United States did not have insurance. That was a catas-trophe. We all agree with that. Today, however, what nobody on the other side talks about is that 28 million peo-ple today in America—the richest country in the history of the world— still do not have healthcare coverage. I can’t see how that is a success by any measure. Of the 20 million who got in-surance over the last 6 years, 16 million of them did not got get it through ObamaCare. It came through the Med-icaid expansion. Of the remaining 4 million, 2 million are like me and my wife, who were canceled and then had to come back into the Affordable Care Act unwillingly. That was our only choice. Oh, by the way, we had to have a program that had so many other fea-tures in it that our rates doubled over that period of time. It just seems to me that what we have before us today is an opportunity to clean up this mess and provide for the things that were broken in 2008. We know we have to cover preexisting con-ditions. We don’t want people to have their insurance canceled just because they get sick. That is not the Amer-ican way. That had to be fixed, and we are going to continue that. People have to have access, though, and right now, with the cost, many people are coming off of healthcare in the individual market because they simply can’t make the financial equa-tion work. The premiums are too much. In my own family, one of my sons can’t understand the deductibles. So the financial equation for the very people who need it doesn’t make any sense. We can do things to get premiums down by allowing the free market to provide the types of services inside in-surance products that people actually want and not ask them to pay for prod-ucts they don’t need. We have to make sure Medicaid can be sustained long term. Lastly, I think we have to make sure that, as we deal with the preexisting conditions, we make sure that every-body in America has access to healthcare. Nobody is talking about taking away access from the American people in terms of healthcare. Whether it is healthcare, the mili-tary, the VA, or any of our domestic programs, we have a serious funding problem. Our mechanism that funds the programs is broken. It has never worked since 1974, except for four times, and that was prior to 1980, and we have to fix it. But right now, in 43 days—between now and September 30— we have to fund this government, or all the other rhetoric will be idle chatter. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized for such time as I may consume as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of all, let me say that I am really glad the junior Senator from Georgia has taken this on. This is something that some of us who have been around a little bit longer have gone through before. I think everyone realizes that what was attempted to be done by President Obama was a single-payer system. Ulti-mately, that is what liberals want. I remember back in the 1990s what was referred to at that time as Hillary healthcare during the Clinton adminis-tration. I remember so well the efforts that were taking place. Sometimes I go back to my State of Oklahoma just to be around logical people, and they will ask the question: If this system is not working in Can-ada, is not working in Sweden, and is not working in Great Britain, why do they think it will work here? Liberal individuals will never tell you this, but what they are really thinking is this: It would work if I were running the show. So we are going through a similar thing again, and I am so happy we have leaders, as the occupier of the Chair, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.041 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3543 June 15, 2017 
and we have more doctors right now in the Senate. This is the time to make these changes and really accomplish things. But that is not why I am here. 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND PARIS AGREEMENT  
Mr. President, I noticed in the news this morning one more of these inci-dents happened where they had groups of people going to either the Antarctic or the Arctic to try to reaffirm their positions that somehow the world is coming to an end because of global warming and global warming is be-cause of manmade gases, which, of course, we know is not the case. The interesting thing about yesterday was that a group of some scientists, some individuals, and some environmental extremist activists was going to the Arctic to show that things were melt-ing, and they got stuck in the ice. This is the fourth time this has happened in the last 4 years because they didn’t an-ticipate the fact that we have actually some areas where it is increasing. I thought, well, it is time to make one last compliment to the President when he had the courage to pull out of the Paris climate agreement. A lot of people don’t know what these climate agreements are. This was the 21st year we had a climate agree-ment. It was all started by the United Nations some 21 years ago. The idea was to go to exotic places around the world and invite all 192 countries to come in to convince them that they need to reduce their own greenhouse gases, their CO
2emissions. Toward the end of the Obama admin-istration, after eight such meetings they decided this wasn’t going to work. They finally decided they would go ahead and try to make one look like an agreement, and, hence, there was the Paris Agreement—not a treaty but an agreement, not anything that would come through ratification, obviously. I have been over there for some of these meetings. What is interesting about this is that most of the 192 coun-tries involved in these meetings think that if the President says something, it is going to happen. They forget about the fact that we have another branch of government called Congress, and we have to ratify some of these decisions. So I do want to make a couple of comments about what the President has accomplished by getting out of this agreement. First, since there is a deliberate ef-fort to make people who are reluctant to believe one narrow view, in terms that the world is coming to an end is a reality, they try to make it change into the argument that as to climate change, anyone who is against the idea that we are having these problems out there is opposed to the idea of climate change. Look, we have said so many times on the floor that the climate has always changed. All the evidence—historic evi-dence, scriptural evidence, archeo-logical evidence—shows very clearly that climate is always changing. The arrogance is that somehow climate change can be managed by man. Did man ever cause the ice age or any of the other extreme weather patterns the Earth has seen just over the last few thousand years? The answer is no. But earlier this year, a climate change study was released which found that little agreement is found with cli-mate modeling simulations and con-sistently overstate recent summer warming and underestimate preindustrial temperature changes. That was the study. It is no surprise they found forecasts to be inaccurate. According to the environmental ex-tremists, every summer is going to be the hottest. I have yet to see a summer that wasn’t going to be the hottest. Every year they say that is going to take place. In one of the charts from the study I have here, all you have to do is go back and look historically at what has hap-pened in this country. We go through warming periods. We go through ice ages. I will tell you what is interesting about this chart. The largest increase we had in global warming happened right after World War II, in 1945. That was the year we had the largest num-ber of CO2emissions that took place. Historically, no one disagrees. That precipitated not a warming period but a 20-year cooling period. So we have been going through this for a very long period of time now. Essentially, the findings of the study show that the climate patterns we see now are not significant in the grand scheme of things, as we can see by this chart. People like to vilify those of us who talk about this subject and openly question the inaccurate statements and so-called findings of fearmongering scientists who tell everyone the world is ending because of manmade gases. They think that just because many of us recognize that science is not settled and we question exactly how much man affects climate change, corruption must be involved, and so forth. But we look at the real science. I have not yet met him personally, but I know about a guy named Dr. Richard Lindzen. Dr. Richard Lindzen is an MIT professor. He arguably could be consid-ered the most knowledgeable person in this field. He made this statement: Regulating CO
2is a bureaucrats dream. If you regulate CO, you regulate life. So that is what is behind this, and we have watched this play out now for about 20 years. To question the idea that man is single-handedly respon-sible for the changes in climate and doomsday is near due to the fact that we burn fossil fuels is entirely inappro-priate and, frankly, unnecessary. I remember very well a climate fa-natic named Michael Mann. I men-tioned that Paris was the 21st meeting the United Nations has had. In 2009, that meeting was held in Copenhagen. At that time, I chaired the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee. The first year of the Obama adminis-tration, I remember getting ready to go to Copenhagen to explain to people they had been lied to. At that time, Obama was going over, Hillary Clinton was going over, John Kerry was going over, and all the rest, saying we in the United States were going to pass cap and trade. I wanted to make sure they knew we were not going to be passing cap and trade. I was getting ready to go over. Lisa Jackson was the first Obama designee to be the Director of the EPA. I looked at her, and I said: I have a feeling that as soon as I leave town, you are going to have an endangerment finding so you can start regulating this stuff. She kind of smiled. I said: When that hap-pens, it has to be based on science. So tell me, what science will you base this on? She said: Well, it is going to be based on the IPCC. IPCC stands for the Intergovern-mental Panel on Climate Change. That is the United Nations. As luck would have it, right after that, a matter of days after that state-ment was made by her, we had climategate. Do you remember climategate? Not many people remem-ber it because the media didn’t play it up here like they did in Europe and around the world. Climategate was where they caught two scientists—one was Michael Mann and one was Phil Jones—who had rigged—there was evi-dence of this through communications that were disclosed—they were actu-ally rigging the science. They didn’t pay much attention to it here in the United States, but I remember at the time that Christopher Booker of the UK Telegraph—that is one of the big-gest communication operations in the UK—they called this the worst sci-entific scandal of our generation. That is climategate. That is cooking the books on science to make people be-lieve things that weren’t true. Clive Cook of the Financial Times said: The close-mindedness of these supposed men of science, their willingness to go to any lengths to defend a preconceived message, is surprising, even to me. The stink of intellec-tual corruption is overpowering. 
That is the science on which they have relied for a long period of time. In fact, to give you an example of the hockey stick—that was what Michael Mann came up with in trying to show, instead of what we are showing on this chart here, that somehow this all hap-pened in a recent period of time. It is another research exploration that was wrong. I started off talking about what hap-pened on the climate change research exploration that just took place in the last few days. Many of these were post-poned in the Arctic because of the un-usual amount of ice that has taken place. Before a research team could embark on their exploration to study climate change—keep in mind, this group went there to try to show what things are happening, that ice is melt-ing all over the world. Their ship, the Canadian research icebreaker Amund-sen, had to be borrowed by the Cana-dian Coast Guard for search and rescue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.051 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3544 June 15, 2017 
efforts to help fishing boats and supply ships that were trapped in the unex-pected, large amount of ice. This is at least the fourth time this has happened in recent years to re-search ships around the world. There was a situation a few years ago where a Russian ship carrying climate sci-entists and journalists and activists and tourists and an entire crew became trapped in ice that was at least 10 feet thick. An Australian icebreaker ar-rived 6 days later to rescue them, but it was unable to do so because of the ice. A few days after that, a Chinese icebreaker sent out a helicopter that was able to airlift 52 of the passengers from the Russian ship to safety on the Australian icebreaker. Unfortunately, during the rescue effort, the Chinese icebreaker became trapped as well. I tell you these stories because all of these expeditions that were going to the various posts were doing so to try to prove that ice was not accumu-lating, and they got stuck in the ice. Most of the predictions that have been published over the last few dec-ades have been widely inaccurate, but most have been accepted by the envi-ronmental groups and some of the ex-tremists because they are maintaining their war on fossil fuels, although Trump has ended that. I have to say that one of the reasons I go back to my State of Oklahoma every weekend is to talk to real people. They will ask a question. I remember that during the Obama administration, he had a war on fossil fuels—fossil fuels are coal, oil, and gas—but he also didn’t like nuclear. You don’t get these questions asked in Washington. They asked me: Inhofe, explain this to me. We have a President who is trying to do away with fossil fuels—coal, oil, and gas—and nuclear, and we are currently dependent upon coal, oil, gas, and nu-clear for 89 percent of the power it takes to run this machine called Amer-ica. What is going to happen if we are not able to do it? Of course, as I said, you don’t hear those questions around Washington. Anyway, by fearmongering tech-niques, environmental extremists and the Al Gore fan club can easily con-vince a large number of people that regulatory burdens like the EPA’s Clean Power Plan, the Quad Oa, the venting and flaring rules, and the waters of the United States rule are a good thing and that we can save the Earth without any consideration of the effect these rules have on energy. By the way, for any conservatives who are out there, I would like to re-mind them that even though it didn’t get much play in the media, this Presi-dent in the first 100 days in office has been able to do away with some 47 of the regulations. The two ways of doing away with a regulation—one is through Executive order, and the other is the CRA, the Congressional Review Act. In fact, I was proud that the first signing ceremony our new President had was signing a bill that I had passed. It is one that has really made an effort to try to save enough of the oil and gas industry to run this machine, as I men-tioned, called America. Now we are actively working to face the problems inherited from the pre-vious administration. For the past 8 years under the Obama administration, the American economy suffered under the effects of his climate agenda. That era is over. President Trump has deliv-ered on his campaign promises since he was sworn in. The strongest signal of this was President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord. It was just a few weeks ago that I was on the Senate floor urging Presi-dent Trump to pull out of this Paris Agreement. That same day, 21 of my Senate colleagues and I sent a letter to the White House with that same re-quest. Our message resonated with the President, and it was clear that our voices were heard because it was ex-actly 1 week later that the President announced to the world he was getting out of a bad deal. Let me mention one thing about this Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement supposedly is something that 192 coun-tries—each said what it was going to do to reduce greenhouse gases, their CO
2emissions. For example, the agree-ment President Obama said at that time—he said: We commit that we will reduce our CO
2emissions by between 26 and 28 percent by 2096. The interesting thing about that is that it can’t be done. In fact, imme-diately after he made that statement, we had a televised public hearing of the EPA to ask them how in the world we could reduce by some 27 percent green-house gases in the United States of America. They said it is impossible and we couldn’t do it. So what the Presi-dent was doing then was telling people that we in the United States were able to do something—were going to do something that was very meaningful by our reduction, even though he knew at the time it could not be done. Then we have the other countries— China, for example. China is the second largest emitter of CO
2. Currently, as we speak right now, they are cranking out one coal-fired powerplant every 10 days. What did they agree to in this Paris accord? They said: Well, we will continue to increase our output in China. We will continue to have a new powerplant every 10 days or so until 2025. At that time, we will consider re-ducing it. Then along comes India, the third largest emitter of CO
2. India said: Yes, as long as we get $2.5 trillion, we are willing to do it. Well, where would that $2.5 trillion come from? The good old United States. The big green fund. That is how ridiculous that whole thing was. It was the right decision for him to make this a reality. Many believe that if we lose our abil-ity to negotiate with other nations— this is the only legitimate complaint I have gotten that I really heard during the time. They said: Well, if we don’t have a place at the table, then we are not going to be able to be in on any fu-ture discussions. That was wrong, and those who are using that argument were wrong be-cause the agreement that gave us a seat at the table has already been rati-fied by the United States, meaning the Senate gave its advice and consent. It is known as the United Nations Frame-work Convention on Climate Change. This was in the 1992 treaty that sup-ports all of the big parties that are held every December. We are still at that table. That decision was made a long period of time ago. We will be at any future activities that take place. I will wrap up by saying that this was the right thing to do. Stop and think about it. The previous speaker on the floor, the junior Senator from Georgia, was talking about the dilemma we have in this country, the spending di-lemma, and how we are going to have to do something about it. We are going to eventually have to get to some of the entitlements, the big spending items. If we had stayed with the program that the President had outlined and had committed to the other 192 coun-tries, that would have constituted ar-guably the largest single tax increase in the history of America, and there would have been nothing that would have been accomplished by it. My final thought. I would like to thank President Trump for pulling out of the Paris Agreement. It is the right decision, and it will without question help the United States in the long run. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to ad-dress the Senate as in morning busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COUNTERING IRAN ’S DESTABILIZING ACTIVITIES  
BILL 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I joined our colleagues today at lunch, and one of the conversations I had with one of my Democratic colleagues was how surprising, perhaps, but certainly how pleasing it was that today the Senate, in a bipartisan fashion, addressed some contentious issues related to sanctions in regard to Iran; issues related to sanctions in regard to Russia. Both of those issues, because of the political climate and because of past history, could be fraught with great oppor-tunity for partisanship to be exhibited in full force. The conversation I had with my colleague was how surprising and, more importantly, how pleasing it was that didn’t happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.052 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3545 June 15, 2017 
I commend the Senate and its leader-ship for working together to resolve their potential differences and creating this opportunity for us to have a de-bate, a discussion, both on public pol-icy—that I think is important to the security of the world—and the safety of Americans here in the United States. I am here, in part, to express my sup-port for the Countering Iran’s Desta-bilizing Activities Act, the legislation we addressed today. It permits our gov-ernment to target those individuals and institutions responsible for a for-eign policy that puts American lives at risk and undermines the security, par-ticularly in the Middle East, but really of the globe. The theocratic, autocratic regime’s survival in Iran depends currently on the human rights abuses and political oppression. Eight years after the Green Movement’s protests, the group’s lead-ers remain under house arrest. Mem-bers of that movement were tortured. Still, today, Iranian Americans are un-reasonably detained without hope for release in Iran. The Iranian regime’s survival depends further on its control of its economy. When it was brokered, proponents of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action argued it would provide economic benefit to the Iranian people. So when President Obama nego-tiated—and this Congress, this Senate, failed to reject the JCPOA—one of the arguments about its benefits is that ev-eryday Iranians would enjoy greater economic opportunity. Instead, a re-cent Reuters study shows businesses directly tied to the Supreme Leader and the IRGC are the main bene-ficiaries of those changes in our rela-tionship with Iran. Despite renewed economic growth, Iran’s unemploy-ment rate is estimated to be as high as 12 percent, and that figure could be as high as almost 30 percent among Ira-nian youth. Survival of Khamenei’s regime de-pends on stoking hatred of America as a way to whip up support. Iran uses small boats to swarm American Navy ships protecting the free navigation of the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf. This is disturbing for a number of reasons, but the importance of that Strait’s role in global economy cer-tainly is one of them. In addition, it is linked to scouting soft American tar-gets for terrorism. So we continue to see bad behavior, threatening behavior by the Iranian government toward the United States and our global interest in the Strait of Hormuz and the suggestion that Iran is preparing and looking for opportunities for terrorist attacks against the United States and its allies in the Middle East. Last week, two Hezbollah operatives were arrested here in the United States. They were doing surveillance on targets in New York and on our em-bassies as well in Israel and Panama. Two terrorism specialists, Dan Byman of Georgetown and Scott Stewart of Stratfor, tweeted in reaction to this news that this could be a case of Iran sending us an ominous message; that Iran can play the terror card if it wants to. If that is indeed the signal Tehran is sending to us, it is impor-tant—it is imperative, in fact, that we send a message of our own that no civ-ilized country resorts to planning to kill innocent civilians. The legislation we passed today informs that regime that the JCPOA does not provide impu-nity for Iran to make such plans. Iran threatens its neighbors with its ongoing ballistic missile development, which was not part of the JCPOA. Hezbollah is armed with tens of thou-sands of rockets, threatening Israel’s security. This is the same group which has been instrumental in propping up the Assad regime in Syria and which is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands. The head of the IRGC forces was seen on the Syria and Iraq border just this past weekend. We know Assad’s regime would have not survived without Iran’s continued fi-nancial and military support. Again, this legislation underscores the Sen-ate’s belief that the Iranian regime must not be allowed to continue con-ducting and destabilizing activities under the shield of the JCPOA. I was an opponent to the JCPOA, but today’s actions are unrelated to under-mining that agreement, which is now in place. They are designed to hold back further activities by the Iranian regime against America and its inter-ests. It is really a requirement that Iran act within the nation-states’ Code of Conduct—the normal behavior of a country around the globe. Previous administrations, in my view, failed to challenge Iran on way too many fronts. With this legislation, the Senate is intent on pushing back on Iran’s adventurism in the Middle East and beyond. By imposing appro-priate sanctions and requiring the Sec-retaries of State, Defense and Treas-ury, as well as Director of National In-telligence, to formulate a coherent strategy to counter Iran’s influence in the region, we say to the regime that their activities will be countered every step of the way. This legislation plays a part in doing what Dan Byman, the professor—the terrorism expert—testified to our House counterparts last month. His words were to ‘‘highlight the costs of Iran’s adventurism to ordinary Ira-nians to raise domestic awareness of, and discontent with, the regime’s for-eign policy.’’ There remains more that can be done to challenge Iran and constrict its re-sources. Many amendments were filed to strengthen this legislation that were not ultimately considered. One of those was mine. Last year, the Obama ad-ministration announced it would pay $1.7 billion to Iran in an effort to settle a longstanding financial dispute. Transferring cash to a leading state sponsor of terror was a bad idea when the Senate considered the 2015 nuclear agreement, and it remains a bad idea, a terrible idea today. The amendment I offered to today’s legislation would limit the President’s ability to transfer funds to Iran. This amendment directs that the U.S. Gov-ernment puts justice for American vic-tims of Iranian terrorism ahead of the payments to the Iranian’s regime. No administration should transfer funds related to the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal without first requiring settlement of all damages already awarded in judgments made in the U.S. courts against Iran for their terrorism crimes against our own citizens. Pay-ing our own citizens from that fund be-fore any money is transferred to the Iranian regime makes sense, common sense, and it is surrounded by the sense of justice and right. While my amendment was not one of those considered by the Senate yet, we will be introducing this concept as freestanding legislation in the near fu-ture. I know sanctions alone will not change Iran’s regime’s behavior. Inci-dentally, we need our allies and friends to join us in this sanction effort. Yet we know the Countering Iran’s Desta-bilizing Activities Act remains an im-portant bill to impose costs on the re-gime in Iran and, hopefully, to encour-age more of the discontent we saw dur-ing the recent elections. Perhaps there will rise an equivalent to the 2009 Green Movement that offers Iranians one more opportunity to throw off the yoke of theocratic rule of tyranny and get the government they deserve—one that respects their rights and has the desire to coexist peacefully with its neighbors. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to start my remarks on healthcare and what is ahead over the next couple of weeks in this way. For almost 7 years before I got elect-ed to the Congress, I was the director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, which is a senior citizens group, and I ran a legal aid office for the elderly. I made the judgment then that healthcare was and always would be the most impor-tant issue. I made that judgment be-cause I have always felt that if you and your loved ones do not have their health, then pretty much everything else does not matter. The Presiding Officer of the Senate, of course, is a skilled healthcare pro-vider and knows a lot about these issues, and I am really going to use that as my reference point today in making the judgment that having qual-ity, affordable healthcare for your fam-ilies and yourselves is paramount to everything else. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.053 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3546 June 15, 2017 
My view is that the proposal being considered here in the Senate of cut-ting hundreds of billions of dollars in funds from the social safety net—the Medicaid Program, which is the lifeline for seniors and kids with special needs and for the disabled—is going to put at risk the health and well-being of mil-lions of Americans if it is passed. It is why I want to take some time to explain what it actually does so that people all across this country will be in a position to make their voices heard— to speak up, to do their part—so that when this debate comes to the floor of the U.S. Senate, as I believe it will in the next couple of weeks—and it moves very quickly—every Member of this body will have heard, loud and clear, what Americans think of this proposal, and I do not think that that assess-ment is going to be too kind. Now, the House passed their version of TrumpCare by a razor’s edge, and to put it in a pleasant way, over here, Senators looked at it and said: No way. No thanks. My colleagues in the Sen-ate majority said: We are throwing this bill out, starting fresh, and we are going to do it right. So I am going to start with where that process got lost. The majority convened a special working group made up of 13 Repub-lican Senators, all of them men, and it turns out, based on comments that have been reported, the Senate bill isn’t going to be all that different from what the House was talking about. So Republicans in the Senate are pretty much picking up where the House left off on TrumpCare, and the legislation that is being crafted stays hidden— stays behind closed doors and in a posi-tion where, for example, if you are a Democrat on the Finance Committee, you don’t even know what is in it. It is not going before committees. It will not be put forward for amendment in a markup. With barely any public notice, the bill will hit this floor for 28 hours of debate—that is that. I will just briefly describe a session we had in the Finance Committee this week where there was discussion from the other side of the aisle that maybe there was a big partisan divide with re-spect to healthcare. I listened a bit. Fi-nally, I said: I don’t know how you can have a partisan divide about a bill that you can’t read. I am the senior Democrat on the Fi-nance Committee. The Finance Com-mittee is the committee that has juris-diction over hundreds of billions of dol-lars in payments for Medicare and Med-icaid and the various tax credits that are part of the Affordable Care Act. This is the committee with the author-ity to address the management of hun-dreds of billions of dollars for those programs—Medicare, Medicaid, tax credits—and we see nothing. Not only have there been no hearings, we haven’t seen anything. Something has been sent to the Congressional Budget Office. Who knows the answer to that. We haven’t seen that either. So that is the process that would dic-tate a radical transformation of one- sixth of the American economy—the American healthcare system—affecting millions and millions of Americans. That is what we are looking at right now for the next couple of weeks, and it is pretty different than what hap-pened during the Affordable Care Act. I want to focus on a few points just with respect to that. The first is espe-cially important, as I have said, to the Finance Committee that deals with Medicare and Medicaid and these cru-cial aspects of healthcare in America. The Senate Finance Committee has been cut out of this process. The chair-man, Senator H
ATCH , I, and 24 other committee members—there has been nothing for us to examine as a group to do what the Finance Committee tries to do best, which is to work in a bipar-tisan way. That is what we have done so often in the past, which is to sit down and try to take the good ideas that come from both sides, from the staff who knows healthcare inside and out, with years of experience working on healthcare matters. I have a little bit of a special interest in this because I wrote something called the Healthy Americans Act be-fore the Presiding Officer was here in this body. Eight Democratic Senators and eight Republican Senators joined together in comprehensive healthcare reform for the first time—for the first time ever before. We have done a lot of good work on issues that represent the big challenges ahead. We know, for example, Medicare today isn’t the Medicare of 1965, when it was about broken ankles, Part A or Part B, a bad case of the flu. Today Medicare is about chronic illness—dia-betes and heart disease and strokes and cancer. We have worked on that in a bi-partisan way. Bipartisanship is what the Finance Committee is all about. So in the runup to the Affordable Care Act, we held more than 50 hear-ings, roundtables, walk-through ses-sions. It wasn’t exactly exciting. We al-ways used to say: If you are having trouble sleeping, come by for a while and you will be knocked out in a mat-ter of minutes. But that is where you do the hard work of legislating. When the Finance Committee fin-ished the drafting process, the legisla-tion sat online for 6 days before we went through the formal committee consideration—what we know up here as a markup. A total of 564 amend-ments were posted online before the markup began for all to read. The markup lasted 8 days. There were 130 amendments in the longest markup in 22 years. Two dozen Republican amend-ments were adopted, and the bill passed with a bipartisan vote. We all got pretty sick of the hearing room by the time it was over. I will just read a quote from Senator G
RASS -
LEYwith respect to the Finance Com-mittee markup of the Affordable Care Act. Senator G
RASSLEY is the chair-man, of course, of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the former committee chairman of the Finance Committee, and a very careful, thoughtful legis-lator. He said: ‘‘This was the most open and inclusive process the committee has undertaken in its history. . . . ’’ He went on to say: ‘‘ . . . I believe, since I have been on the committee.’’ So that is not a Democrat. That is Senator GRASSLEY , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am sure Senator M
URRAY has similar accounts of the process under the late Senator K
ENNEDY . That legislation was online for days as well. That is what the legislative process is supposed to look like. It is a process that starts from the bottom up, and it is out in the open. Sunlight has always been the best disinfectant. You get hearings. You get study. You get de-bate. You marry the best ideas of both sides. I have always felt that bipartisanship is not about taking each other’s lousy ideas; bipartisanship is about taking each other’s good ideas, but because of the process the Republican leader is in-sisting on, that is not what the major-ity has on offer. What is in the works is hidden away so the public and Amer-icans across this country who might be sitting in a coffee shop and would like to pull up a proposal on their laptop, they can’t do it, and there aren’t any hearings on what might be going in the bill as well. That, in my view, is the wrong way to build a sweeping, mas-sive proposal like this, which, for so many of those who are walking on an economic tightrope, balancing their food against their fuel and their fuel against their medical care, this isn’t some abstract issue for them. It is a matter of life and death. This proposal is built around an at-tack on Medicaid. The last version of the bill that anybody has been allowed to see cut the program by more than $800 billion, but there haven’t been any hearings on what that would mean for the 74 million Americans who get their healthcare coverage through Medicaid. Nobody has been brought before the Fi-nance Committee to talk about how you would not endanger the Medicaid nursing home benefit with this pro-posal, and that benefit pays for two out of three nursing home beds in America. There hasn’t been a hearing examining the effect of the staggering implica-tions of Medicaid cuts on 37 million kids enrolled in the program, particu-larly what it means for kids with dis-abilities and kids in special education classes. At home in Oregon, when we had town meetings and roundtables on it, I just brought up—just raised the issue very gently—about the prospect of those special needs kids being hurt with this proposal, and the room just broke out in sobs. There haven’t been any hearings on how much worse the opioid epidemic will get in States across the country when people enrolled in Medicaid lose access to treatment for mental health and substance abuse disorders. Just this morning, I talked about a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.054 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3547 June 15, 2017 
brandnew idea that seems to be picking up some interest in the majority about basically coming up with kind of a sep-arate way to fund the coverage for opioids. Instead of it being a guarantee of being able to get access to services, it would sort of be a separate program, which also is not in line with sensible healthcare policy. As the Presiding Of-ficer knows, so often those addicted to opioids have multiple conditions. In other words, if you are a young person who is addicted to opioids, you might well need mental health services. If you are an older person who is addicted to opioids, you might need services re-lating to chronic illness. So I want everybody in those States across the country—particularly in the Midwest and in the industrial North-east—although opioid addiction has hit this country like a wrecking ball from Portland, OR, to Portland, ME. There are a lot of people paying attention to what is going to happen with respect to coverage for those addicted to opioids, and based on this proposal I have been reading about that is being floated, this is a prescription for trouble for those trying to come back from opioid addiction. Then, I want to mention the bill’s provisions on preexisting conditions. When the Affordable Care Act was written in committee, the bedrock guarantee of protection against dis-crimination for those who have pre-existing conditions and protecting those who have preexisting conditions with airtight, loophole-free protec-tion—that was at the heart of the Af-fordable Care Act. My view is TrumpCare takes a jackhammer to that bedrock protection, cracking open loopholes that benefit insurance com-panies. Americans are aghast that their elected representatives would support the idea. I know that because I have had 46 townhall meetings in my State this year, and I hear about it at nearly every one. So one would think this would gen-erate a lot of interest in the Senate Fi-nance Committee—the committee with jurisdiction over Medicaid, for exam-ple—because there are a lot of those folks who have preexisting conditions. No discussion. Zero discussion—zero— of any proposal that the Senate could be considering over the next couple of weeks that rolls back protections on preexisting conditions. I gather the House bill just basically takes the waiver process, which in the Affordable Care Act was designed to let States do better; in the House, they let States do worse—considerably worse— and one of the most objectionable fea-tures is the States can get a waiver and unravel some of those strong protec-tions for people with preexisting condi-tions. Now, if the healthcare changes I have mentioned aren’t bad enough, TrumpCare also takes hundreds of bil-lions of dollars of healthcare from needy and vulnerable people and, in ef-fect, hands it in tax breaks to the most fortunate. Nobody has come before the Senate Finance Committee with au-thority over taxes to explain why the Congress ought to raid healthcare pro-grams for the vulnerable to fund tax cuts for the fortunate few. Our committee—the chairman and I, along with all the Democrats and sev-eral of the Republicans—has been pre-vented from legislating out in the open on this proposal because the Senate TrumpCare plan has essentially been pushed out of view. It is clear that this isn’t just sidestepping the Finance Committee. The public—the American people—have been cut out of the proc-ess when healthcare policy that will af-fect millions for years to come is being written here. The majority leader has said he pret-ty much is not interested in input from Democrats. The Republican healthcare plan is going to move by reconcili-ation. That is a Washington word, folks—when you are at a coffee shop, nobody is talking about reconciliation, but it is basically our way or the high-way. We are going to do it our way, and that is that. It is the most partisan road you can go down in the Senate. It relies on moving as quickly as possible with the least possible sunlight. As far as I can tell, the Senate bill is going to be hidden until virtually the last minute, at which point it will come straight to the floor for a very short, abbreviated debate. That is not what happened when the Affordable Care Act came up. The Sen-ate spent 25 consecutive days in session on healthcare reform, the second long-est consecutive session in history— week after week, spirited debate, mid- November into late December, vote after vote after vote. In total, the Sen-ate debated the Affordable Care Act for nearly 220 hours. That kind of extended give-and-take from both political par-ties you just can’t have under this par-tisan ‘‘our way or the highway’’ ap-proach known as reconciliation. When the Senate plan hits the floor, there will be 20 hours of debate before time expires and the final votes are cast. That is it. That is it. We won’t have seen a bill until the last minute, and then one-sixth of our economy is going to be handled and framed for dec-ades to come in a short and regrettably partisan debate. I have said from day one that the Af-fordable Care Act is not perfect. No major piece of legislation ever is. For major legislation to work and for it to last, it has to be bipartisan. That is why I mentioned that I put in a bipar-tisan bill—eight Democrats and eight Republicans. But you don’t get it ex-actly your way. So I was very glad when the Affordable Care Act took that portion of our bill—the portion of the bill that had airtight, guaranteed protection for Americans from dis-crimination when they had preexisting conditions. The reason we felt it was so impor-tant—the 16 of us, eight Democrats and eight Republicans—is that if we open up the opportunity for discriminating against people with preexisting condi-tions again, we take America back to the days when healthcare was for the healthy and the wealthy. That is what happens if you allow that discrimina-tion. If you are healthy, there is no problem. If you are wealthy, there is no problem, either. You can just write out the checks if you have preexisting con-ditions. The process the Senate is headed down now is as partisan as it gets. Un-fortunately, what Senate Republicans are doing now makes what the House was up to almost transparent. I am going to close here with just one last comment. Now is the time for the American people to get loud about healthcare—really loud—because the well-being and health of millions of Americans is at stake here in the Sen-ate over the next 2 weeks. For older people who could need nursing home care, for seniors who aren’t yet eligible for Medicare who are between 55 and 65 and who could face huge premium hikes, for the millions who work for employers who thought they were safe, the House bill removes the caps on the out-of-pocket expenses they have. If somebody gets cancer in America, they bust those caps in a hurry. Yet that is what the House is willing to do, and I don’t see any evidence the Senate is willing to change. This debate didn’t end when the the-atrical production on the South Lawn of the White House took place a few weeks after the vote in the House of Representatives. My hope is—and I sure heard about it from Oregonians last week when we had townhall meet-ings across the State; there is concern, there is fear, and there is frustration about why they can’t be told what is in this bill—that there is still time for Americans to make a difference be-cause political change doesn’t start from the top and go down. It is bottom up. It is not top down. It is bottom up. There is still time for the American people to be heard and to make sure their Senator understands how they feel about this, what is at stake, and, in particular, to get an explanation about why they can’t be told now what is in this bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The Senator from Texas, the majority whip. 
f 
PROTECT OUR CHILDREN ACT OF 2017 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am glad to see my friend from Con-necticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , on the floor because last week the Senate Ju-diciary Committee reported the PRO-TECT Our Children Act, which helps protect children across the country from exploitation over the internet. This is a bipartisan bill, not surpris-ingly so because last time this legisla-tion passed, originally back in 2008, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.056 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3548 June 15, 2017 
had 60 cosponsors, including 41 Demo-crats and 18 Republicans. But I have in-troduced this reauthorization with Senator H
ELLER from Nevada and Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL from Connecticut. It is something we call the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program. It reauthorizes those. I have had the sad experience of see-ing how dangerous the internet can be for our vulnerable children. When I was attorney general of Texas, I launched something we quaintly called at the time the Texas Internet Bureau. That was a long time ago, about 2000. Today, they call it the cyber crime unit, and they do a lot of even more sophisti-cated things. But the idea back then and the idea still today is to fight internet crimes and to work with law enforcement agencies around the State, including a Dallas-based task force. Now, 17 years later, these task forces are a national network of 61 coordi-nated units dedicated to protecting children from internet predators and investigating perpetrators who engage in these horrific crimes. These task forces are on the frontline every day, protecting our children online and res-cuing victims of exploitation and abuse. They also work with local agen-cies to create victim support programs and encourage proactive community education; for example, educating par-ents and adults of the sorts of things their children might be exposed to on-line that they might not know about. So we need to educate families and children about the risks the internet can hold, together with the wonderful opportunities it also presents. This is really the dark underbelly of the inter-net. It requires a depth of resources to fight child predators online. My experi-ence as attorney general was that local law enforcement agencies didn’t have the tax base. They didn’t have the ex-pertise. They didn’t have the com-puters and the other sophistication they needed in order to combat this in their local communities. Over the past few years we have been able to save many lives from crime on-line, and it would be a mistake now to change course. We cannot lose this critical tool. Just for the information of col-leagues, we put this on the hotline which, for those who don’t work in the Senate, means we asked all Members of the Senate to comment on this and to let us know if they had any objection to its passage. Hearing none, Mr. President, as in legislative session, I now ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Cal-endar No. 122, S. 782. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 782) to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 782) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 782 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology To Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Our Children Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL INTERNET CRIMES AGAINST CHIL-DREN TASK FORCE PROGRAM. 
Title I of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 105(h) (42 U.S.C. 17615(h)), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (2) in section 107(a)(10) (42 U.S.C. 17617(a)(10)), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I came to the floor to talk about healthcare, but I wanted to be here on this occasion to join my distinguished colleague from Texas in supporting this measure because it is so vital to protecting children. Like the distinguished Senator from Texas, I, too, was attorney general, and we in Connecticut have been at the forefront of fighting this internet and cyber threat to the welfare of our chil-dren. So I want to express my thanks to him for working in a very bipartisan way. At a time when the public, many commentators, and media question whether we work together across the aisle, this bill is a very apt example of how we can and we must work together to protect our children, to advance our national interests, and to make sure that criminal justice is effectively en-forced in this country. I look forward to working with my colleague in making sure this measure becomes law. I yield the floor. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, one of the things we are debating right now is, What is the future of the Affordable Care Act or, I should say, healthcare in the United States? One thing we can all agree to is that the individual mar-ket under the Affordable Care Act—or ObamaCare, as it is commonly called— is not doing well. I will put up this Facebook post from a constituent in Louisiana named Brian. He wrote in to say: My family plan is $1,700 a month. Me, my wife, and 2 children. The ACA has brought me to my knees. 
He doesn’t say this, but we know that, most likely, his family deductible is $13,000. 
I hope we can get something done. . . . The middle class is dwindling away. Can every-one just come together and figure this out? 
So his family is putting out $20,000 a year for insurance. They most likely have a $13,000 family deductible. They have two children, a young family, $33,000 of out-of-pocket expenses before they would see significant benefit from their policy. Clearly, we have a prob-lem. When he was campaigning, Candidate Trump recognized this, and he said over and over that his contract with the voters was to maintain coverage, lower premiums, address and care for those with preexisting conditions, and to eliminate the ObamaCare mandates. This, if you will, was his contract with the voters—a pretty good contract. I think it is something both parties can get behind. Candidate Trump and then President- elect Trump doubled down on this just before taking the oath of office, saying: ‘‘People covered under the law’’— meaning the law that he would support to replace the Affordable Care Act— ‘‘can expect to have great healthcare. It will be in a much simplified form. Much less expensive and much better.’’ Indeed, the President of the United States seemed, again, to renew this commitment this past week at a lunch with 15 Senators at the White House, once more saying how we have to have a law that lowers premiums and cares for those with preexisting conditions. That is the baseline. Some would argue, has President Trump committed himself to some right that previously did not exist that all Americans would have healthcare? I am a physician, a doctor. I worked in a public hospital for the uninsured for so long. I can tell you, Congress created a right to healthcare when it passed the Emergency Medical Treat-ment and Labor Act. I think President Clinton was the one who signed it into law. This said that anyone—whether they were a U.S. citizen or not—could come to an emergency room and re-ceive all the care they needed, and if they could not pay, they would still re-ceive care. Whenever somebody says ‘‘My gosh, folks don’t have a right to healthcare,’’ I note that when I was in the emer-gency room at 2 o’clock in the morn-ing, as long as those emergency door rooms were open, there were people coming through. They would have con-gestive heart failure, COPD, diabetes out of control, gunshot wounds, or vomiting blood. They could be schizo-phrenic or a drug overdose. As long as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.058 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3549 June 15, 2017 
that patient or those patients came through the door, we treated them, and someone paid. I would say that it is the fiscally con-servative way that if Congress is going to say ‘‘My gosh, everybody has a right to healthcare,’’ then we should come up with a considered way to pay for it, as opposed to forcing the hospital to shift the cost of this care to other sources—principally, by the way, small businesses paying higher premiums for their employees, higher rates to pay for the uninsured. The fiscally conserv-ative way is ‘‘Let’s address these needs.’’ As a physician, I will also say that the best business practice ways to ad-dress somebody with chronic health conditions is to actually manage the disease. If you have a diabetic who doesn’t have insurance, she may come to the hospital once a month with dia-betes out of control. You have to start an IV and put her in the hospital, per-haps overnight, sometimes in the hos-pital for longer. This can cost thou-sands of dollars. Contrast this with having that patient with a primary care physician so that you can manage her disease. Not only is her health bet-ter, but you spend a lot less money. In fact, the wisest corporations in our country now consider the health of their employees as a cost center. What can we do to have the best outcomes at the lowest price? This is the most fis-cally conservative way. I think that is the approach we should take as a coun-try. This brings us to the next point. How do we achieve that which President Trump suggested, which was that we would maintain coverage, lower pre-miums, care for those with preexisting conditions, and eliminate mandates in a way that we could achieve it? Some folks say that you cannot achieve this. I disagree with this. The way to achieve it is to embrace each of President Trump’s goals. S
USAN  C
OLLINS and four other Senators and I have put forward a bill called the Pa-tient Freedom Act. In the Patient Freedom Act, the approach we take is to first maintain the coverage Presi-dent Trump spoke of, but we do it by eliminating mandates. We give the States the options of doing something called automatic enrollment. It means it is easy to be enrolled. On our income taxes, for example, Republicans have always said: We want to make it easy to pay your taxes—not 16 pages of forms that you have to fill out with a CPA and an attorney but, rather, something you can do on one page. We need to make enrollment in insurance easy. The second thing—if you can expand the enrollment, we can take from what we know works, which is on Medicare. When someone turns 65, he or she is automatically on Medicare. They don’t have to fill out a bunch of forms on-line. Rather, they are just on Medicare. They get a card. Here is your Medicare card. You are in unless you don’t want to be. If you don’t want to be, we make it easy to get out. You just call up and say: I don’t want to be on Medicare. And you are not. It turns out that 99 percent of Americans like this simple approach, and they stay on Medicare. We could expand coverage and make it simple, still eliminating mandates by giving States the option to say to their residents, you are in unless you are out. We are going to make it sim-ple. If you are eligible for this credit, you would get the credit. And unless you call us up and say that you don’t want it, you would be enrolled in an insur-ance program. In this way, we care for those with preexisting conditions. How is that the case? If you have a few sick people in the insurance pool, then the only peo-ple whom you can spread that risk among are the few and the sick in the pool. Every year they pay higher and higher premiums. On the other hand, if you can expand the risk pool to include all the young ‘‘healthies’’—the folks who think themselves immortal, who on an aver-age year may only have $500 or $800 worth of healthcare expenses—if you can incorporate all of them in your risk pool, then the expense of the few and the sick is spread out over the many and the healthy. Instead of pre-miums rising because of one person’s illness, premiums hardly budge because the cost of that care is spread over so many. We call it a risk pool for a reason. If you take a cup of water and you pour it in a large swimming pool, the level of that swimming pool does not change because that big pool absorbs the water. If you take a cup of water and you pour it in a smaller cup of water, it overflows. We need to make it where it is the former situation—where we have a big risk pool with lots of young, healthy people with whom we can share that risk over the many and not the few. In this way, we can lower premiums. It was modeled that if we did auto-matic enrollment in my State, still maintain the enrollment of the older and the sicker who are already in, we would lower premiums by 20 percent. That is the power of giving the States the option to make it simpler for peo-ple to be enrolled in their insurance. The conservative way to approach our healthcare reform is to recognize that President Trump’s contract with the voter on the campaign trail is the pathway to achieving his goals. As we do that in a fiscally conservative way, we recognize that we should not move this cost of care off to small busi-nesses. We should go ahead and pay for it. It is fiscally conservative to manage these patients’ illnesses, as opposed to have them going to an emergency room every so often for emergency room care. Lastly, we have to say that if we em-brace Republican ideas of making it simpler to be in a plan, as opposed to more complicated, we are more likely to have that risk pool that is inclusive of many who are healthy, not just a few who are sick. I look forward to replacing the Af-fordable Care Act—the un-Affordable Care Act as it has become—with some-thing that embraces conservative prin-ciples and fulfills President Trump’s campaign pledges. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is nice to see the Presiding Officer again today—again and again. I don’t know if I will be your last speaker, but I will try not to keep you here too long just in case. I know the Presiding Officer has been through Delaware a time or two and the Senator from Louisiana has been through my State. I have been through theirs. I am going to talk about a 14-year- old young man who lives in Delaware. I used to say to my friend from Lou-isiana: Thanks for working, trying to get us to pull together and do some-thing across the aisle on healthcare. We will see how it turns out. If you come up I–95 on your way to Philadelphia, PA, Trenton, NJ, New York City, Boston, or Maine, you pass through Delaware. As you cross from Maryland into Delaware heading north, you cross into Delaware and go through the toll plaza, and then almost immediately you are at the intersec-tion of a road called State Route 896, a north-south highway. If you happen to go north on 896, you go into Newark, DE, and you go right by the University of Delaware, which is there in Newark, DE. We don’t pro-nounce it Newark. We pronounce it New-ark, as if it were two words—New- ark. Even though it is one word, we pronounce it as if it were two words, New-ark. If you go north, you go on 896, you go right into the University of Delaware. I took that road over 40 years ago while I was still in the Navy and on leave with the Navy, trying to figure out where to go to graduate school. I went north on 896 and ended up falling in love with the University of Delaware and applied to graduate school there, and I made my life in Delaware. If you go south on 896—when you intersect 896 and I–95, you don’t go to the University of Delaware. You don’t go to Newark. You go south to a town called Middletown. It is one word. There are some extraordinary athletes, high school athletes in Middletown. For many years, their principal high school was Middletown High School. They have a couple of other schools there now, but one is Appoquinimink High School. In Middletown, they are the Cavaliers. The other is the Jaguars. The Jaguars have a new school; Appoquinimink is a newer school. Mid-dletown has been around forever. They have a history of great athletes. Year after year, they have won cham-pionships, including football—State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.060 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3550 June 15, 2017 
football championships—and men’s sports and women’s sports. The key to their successes is that these kids grew up together, and they played sports when they were Peewees. They played sports when they were in middle school. By the time they got to high school, they had worked together, trained together, and knew each other, and they did well as a team. I met another athlete from Middle-town a couple of weeks ago. He came by my office with, I believe, his mom. I think it was his mom. We have a pho-tograph of him right here. He is an un-likely athlete. He is 14 years old. He is from Middletown, DE. His mom’s name is Jennifer. They told me what it was like for Mi-chael—Michael Davis—to grow up in and live with a disease called cystic fi-brosis. Before we talked much about cystic fibrosis and his preexisting con-dition, we talked about something we have a passion about, and that is run-ning. I am all of 70 years old. I still work out every day. I have been doing this since I was a brandnew ensign in the Navy and on my way to Pensacola, FL, to become a naval flight officer and serve our country around the world. I like to run every day. This guy does, too—almost every day. There is a difference. The difference is that he has cystic fibrosis. I will talk about what that means in a minute, but despite the lung condition he has, he has defied the odds to be alive today—and not just to be alive today, but to become quite an athlete. I don’t know how many people in the Chamber—I look at our new pages who are here, their first week on the job, and I don’t know how many of them have run half marathons. I run have run quite a few in Delaware over the years, but I don’t have cystic fibrosis. This guy can run a half marathon and beat me into the floor and beat me into the road, at least. I need to yield to him when he goes by. We have been joined on the floor today by the majority leader. When he shows up, along with a guy who is a fast runner, I yield to them. I will yield to the leader so he can take care of business, and then I will pick up when he finishes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I thank my friend from Delaware. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, one thing we learn at a young age is the very basic principle that, when you give your word, you keep it. On June I, on the international stage, President Trump signaled to the rest of the world that America cannot be relied upon to meet this very basic tenet. On one warm afternoon in Washington, Presi-dent Trump withdrew the United States from one of the most sweeping global environmental accords in gen-erations. Abandoning our obligations to the Paris climate accords doesn’t make America great. It doesn’t reflect America’s traditional role as inno-vator, leader, and standard bearer in our shared commitment to protecting the environment. The chief U.S. negotiator of those ac-cords, Todd Stern, is a former member of my staff. No one among the ranks of our government was closer to these ne-gotiations, which led to a deal that was a win for American workers and busi-nesses and a first step toward ensuring the survival of our planet. His words, published by the Washington Post on June 1, should be required reading for every American, including the Presi-dent. By reneging on our pledge to honor these accords, which were forged through U.S. leadership, President Trump is ceding American leadership in emerging clean energy technologies and worsening one of the genuine exis-tential threats to the world. The Presi-dent’s decision was a serious setback in our fight to save our planet. But as Mr. Stem writes, ‘‘This is not the end of the line. This is a call to arms.’’ Governors and mayors and State and local officials are heeding this call, re-jecting the President’s decision, and pledging to move forward with aggres-sive efforts to curb climate change. President Trump may think this is the end of America’s involvement in the Paris climate accord. But, like Todd Stern, I believe a majority of Ameri-cans will reject this move. I, too, hope they will double down on our shared commitment to protecting our environ-ment and our world for generations to come. I ask unanimous consent that Mr. Stern’s column, ‘‘Trump just betrayed the world. Now the world will fight back,’’ be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, June 1, 2017] T
RUMP JUSTBETRAYED THE WORLD . NOWTHE W
ORLD WILLFIGHT BACK. (By Todd Stern) President Trump has made a colossal mis-take in deciding to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. There is simply no case for withdrawal, other than a desire to double down on an ill-informed campaign promise, while the case for staying in is over-whelming. But damaging as it is, this deci-sion is not the beginning of the end for ef-forts to contain climate change. The world decided in Paris to confront the climate threat, and it is not turning back. Around the world, climate change is a me-tastasizing danger, for some countries even an existential threat. It was understood in the years leading up to the Paris negotiation that the climate challenge could be met only with a new kind of agreement premised on concerted effort by all. That agreement—am-bitious, universal, transparent, balanced— was reached in Paris, with the help of U.S. leadership every step of the way. Trump’s suggestion Thursday that he is willing to renegotiate the deal to make it fairer to the United States doesn’t pass the straight-face test. The Paris agreement—for anyone who actually understands it—is en-tirely fair to the United States. The idea that 194 other countries will listen to Trump’s insulting Rose Garden blather and say, ‘‘Sure, let’s sit down and negotiate a new deal’’ is ridiculous. Instead, Trump’s decision will be seen as an ugly betrayal—self-centered, callous, hol-low, cruel. The ravages of climate change have been on display in recent years in the superstorms, floods, rising sea levels, droughts, fires and deadly heat waves that will only get worse as the carbon index mounts. Vulnerable countries will look at the United States, the richest power on Earth, the largest historic emitter of green-house gases, and think—even if they do not say—how dare you? President Barack Obama once said to busi-ness leaders, in a Roosevelt Room meeting I attended, that climate change was the one threat, other than nuclear weapons, with the potential to alter the course of human progress. A near-consensus of major U.S. companies urged the Trump administration to stay in the agreement because they know climate change is real, that the Paris agree-ment is a good and balanced deal, that their own concerns on matters such as intellectual property and trade will be defended only if U.S. negotiators are at the table and that turning the United States into a climate- change pariah will be bad for business, for access to markets and for investment. But our chief-executive president decided to leave U.S. business in the lurch. All this is more than disappointing. And watching the so-called internal battle on this issue play out between determined an-tagonists on the one side and diffident, sotto voce defenders on the other was downright depressing. But let’s be clear: This is not the end of the line. This is a call to arms. Countries won’t follow Trump out of the Paris climate agreement and over a cliff. They won’t give Trump the satisfaction of ‘‘canceling’’ the agreement, as he promised during his campaign. They will want to show that they can carry on without the United States. And they know too well that climate change is real and that if the Paris regime fell apart, they’d just have to build it again. They will hold on to the hope that the cur-rent administration will be a one-term won-der. It is true that, in the longer run, it would be difficult for the Paris regime to produce accelerated action at the level that is needed without the United States. But other countries will probably bet that the United States will come back. Progressive U.S. states and cities also have a crucial role to play, not only in extending the good work they are already doing on cli-mate change, but also by sending a clear and resounding message to the global commu-nity: that while Trump’s Washington may have gone dark on climate change, inspired centers of innovation and commitment are lighting the way forward all over the coun-try. In states such as California and New York, Washington, Oregon, Minnesota, Illi-nois and North Carolina, and in New Eng-land; in cities such as New York, Chicago, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.061 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3551 June 15, 2017 
Los Angeles, Houston and New Orleans, among many others. These entities account for a sizable chunk of both U.S. gross domes-tic product and carbon emissions. They may not be able to get the United States all the way to our 2025 Paris emissions target, but they have the potential to go far. Private companies, too, have been instru-mental in driving the clean-energy revolu-tion, pursuing the massive economic oppor-tunities presented by the need to decarbonize our energy system. And consumers are in-creasingly demanding that companies not only provide desirable products or services, but also stand as good corporate citizens. Finally, for citizens, it is time to hold our leaders accountable at all levels of govern-ment. Protecting our nation, our children and our American heritage should not be op-tional for an elected leader. Nor should pre-serving America’s singular standing in the world. Thursday was not a good day for climate change, and it was not a good day for the United States. Nothing we say now can change that. But it is a day that needs to be remembered as the visible moment the rear- guard opposition went too far. It is a day to spark action and resolve. It is a day that needs to count. f 
RUSSIA SANCTIONS LEGISLATION Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the United States must send an un-equivocal message to Vladimir Putin: we will not tolerate attacks on democ-racy in the United States or in Europe. That is why I have long pressed for harsher sanctions on Russia, including with Secretary of State Tillerson in his June 13 appearance before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations. I am a strong supporter of amendment No. 232 to S. 722 on Russia sanctions. While I missed the vote on June 14 due to an unantici-pated illness, I would have voted yes had I been present. I voted yes on the passage of S. 722 today. The Kremlin’s ambitions are clear. It interferes in elections in the United States and Europe, in an attempt to undermine public faith in the demo-cratic process. It wants to erode the co-hesion and strength of our NATO alli-ance. It bolsters the hand of brutal dic-tators like Bashar al-Assad. It wages wars in Ukraine and Georgia, sup-porting insurrections against the gov-ernment. It seeks to reestablish a lead-ing role on the world’s stage through an unraveling of the international order. Russia’s use of subversion, disinformation, and irregular warfare are nothing new. However, in this last U.S. presidential cycle, Russia launched an unprecedented and multi-faceted campaign to undermine our elections—a view corroborated by our entire intelligence community. Russia paid more than 1,000 people—human trolls—to work out of a facility in St. Petersburg. These trolls spent their waking hours creating anti-Clinton fake news reports and disseminating these stories in key States and dis-tricts. Russia also used thousands of botnets to echo and amplify these fake news stories. Russia also targeted the election boards of 39 States in our country, successfully infiltrating at least four voter registration databases and gaining access to hundreds of thou-sands of voter records. They even at-tempted to infiltrate the Maryland State Elections Board, but were not successful. In response to these attacks, I filed an amendment to S. 722 that would en-sure the United States develops a stra-tegic, long-term approach to combat Russia’s cyber warfare. My amendment requires a unified strategy developed with our NATO allies and European partners to counter Russia’s cyber at-tacks, including Russia’s efforts to un-dermine our democratic elections. It would also require the FBI to establish a high-level cybersecurity liaison for Presidential campaigns and major na-tional campaign committees, so that the United States is prepared for Rus-sia’s next attempt to interfere with our elections. The liaison would share cyber threats as they arise and cyber security protocols with these organiza-tions to stave off cyber attacks. Given the critical importance of shoring up our own cyber defenses, I plan to intro-duce this amendment as standalone legislation at a later point. I also filed a second amendment to S. 722 that prohibits the President from returning diplomatic compounds in Maryland and New York that the United States seized last December, in response to Russian interference in our elections. It is outrageous that Presi-dent Trump is considering allowing the Russians access to these facilities, which they used to spy on the United States. I am proud to have worked with Senator C
ARDIN to incorporate this provision into the larger Russia sanc-tions bill. Senator C
ARDIN and I will keep working to hold Russia and the Trump administration accountable. This legislation demonstrates to our allies and partners around the world that the United States will not stand idly when our democracy is under at-tack. I commend my colleagues for working across the aisle to impose tougher sanctions on Russia. Today the Senate put patriotism over partisan-ship. 
f 
PRIDE ACT Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Police Re-porting of Information Data and Evi-dence Act, or PRIDE Act—legislation I introduced on Thursday, May 25, 2017. This bill would increase accountability and transparency for law enforcement by requiring States to report to the De-partment of Justice use of force inci-dents that occur between police offi-cers and civilians. I am proud to have introduced this important bill and I want to thank Senator C
HRIS VANHOL-
LEN for joining the legislation as an original cosponsor. I also want to thank Representative J
OAQUIN CASTRO  for introducing a House companion of the PRIDE Act. Across our Nation, law enforcement officers put their lives on the line each day to protect our communities. These individuals have answered the call to serve, and we owe these brave men and women our deepest respect and grati-tude. As mayor of Newark, NJ, I saw firsthand the dangers police officers face each and every day. They must make tough, split-second decisions that have life and death consequences. They truly have one of the toughest jobs in America. We must provide law enforcement with the tools and resources they need to do their jobs safely and effectively. That is why I have been a strong advo-cate for robust funding for the Byrne Justice Assistance Grant program, Bul-letproof Vest Partnership program, and the Community Oriented Policing Services Hiring program. These pro-grams support law enforcement in their mission and help make our com-munities safe. While the vast majority of police of-ficers serve with integrity and perform their duties without incident, we know that there are instances when officers engage in inappropriate uses of force. These cases are not emblematic of law enforcement as the whole; however, these incidents have eroded trust be-tween law enforcement and the com-munities they are sworn to protect. This is especially the case today due to the number of incidents that are caught on video and shared on the internet. This phenomena only exacer-bates the difficult job police officers have and fails to lend clarity to the ac-tual number of cases of excessive use of force that occur nationwide. We must work to shore up that trust deficit and ensure that those who break the law and use excessive force are held accountable and those who rightfully uphold the law are viewed in the correct light. We must collect more data on use of force incidents between law enforcement and civilians. As former Federal Bureau of Investiga-tions Director James Comey said in an address to Georgetown University, ‘‘Without complete and accurate data, we are left with ‘ideological thunder-bolts.’ And that helps spark unrest and distrust and does not help us get bet-ter.’’ For those reasons, I introduced the PRIDE Act. This legislation would re-quire States to report to the Justice Department any incident where use of force is used against a civilian or against a law enforcement officer. It would mandate the collection of cer-tain information such as national ori-gin, sex, race, ethnicity, age, physical disability, mental disability, English language proficiency, housing status, and school status of each civilian against whom law enforcement used force. It would require officers to record the date, time, and location of the incident and whether the jurisdic-tion allows for the open-carry or con-cealed-carry of a firearm. It would re-quire the officer to detail whether the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.048 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3552 June 15, 2017 
civilian was armed and the type of force used and the types of weapons used in the incident. The bill would re-quire the officer to explain why force was used, provide a description of any injuries sustained as a result of the in-cident, detail how many officers and ci-vilians were involved, and provide a brief description of the circumstances surrounding the incident. The bill would create a grant pro-gram to help smaller law enforcement agencies—those with 100 employees or less—comply with the provisions of the bill. Also, it would allow those agencies to use the grant money to create public awareness campaigns designed to gain information regarding shootings and use of force incidents against police of-ficers. Lastly, the legislation would allow agencies to use the funds to con-duct use-of-force training, including deescalation and bias training. There is no excuse not to collect more data on use of force incidents be-tween law enforcement officers and ci-vilians. Shining a spotlight on these in-stances will improve police-community relations, vindicate wrongly accused law enforcement officers, and provide lawmakers with the information they need to devise smart and effective pol-icy. I am proud to have introduced the PRIDE Act, and I urge its speedy pas-sage. 
f 
250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF LEBANON, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 250th anni-versary of the town of Lebanon, ME. Lebanon was built with a spirit of de-termination and resiliency that still guides the community today, and this is a time to celebrate the generations of hard-working and caring people who have made it such a wonderful place to live, work, and raise families. The year of Lebanon’s incorporation, 1767, was but one milestone in a long journey of progress. For thousands of years, the land of fields, streams, and forests of what is now southwestern Maine was the home of the Abenaki, who called the area ‘‘Towwoh,’’ mean-ing ‘‘a place to grind corn.’’ The many archeological treasures unearthed in the region include a large ancient stone mortar used by the Abenaki for that very purpose. In 1733, the Massachusetts General Court granted Towwoh Plantation to 60 colonists, and European settlement began. When the town was incor-porated on June 11, 1767, the name Leb-anon was chosen in reference to the Biblical land of fertile soil and tow-ering trees. With the Salmon Falls River and Lit-tle River providing power, Lebanon soon was home to many lumber, grain, and textile mills. The wealth produced by the land and by hard work and de-termination was invested in schools and churches to create a true commu-nity. Among the many prominent resi-dents of the town over the years was the Reverend Oren Burbank Cheney, who established the Lebanon Academy in 1849. His courage and vision as an outspoken opponent of slavery and ad-vocate for full rights for women and Native Americans so impressed Boston industrialist Benjamin Bates that, when Bates College was established in Lewiston in 1864, the Reverend Cheney was named as the first president of the esteemed school. The coming of the railroads in the late 1800s helped to make Lebanon a tourism destination, with fine hotels, inns, and restaurants. An early visitor was the famed Norwegian violinist, Ole Bornemann Bull, who performed a con-cert at one of the town’s remarkable attractions, the enormous cavern en-trance known as Gully Oven, in 1871. The virtuoso was so impressed by the acoustics of the natural amphitheater that he bought a home in Lebanon, be-coming one of the town’s first summer residents. Today visitors and residents alike enjoy Lebanon’s quiet parks, beautiful historic buildings, and exciting outdoor recreation opportunities. The energy and planning that are going into Leb-anon’s 250th anniversary celebration this July demonstrate the pride towns-people have in their town. The celebration of Lebanon’s 250th anniversary is not merely about the passing of time; it is about human ac-complishment. We celebrate the people who, for longer than America has been a nation, have pulled together, cared for one another, and built a great com-munity. Thanks to those who came be-fore, Lebanon, ME, has a wonderful his-tory. Thanks to those there today, it has a bright future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIFER SANTOS Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish to commend Jennifer Santos for her service on the Senate Committee on Appropriations. She has served for 5 years as a very capable budget analyst for the Sub-committee on Defense. Her accomplish-ments have been very impressive and a credit to the Senate. After graduating from Wheeling Jes-uit University with a degree in mathe-matics, Jennifer joined a defense con-tractor in support of the Air Force’s F– 22 program. She played an important role in that program and can be proud of her contribution to fielding the most capable fighter aircraft ever developed. Her talent was soon recognized by the Air Force where she served in a se-ries of important positions, including those involving special programs that are key to protecting our national se-curity. Jennifer established a reputa-tion for competence in working with leaders from Department of Defense, Congress, and other agencies to ensure the responsible allocation of taxpayer dollars. Jennifer’s detailed knowledge of military budgeting and acquisition sys-tems allowed her to make insightful recommendations to the sub-committee, which have resulted in the better investment of tens of billions of taxpayer dollars over her Senate ten-ure. In particular, her efforts have sup-ported increased Army helicopter pro-curement, important research and de-velopment projects funding, and legis-lation to improve the management of the Department of Defense. Jennifer Santos has upheld the high-est standards of a budget analyst, con-gressional staffer, and defense profes-sional. Although she is soon leaving the committee, I wish her all the best on her next steps in her distinguished career and thank her for her work in the U.S. Senate. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL SARAH B. GOLDMAN ∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute to my con-stituent LTC Sarah B. Goldman for her exemplary dedication to duty and serv-ice to the U.S. Army and to the United States of America. She has served the last year as the chief of Congressional Affairs, Office of the Army Surgeon General. Lieutenant Colonel Goldman was born and raised in Nashville, TN, and received her commission as a lieu-tenant junior grade in the U.S. Navy in 1998. Lieutenant Colonel Goldman transferred to the U.S. Army in 2008. Prior to her current assignment, LTC Sarah Goldman served as a congres-sional liaison in the office of the As-sistant Secretary of the Army, Finan-cial Management and Comptroller, as the medical liaison for the Army Sur-geon General. Lieutenant Colonel Goldman served as the Army Traumatic Brain Injury Program director at the Office of the Surgeon General, Rehabilitation and Reintegration Division, in Falls Church, VA, from 2010–2013. In 2011, she deployed to Afghanistan as a member of the International Security Assist-ance Force Joint Command’s special assistant for Health Affairs Health Service Support Assessment Team to review traumatic brain injury care in the Combined Joint Operations Area- Afghanistan. Lieutenant Colonel Goldman served as the Army’s service representative to multiple Department of Defense trau-matic brain injury working groups and, in 2010, was appointed as a member of the NATO Technical Team ‘‘Mild trau-matic brain injury in a Military Oper-ational Setting.’’ At the U.S. Army Re-search Institute of Environmental Medicine’s Military Performance Divi-sion Lieutenant Colonel Goldman con-ducted research studies related to reha-bilitation from traumatic brain injury and upper extremity neuromusculo-skeletal injuries. She deployed to Balad, Iraq, from August 2009 to Feb-ruary 2010 as a senior scientist with the Joint Combat Casualty Research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.048 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3553 June 15, 2017 
Team. Her Navy assignments include assistant department head, Physical and Occupational Therapy Department, Naval Hospital Jacksonville, and divi-sion officer, Educational and Develop-mental Intervention Services, Naval Hospital Yokosuka, Japan. In 2004, the Navy selected Lieutenant Colonel Goldman as the ‘‘Navy Occupational Therapist of the Year.’’ She holds a Ph.D. from Indiana Uni-versity in kinesiology and is a grad-uate of Washington University in St. Louis, master’s degree in occupational therapy and a bachelor of arts degree, with a follow-on fellowship at Vander-bilt University. Lieutenant Colonel Goldman has presented at numerous national conferences, authored peer-re-viewed professional articles in five dif-ferent scientific journals, has published a book chapter, and served as a re-viewer for two major rehabilitation journals. Lieutenant Colonel Goldman was the first Department of Defense representative appointed to the Amer-ican Occupational Therapy Associa-tion’s research advisory panel and is a member of the American Hand Therapy Foundation Board. On behalf of a grateful nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing and commending LTC Sarah Goldman for nearly two decades of Active service to her country. We wish Sarah and her family all the best as they continue their journey of service.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAM MOORE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Pam Moore, the Benchmark plant manager in Lewis and Clark County. Pam has spent many years su-pervising a staff of hard-working Mon-tanans doing their best to produce use-ful products for a variety of govern-ment agencies. For well over three decades, the Benchmark Manufacturing Plant in Helena has produced tens of thousands of backpacks that have been distrib-uted across the United States. For nearly 18 years, Pam has supervised production at the plant. Over half of Pam’s team at the plant are disabled Montanans, and that team has done highly respectable work under her guidance. Their quality products help U.S. Forest Service wildland fire-fighters carry their equipment. With our abundant forests in Montana, we know how important it is to have the proper equipment in the hands of our firefighters, and over the years, the employees at the Benchmark Manufac-turing Plant have had abundant suc-cess getting the right equipment to the right customer. For that, we are very grateful. Montanans have earned a well-de-served reputation for being reliable and hard-working, and Pam and her team are great examples of that assessment. When asked about her favorite part of the job, Pam said she enjoys that her teammates are able to work. Valuing work is a Montana tradition. Thank you, Pam, for having a steady hand helping others to overcome obstacles, reach their potential, and get the job done.∑ f 
REMEMBERING QUARRIER ‘‘Q’’ COOK ∑Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, from the moment she arrived in Santa Fe in 1983, Quarrier ‘‘Q’’ Cook gave back. She gave her time to the Santa Fe Commu-nity Foundation as a board member. She gave her knack for fundraising to the Santa Fe Chamber Music Festival as cochair of several endowment cam-paigns and as board president from 2002 to 2005. She gave her energy and atten-tion to many of New Mexico’s social services organizations. She gave whatever she could give to make New Mexico a better place. Last year, Q Cook and her husband Phillip Cook received the Santa Fe Community Foundation’s Philan-thropic Leadership Award during the annual Pinon Awards Ceremony. In her acceptance speech, she remarked that in order to be part of a community, ‘‘you have to help the community’’ in small and large ways. Q Cook’s commitment to these val-ues and her interest in helping others came from growing up in a family that always gave back and expected their children to do the same. She was born on April 7, 1935, in Wheeling, WV, to Thomas Moffat Block and Nancy Ful-ton and grew up seeing her parents’ commitment to activism and public service. She attended Vassar College, earned a political science degree, and became involved in political activism herself. She had three children: Thomas McKitrick Jones, Nancy Jones Carter, and Clare Fitz-Gerald Jones. She shared her love for the Southwest’s culture with her daughter Clare, with whom she opened a southwestern home furnishings boutique in Washington, DC, called Santa Fe Style. As the buyer for the store, Q made sure that New Mexico had a presence in our Na-tion’s Capital. Back at home, she was known as a driving force who achieved whatever goal she set out to reach. She was someone any New Mexican would want on their side, someone who was gen-erous, always willing to open her home, and give her time. At the Pinon Awards, she said, ‘‘We hope that a little bit of what we have done has made the world a better place for some people.’’ Q Cook made the world a better place for lots of us, and New Mexico is in-debted to her lifetime of service. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BALLARD FAMILY DAIRY AND CHEESE ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, it is not every day that we take a moment to commemorate America’s family-owned businesses that dedicate themselves to serving their local communities. I stand before you today to recognize a small business that emphasizes service, tradition, and family values. In my home State of Idaho, I have had the privilege of seeing firsthand Idahoans’ dynamic use of natural resources. In our State, we continue to watch our agricultural small businesses advance and thrive. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship, it is my privilege to honor Ballard Family Dairy and Cheese of Gooding as the Senate Small Busi-ness of the Month for June 2017. Ballard Family Dairy and Cheese has been a pioneer in Idaho’s artisan cheesemaking community and is a re-markable example of entrepreneurial innovation. With just a few Jersey calves and a strong work ethic, the Ballard family started their dairy farm in 1995. Steve and Stacie Ballard, along with their children, Travis and Jessica, have worked hard to perfect cheeses that are distinctive and can only be cultivated in Idaho’s unique climate. Their goal was to create a cheese that was specific to Idaho. Since then, the Ballard fam-ily has developed a successful in-house cheese facility that has produced nu-merous award-winning specialty cheeses. The Ballard family gained the skills to produce artisan cheeses over years of hard work and trial and error. Their determination has allowed them to produce a fresh and original-tasting commodity unique to Idaho. The Ballard family produces numer-ous types of hand-crafted cheeses, in-cluding cheddar, gouda, and cheese curds. Their facility produces approxi-mately 3,000 pounds of cheese daily. Ballard Family Dairy and Cheese cows are individually cared for, which en-sures that the calves are healthy and allows for the finest cheese. This well- executed cheese production system combined with small batch sizes en-ables the Ballard family to achieve the right consistencies for high-quality cheeses. Award-winning cheese is not the only noted accomplishments this family-run business has attained. In 2013, the Ballards’ cheese facility was distin-guished by the Innovation Center for U.S. Dairy as having ‘‘Outstanding Achievement in Energy Efficiency.’’ By adjusting their operational processes, their facility in Gooding has reduced their energy costs by about $23,000 an-nually. Beyond the Ballard family’s thriving retail throughout the State, the Ballards also provide educational re-sources with their cheese purchasing information to Idahoans who are inter-ested in learning about cheesemaking methods. Ballard Family Dairy and Cheese is an exceptional example of the entrepreneurial spirit of Idaho agri-culture and of innovative energy prac-tices from a family-owned business. I would like to extend my sincerest con-gratulations to the Ballard family and all of the employees of Ballard Family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.042 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3554 June 15, 2017 
Dairy and Cheese for being selected as the June 2017 Small Business of the Month. You make our great State proud, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 1:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1083. An act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:29 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2372. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules re-lating to veteran health insurance and eligi-bility for the premium tax credit. H.R. 2579. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, June 15, 2017, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1083. An act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 304. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copay-ment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–112). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: S. 346. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System (Rept. No. 115–113). f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO for the Committee on Environment and Public Works. *Kristine L. Svinicki, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2022. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho. Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma. Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellec-tual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Ex-ecutive Office of the President. Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Di-rector of United States Citizenship and Im-migration Services, Department of Home-land Security. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Ms. S TABENOW ): S. 1361. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician as-sistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, inten-sive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER: S. 1362. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to consolidate certain eligi-bility tiers under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 1363. A bill to streamline the process for broadband facility location applications on Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. R UBIO): S. 1364. A bill to establish within the Smithsonian Institution the National Mu-seum of the American Latino, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 1365. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to include victims of acts of terror in the evaluation and treatment of veterans and civilians at military treatment facili-ties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. BALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. K AINE, and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 1366. A bill to direct the Secretary of De-fense to review the discharge characteriza-tion of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 1367. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to conduct a study and issue a report that quantifies the energy savings benefits of operational efficiency programs and services for commercial, institutional, industrial, and governmental entities; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. 1368. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. R EED, Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 1369. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish an excise tax on certain prescription drugs which have been subject to a price spike, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 1370. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects re-lating to children and violence to provide ac-cess to school-based comprehensive mental health programs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. R EED, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. K ING, Mr. U DALL , Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M UR-
PHY, and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 1371. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to strengthen the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 1372. A bill to require updated limits on levels of lead in fruit juice beverages and an updated tolerable daily level of lead exposure from foods, and for other purposes; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.046 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3555 June 15, 2017 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mr. C ASSIDY ): S. 1373. A bill to designate the Gulf of Mex-ico Alliance as a Regional Coordination Partnership of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER: S. 1374. A bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide ac-cess to medical marijuana, and enable re-search into the medicinal properties of mari-juana; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 1375. A bill to repeal section 3003 of the Carl Levin and Howard P . ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 1376. A bill to ensure that all fast- tracked reconciliation bills are subject to a committee hearing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. S TRANGE , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. Res. 191. A resolution designating June 20, 2017, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and cele-brating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 192. A resolution congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their historic championship victory in the 2017 National Basketball Association Finals; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. HASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
TRANGE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 193. A resolution commending the bravery of the United States Capitol Police, the Police Department of Alexandria, Vir-ginia, and all first responders who protected Members of Congress, their staff, and others during the shooting on June 14, 2017, at Eu-gene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, Virginia; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): S. Res. 194. A resolution designating June 15, 2017, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. COCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to com-plex rehabilitative wheelchairs and ac-cessories. At the request of Mr. C
ASEY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 486, supra. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act to fa-cilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 635 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 635, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prohibit the exclusion of individuals from service on a Federal jury on account of sexual orientation or gender identity. 
S. 666 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 666, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities. 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
AR-
REN) were added as cosponsors of S. 667, a bill to amend titles 5, 10, 37, and 38, United States Code, to ensure that an order to serve on active duty under sec-tion 12304a or 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of members of the uniformed services and veterans for certain benefits and for calculating the deadlines for certain benefits. 
S. 678 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 678, a bill to declare English as the offi-cial language of the United States, to establish a uniform English language rule for naturalization, and to avoid misconstructions of the English lan-guage texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Congress’ powers to provide for the general welfare of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.014 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3556 June 15, 2017 
United States and to establish a uni-form rule of naturalization under arti-cle I, section 8, of the Constitution. 
S. 708 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 708, a bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 722, an Act to Provide Congres-sional Review and to Counter Iranian and Russian Governments’ Aggression. 
S. 839 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 839, a bill to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing na-tional emission standards for haz-ardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ce-ramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule. 
S. 967 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 967, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to increase access to ambulance services under the Medicare program and to reform pay-ments for such services under such pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 981 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 981, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Energy to establish an energy efficiency materials pilot program. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1024 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1024, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of deci-sions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. S. 1122 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1122, a bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to clarify when the time pe-riod for the issuance of citations under such Act begins and to require a rule to clarify that an employer’s duty to make and maintain accurate records of work-related injuries and illnesses is an ongoing obligation. 
S. 1196 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1196, a bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile defense system of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1268 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1268, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act to allow States to provide fos-ter care maintenance payments for children with parents in a licensed resi-dential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse and to reauthorize grants to improve the well-being of families affected by substance abuse. 
S. 1311 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1311, a bill to provide as-sistance in abolishing human traf-ficking in the United States. 
S. 1312 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1312, a bill to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. 
S. 1343 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1343, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 1350 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1350, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act with re-spect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identi-fication of pre-election issues, and to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be pro-vided to the National Labor Relations Board. S. RES. 49 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 49, a resolution de-claring that achieving the primary goal of the National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease of the Department of Health and Human Services to pre-vent and effectively treat Alzheimer’s disease by 2025 is an urgent national priority. 
AMENDMENT NO . 232 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 232 proposed to S. 722, an Act to Provide Congressional Re-view and to Counter Iranian and Rus-sian Governments’ Aggression. 
AMENDMENT NO . 240 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 240 pro-posed to S. 722, an Act to Provide Con-gressional Review and to Counter Ira-nian and Russian Governments’ Ag-gression. 
AMENDMENT NO . 250 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 250 pro-posed to S. 722, an Act to Provide Con-gressional Review and to Counter Ira-nian and Russian Governments’ Ag-gression. At the request of Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 250 proposed to S. 722, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BOOKER: S. 1374. A bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, pro-vide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the introduction of the bipartisan Compassionate Ac-cess, Research Expansion, and Respect States Act, or CARERS Act. The bill would make our Federal laws dealing with medical marijuana fairer and help ensure that Americans have access to the care they need. I am proud to in-troduce this legislation, and I want to thank Senators R
AND PAUL and K
IRSTEN GILLIBRAND for working with me on this bill. I also want to thank Senators L
ISA MURKOWSKI , A L F
RANKEN , and M IKELEEfor joining the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.017 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3557 June 15, 2017 
CARERS Act as original cosponsors and Representatives S
TEVE COHEN and D
ONYOUNG for introducing a House companion bill. Right now, regardless of whether you are in a State that has legalized med-ical marijuana, it is illegal under Fed-eral law. This inconsistency puts grow-ers, distributors, and patients at great risk of Federal prosecution even though they are in compliance with State law. In 2013, the Department of Justice issued guidance to Federal prosecutors to refrain from prosecuting individuals that use, purchase, or sell marijuana in States where it is legal as long as a State regulatory framework exists that maintains certain standards, such as a ban on sales to minors. As a result of this guidance, more and more States have taken steps to legalize medical marijuana. Sadly, despite this guidance, the in-ability of the Federal Government to be aligned with States regarding the le-gality of medical marijuana has re-sulted in confusion and uncertainty for State lawmakers and the public about what the law requires. This lack of clarity is only part of the problem. In-dividual users of medical marijuana in States with legalized medical mari-juana continue to be targeted by the Drug Enforcement Agency. And now, more than ever, I am espe-cially concerned with Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions as our Nation’s top law enforcement officer. His radical stance on marijuana is way out of the mainstream, and he has taken steps to reinvigorate the failed War on Drugs. Recently, he wrote a letter to Senate and House leadership asking them not to renew an appropriations rider that prevents the Justice Department from spending money on cases that involve individuals who are in compliance with State medical marijuana laws. He said, ‘‘I believe it would be unwise for Con-gress to restrict the discretion of the Department to fund particular prosecu-tions, particularly in the midst of an historic drug epidemic and potentially long-term uptick in violent crime.’’ Contrary to Attorney General Ses-sions’ views, this is not a problem we can jail ourselves out of. Individuals who use medical mari-juana in States where it is legal should not fear prosecution simply based on prosecutorial discretion. It is time for Congress to act. Today, I reintroduced the CARERS Act. First, and most importantly, the bill would end the Federal prohibition of medical marijuana. Millions of Americans need to gain access to the medicine that works best for them. The Federal Government’s current stance on medical marijuana has only created confusion and uncertainty. This bill would prohibit the Federal Govern-ment from prosecuting persons who are in compliance with State medical marijuana laws and let people gain ac-cess to the care they need. The bill would also allow States to import cannabidiol, commonly called CBD for short. CBD is an oil substance made from a marijuana plant that con-tains virtually no THC—meaning you experience no high from the drug. CBD is the medicine so many children need—along with thousands of other individuals with Dravet syndrome—to control seizures. We must make this important drug more available so peo-ple can access the medication they need. The bill would promote research. A large problem for our Nation is that not enough research exists on the im-pact of medical marijuana. We know there are legitimate medical uses of the drug, but we can learn much more. We need to allow experts to access the drug to conduct tests and clinical trials to fully understand the effects of the drug and how it can best be uti-lized. This will only benefit the doctors that prescribe it, the lawmakers that regulate it, and the people that need it. Finally, the bill would allow VA doc-tors to recommend medical marijuana to veterans in States that have legal-ized medical marijuana. Many men and women in uniform who have bravely served our Nation come home with in-visible wounds of war, and they deserve the best care available. This means al-lowing them access to the medicine they need to heal or control their con-dition. Those who have served our Na-tion deserve to be served by us, and that means receiving the best care available. The CARERS Act was the first med-ical marijuana bill introduced in the Senate. Unfortunately, we did not pass it in the last Congress, but I am hope-ful that in the 115th Congress we can get this bill across the finish line and send it to the President’s desk for sig-nature. I, again, want to thank my col-leagues who worked with me on this bill, and I urge its speedy passage. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 1376. A bill to ensure that all fast- tracked reconciliation bills are subject to a committee hearing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 1376 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Hearing, No Vote Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COMMITTEE HEARINGS FOR RECONCILI-ATION BILLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 641) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) C
OMMITTEE HEARINGS FOR RECONCILI -
ATION BILLS.—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any reconciliation bill or reconciliation resolution, unless— ‘‘(1) the reconciliation bill or reconcili-ation resolution was— ‘‘(A) ordered reported to the Senate under subsection (b)(1) by the committee of the Senate receiving reconciliation instructions; or ‘‘(B) reported by the Committee on the Budget of the Senate under subsection (b)(2) after receiving recommendations ordered to be reported to the Committee on the Budget by 1 or more committees of the Senate re-ceiving reconciliation instructions; and ‘‘(2) each committee that ordered reported the reconciliation bill or reconciliation reso-lution or ordered recommendations to be re-ported to the Committee on the Budget held not less than 1 hearing regarding any major provision of the reconciliation bill or rec-onciliation resolution within the jurisdiction of such committee.’’. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘310(h),’’ after ‘‘310(d)(2),’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2), by inserting ‘‘310(h),’’ after ‘‘310(d)(2),’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 194—DESIG-NATING JUNE 15, 2017, AS ‘‘WORLD ELDER ABUSE AWARE-NESS DAY’’ Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 194 Whereas the Federal Government esti-mates that more than 1 in 10 persons over the age of 60 are victims of elder abuse each year; Whereas abuse, neglect, and exploitation of older adults in the United States goes un-identified and unreported due to an inability to report or a fear of reporting; Whereas only 1 in 14 cases of financial abuse of older adults is reported; Whereas at least $2,900,000,000 is taken from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation; Whereas elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation have no boundaries and cross all ra-cial, social, class, gender, and geographic lines; Whereas older adults who are abused are 3 times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused; Whereas 
1⁄2of all older adults with demen-tia will experience abuse; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.020 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3558 June 15, 2017 
Whereas providing unwanted medical treatment can be a form of elder abuse and exploitation; Whereas public awareness has the poten-tial to increase the identification and report-ing of elder abuse by the public, profes-sionals, and victims, and can act as a cata-lyst to promote issue-based education and long-term prevention; Whereas private individuals and public agencies must work together on the Federal, State, and local levels to combat increasing occurrences of abuse, neglect, exploitation crime, and violence against vulnerable older adults and vulnerable adults, particularly in light of limited resources for vital protective services; and Whereas 2017 is the 12th anniversary of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 15, 2017, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’; (2) recognizes judges, lawyers, adult pro-tective services professionals, law enforce-ment officers, long-term care ombudsmen, social workers, health care providers, profes-sional guardians, advocates for victims, and other professionals and agencies for the ef-forts to advance awareness of elder abuse; and (3) encourages members of the public and professionals who work with older adults to act as catalysts to promote awareness and long-term prevention of elder abuse by reaching out to local adult protective serv-ices agencies, long-term care ombudsman programs, and the National Center on Elder Abuse, and by learning to recognize, detect, report, and respond to elder abuse. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 191—DESIG-NATING JUNE 20, 2017, AS ‘‘AMER-ICAN EAGLE DAY’’ AND CELE-BRATING THE RECOVERY AND RESTORATION OF THE BALD EAGLE, THE NATIONAL SYMBOL OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ORKER , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. S TRANGE , and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 191 Whereas the bald eagle was chosen as the central image of the Great Seal of the United States on June 20, 1782, by the Founding Fa-thers at the Congress of the Confederation; Whereas the bald eagle is widely known as the living national symbol of the United States and for many generations has rep-resented values, such as— (1) freedom; (2) democracy; (3) courage; (4) strength; (5) spirit; (6) independence; (7) justice; and (8) excellence; Whereas the bald eagle is unique to North America and cannot be found naturally in any other part of the world, which was one of the primary reasons the Founding Fathers selected the bald eagle to symbolize the Gov-ernment of the United States; Whereas the bald eagle is the central image used in the official logos of many branches and departments of the Federal Government, including— (1) the Executive Office of the President; (2) Congress; (3) the Supreme Court of the United States; (4) the Department of Defense; (5) the Department of the Treasury; (6) the Department of Justice; (7) the Department of State; (8) the Department of Commerce; (9) the Department of Homeland Security; (10) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (11) the Department of Labor; (12) the Department of Health and Human Services; (13) the Department of Energy; (14) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (15) the Central Intelligence Agency; and (16) the United States Postal Service; Whereas the bald eagle is an inspiring sym-bol of the spirit of freedom and the sov-ereignty of the United States; Whereas the image and symbolism of the bald eagle has— (1) played a significant role in art, music, literature, architecture, commerce, edu-cation, and culture in the United States; and (2) appeared on United States stamps, cur-rency, and coinage; Whereas the bald eagle was endangered and facing possible extinction in the lower 48 States but has made a gradual and encour-aging comeback to the land, waterways, and skies of the United States; Whereas the dramatic recovery of the na-tional bird of the United States is an endan-gered species success story and an inspira-tional example to other environmental, nat-ural resource, and wildlife conservation ef-forts worldwide; Whereas, in 1940, noting that the bald eagle was threatened with extinction, Congress passed the Act of June 8, 1940 (commonly known as the ‘‘Bald Eagle Protection Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), which prohibited kill-ing, selling, or possessing the species, and a 1962 amendment expanded protection to the golden eagle; Whereas, by 1963, there were only an esti-mated 417 nesting pairs of bald eagles re-maining in the lower 48 States, with loss of habitat, poaching, and the use of pesticides and other environmental contaminants con-tributing to the near demise of the national bird of the United States; Whereas, in 1967, the bald eagle was offi-cially declared an endangered species under Public Law 89–669 (80 Stat. 926) (commonly known as the ‘‘Endangered Species Preserva-tion Act of 1966’’) in areas in the United States south of the 40th parallel due to the dramatic decline in the population of the bald eagle in the lower 48 States; Whereas the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) was enacted in 1973, and in 1978, the bald eagle was listed as an endangered species throughout the lower 48 States, except in the States of Michigan, Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, and Wis-consin, in which the bald eagle was listed as a threatened species; Whereas, in July 1995, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced that in the lower 48 States, the bald eagle had recov-ered sufficiently to change the status of the species from endangered to threatened; Whereas, by 2007, bald eagles residing in the lower 48 States had rebounded to ap-proximately 11,000 pairs; Whereas, on June 28, 2007, the Secretary the Interior and the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service removed the bald eagle from protection under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), but the bald eagle continues to be pro-tected under the Act of June 8, 1940 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.), section 42 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Lacey Act’’), and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); Whereas Challenger, the trained, edu-cational bald eagle of the American Eagle Foundation in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, was invited by the Secretary of the Interior to perform a free-flight demonstration during the official bald eagle delisting ceremony held at the Jefferson Memorial in Wash-ington, District of Columbia; Whereas experts and population growth charts estimate that the bald eagle popu-lation could reach 15,000 pairs, even though a physical count has not been conducted by State and Federal wildlife agencies since 2007; Whereas caring and concerned agencies, corporations, organizations, and people of the United States representing Federal and State governments and the private sector passionately and resourcefully banded to-gether, determined to save and protect the national bird of the United States; Whereas the recovery of the bald eagle pop-ulation in the United States was largely ac-complished through— (1) the dedicated and vigilant efforts of Federal and State wildlife agencies and non-profit organizations, such as the American Eagle Foundation; (2) public education; (3) captive breeding and release programs; (4) hacking and release programs; and (5) the translocation of bald eagles from places in the United States with dense bald eagle populations to suitable locations in the lower 48 States that had suffered a decrease in bald eagle populations; Whereas various nonprofit organizations, such as the Southeastern Raptor Center at Auburn University in the State of Alabama, contribute to the continuing recovery of the bald eagle through rehabilitation and edu-cational efforts; Whereas the bald eagle might have been lost permanently if not for dedicated con-servation efforts and strict protection laws such as— (1) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (2) the Act of June 8, 1940 (commonly known as the ‘‘Bald and Golden Eagle Pro-tection Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.) ; (3) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.); (4) section 42 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Lacey Act’’); and (5) the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); and Whereas the sustained recovery of the bald eagle population will require the continu-ation of recovery, management, education, and public awareness programs to ensure that the population numbers and habitat of the bald eagle remain healthy and secure for generations to come: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 20, 2017, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’; (2) applauds the issuance of bald eagle commemorative coins by the Secretary of the Treasury to generate critical funds for the protection of the bald eagle; and (3) encourages— (A) educational entities, organizations, businesses, conservation groups, and govern-ment agencies with a shared interest in con-serving endangered species to collaborate and develop educational tools for use in the public schools of the United States; and (B) the people of the United States to ob-serve American Eagle Day with appropriate ceremonies and other activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.024 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3559 June 15, 2017 
SENATE RESOLUTION 192—CON-GRATULATING THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS FOR THEIR HISTORIC CHAMPIONSHIP VIC-TORY IN THE 2017 NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION FINALS Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to introduce a resolution recog-nizing and heartily commending the Golden State Warriors for their daz-zling season and 2017 World Champion-ship victory. After going 16 and 1 in the postseason, earning the highest win percentage in NBA playoff history, and defeating the Cleveland Cavaliers 129 to 120 in game five of the NBA Finals, the Warriors have become champions for the second time in just 3 years. The best part: they did something for their fans that had never been done before— they won the title at home, in Oracle Arena. As a bay area native myself, I know how much this means to all of Dub Nation. Everyone who is a part of the War-riors Organization—the video staff, the trainers, the owners, coaches, players and fans—deserves praise for a hard- fought and historic 2016 to 2017 season. The year was primarily marked by highs. Among my favorites was Klay Thompson’s astonishing 29-minute, 60- point performance against the Indiana Pacers. And who could forget Steph Curry’s mind-boggling, half-court buzz-er-beater against the Clippers? The Warriors undoubtedly played re-markable basketball this year, but they also overcame their share of ob-stacles. When Coach Kerr was forced to take a leave of absence, the team ral-lied behind him and, under Mike Brown’s leadership, continued to earn wins in his honor. When starters were sidelined due to injury, bench players stepped in and stepped up, dem-onstrating the team’s depth and heart. When the Warriors were knocked down by the Cavaliers in game four of the finals, they woke up the next morning, flew home, and got straight to work— running hours of drills so they could come back stronger in game five. The Warriors are a team with resolve and great character. They are highly focused but still manage to have fun together. They take care of each other, and equally as important, they take care of their community. The Warriors recognize that they are in a unique po-sition to give back and effect positive change. Over the past several years, the War-riors Foundation has awarded $5 mil-lion in grants to support educational initiatives in Alameda and San Fran-cisco Counties. The foundation, along with individual players, has also refur-bished over 60 basketball courts throughout the bay area, creating safe and beautiful places for our young peo-ple to play. So, to MVP Kevin Durant, Coach Kerr, Coach Brown, Joe Lacob, Peter Guber, Rick Welts, Bob Myers and all of the players, coaches, staff, family, friends and fans, I say thank you. Thank you for making California proud both on and off the court, and con-gratulations on a job well done. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the resolution be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the resolution was ordered to be print-ed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. R ES. 192 Whereas, on June 12, 2017, the Golden State Warriors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers by a score of 129–120 in an extraordinary game 5 at Oracle Arena in Oakland, California, to win the 2017 National Basketball Association (referred to in the preamble as the ‘‘NBA’’) Finals; Whereas the Golden State Warriors cap-tured their second championship in 3 years, and their fifth championship in franchise history; Whereas the 2017 championship victory marks the first time a Bay Area professional sports team has clinched a championship title at home in 43 years; Whereas in 2017 the Golden State Warriors had the NBA’s best regular-season record with 67 wins, capping an extraordinary 3- year run, during which the Warriors won a record-setting 207 regular season games; Whereas the Golden State Warriors fin-ished the post-season 16–1, which constitutes the best post-season record in the 71-year history of the NBA; Whereas every single member of the 2016– 2017 Golden State Warriors team contributed to this championship, including Matt Barnes, Ian Clark, Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, Andre Iguodala, Damian Jones, Shaun Livingston, Kevon Looney, James Michael McAdoo, Patrick McCaw, JaVale McGee, ZaZa Pachulia, Klay Thompson, and David West; Whereas Kevin Durant became just the sixth player to score 30 or more points in each game of a championship round, and was named Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals; Whereas Steve Kerr, Mike Brown, and the entire team of coaches and staff have been instrumental in developing the Golden State Warriors’ dynamic and record-setting style of play, and have fostered a positive, selfless team spirit; Whereas Joe Lacob and Peter Guber have built one of the most exciting and high-per-forming franchises in NBA history; Whereas the dedicated fan base of Golden State Warriors has offered unrelenting, pas-sionate support to the team; and Whereas, both on and off the court, the Golden State Warriors are an immense source of pride for the Bay Area and the en-tire Golden State Warrior fan base: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Golden State War-riors for winning the 2017 National Basket-ball Association Finals; (2) recognizes the historic achievements of all the players, coaches, and staff who con-tributed to the 2016–2017 season; and (3) celebrates the selfless teamwork and extraordinary character, pride, determina-tion, and hard-work of the Golden State Warriors. SENATE RESOLUTION 193—COM-MENDING THE BRAVERY OF THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL PO-LICE, THE POLICE DEPARTMENT OF ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA, AND ALL FIRST RESPONDERS WHO PROTECTED MEMBERS OF CON-GRESS, THEIR STAFF, AND OTH-ERS DURING THE SHOOTING ON JUNE 14, 2017, AT EUGENE SIMP-SON STADIUM PARK IN THE DEL RAY NEIGHBORHOOD OF ALEX-ANDRIA, VIRGINIA Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
TRANGE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 193 Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the heroism of United States Capitol Police Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, both of whom sustained injuries, and Henry Cabrera, after responding to, containing, and ultimately ending the threat to Members of Congress, their staff, and others during the shooting at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, Vir-ginia, on the morning of June 14, 2017; (2) recognizes the Police Department, the Office of the Sheriff, and the Fire Depart-ment of Alexandria, Virginia, who reported to the scene without hesitation, and the first responders who treated the wounded; (3) recognizes the additional victims who survived the shooting and supports their continued recovery from physical and psy-chological wounds, including— (A) Steve Scalise, the Majority Whip of the House of Representatives; (B) Zachary Barth, a staffer for Represent-ative Roger Williams; and (C) Matthew Mika, a former legislative staffer; (4) offers sympathy and support to the fam-ilies and friends of the survivors; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.039 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3560 June 15, 2017 
(5) recognizes that threats to Members of Congress also operate to threaten the foun-dations of our representative democracy; and (6) recognizes the United States Capitol Police— (A) who protect Members of Congress and employees, visitors, and facilities of Con-gress; and (B) whose professionalism, vigilance, and self-sacrifice is a daily example of the stead-fast patriotism that civil servants should strive for in service to one another and to the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 255. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 722, to Provide Congressional Review and to Counter Iranian and Russian Governments’ Aggression. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 255. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 722, to Provide Congressional Review and to Counter Iranian and Russian Governments’ Aggression; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to Provide Congressional Review and to Counter Iranian and Russian Govern-ments’ Aggression.’’ f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 10 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 9:30 a.m., in 328A Russell Senate Office Building, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Agricultural Research: Perspectives on Past and Future Successes for the 2018 Farm Bill.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in open session, to re-ceive testimony on the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2018 and the future years de-fense program. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017, at 9:45 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Fos-tering Economic Growth: Midsized, Re-gional and Large Institution Perspec-tive.’’ COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 10 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 15, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate office building. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIOS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 10:15 a.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on June 15, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct an execu-tive business meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017, at 11 a.m. in SR–418, to conduct a hearing on legislation pending before the committee. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 1:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Sen-ate Hart Office Building to hold a closed briefing followed by a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
The Subcommittee on Regulatory Af-fairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Agency Approaches to Reorganiza-tion: Examining OMB’s Memorandum on the Federal Workforce.’’ 
f 
AMERICAN EAGLE DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 191, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 191) designating June 20, 2017, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and cele-brating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 191) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS FOR THEIR HISTORIC CHAMPIONSHIP VIC-TORY IN THE 2017 NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION FINALS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 192, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 192) congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their historic championship victory in the 2017 National Basketball Association Finals. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 192) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COMMENDING THE BRAVERY OF UNITED STATES CAPITOL PO-LICE, THE POLICE DEPARTMENT OF ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA, AND ALL FIRST RESPONDERS WHO PROTECTED MEMBERS OF CON-GRESS, THEIR STAFF, AND OTH-ERS DURING THE SHOOTING OF JUNE 14, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 193, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 193) commending the bravery of the United States Capitol Police, the Police Department of Alexandria, Vir-ginia, and all first responders who protected Members of Congress, their staff, and others during the shooting on June 14, 2017, at Eu-gene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, Virginia. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.042 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3561 June 15, 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 193) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 19, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4 p.m., Monday, June 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 5 p.m.; finally, that at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session, as under the pre-vious order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator C
ARPER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Delaware. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, earlier, just before the leader came to give his closing remarks for the day, I was talk-ing about that Michael Davis is going to be a freshman at Middletown High School about 20 miles south of Newark where 896 intersects with I–95. I was mentioning that Michael has succeeded in life as an athlete in ways that a lot of people think could just never happen. He has a disease called cystic fibrosis, and it was diagnosed very early in his life, but it is a genetic disease. I talked with him and his mom Jen-nifer about that disease and how it af-fects our bodies. It is a disease that causes persistent lung infection. Ac-cording to the Cystic Fibrosis Founda-tion, the condition is caused appar-ently by a defective gene that causes a thick buildup of mucus in our lungs and in other organs; and that mucus can clog our airways and trap bacteria that leads to infection, can lead to ex-tensive lung damage and, in worst cases, to respiratory failure and then possibly maybe even likely death. This is a disease that 14-year-old Mi-chael Davis lives with. I have heard, for somebody who has cystic fibrosis to run any distance at all, they—I ran this morning, and I felt like I had some kind of disease. It was humid out there. I think it was probably higher levels of ozone than I like to run in. For folks with cystic fibrosis like Mi-chael, breathing is like they are breathing through a straw. Imagine that, trying to run 5 kilometers or a half marathon, which is 13.1 miles, and to be able to breathe through a straw effectively and still run distances like that is truly, truly remarkable, but that is what he does. Earlier this year, he completed, as I said, the New York City half marathon, and one of the people who ran with him was my son Christopher, who is a triathlete in his own right. He is 28 years old and a great runner. He, also like Michael, can run me into the ground, and I am proud of them both. Michael was diagnosed during a screening, I think, just 3 weeks after he was born. He was 3 weeks old, and he was diagnosed with this disease. His mom said she was shocked. To her knowledge, there weren’t any members of her family on her side or the father’s side who had cystic fibrosis, but this was a diagnosis made 3 weeks into Mi-chael’s life—imagine that, 3 weeks. After the diagnosis, his mom Jen-nifer faced some scary unknowns as she learned more about his condition, in-cluding average life expectancy for those who have cystic fibrosis. She immediately sought care for Mi-chael at the Children’s Hospital that is up the road from us—I live in Wil-mington, DE—but it is up the road 25 miles north of Wilmington. For the last 14 years, Michael has been treated at that hospital. Obviously, the fact that he can run a half marathon with cystic fibrosis suggests that he is get-ting exceptional care there. Michael sees the doctor about every 8 weeks when he is feeling well. He sees a doctor more often when he is not feeling well, when he is feeling really sick. He wakes up every morning at 4:30. I get up around 5:30, and he has already been up for an hour when I get up in Wilmington, DE. He does it to use a high-frequency chest wall oscillation device. They call it The Vest. What it does is, it helps break up the mucus in his lungs, and he continues to use The Vest several times throughout the day. He must also take over—are you ready for this—40 medications every day. So that is his regimen. He gets up every day at 4:30, straps on The Vest, uses it several times throughout the day. The Vest shakes up his lungs and the mucus there so he can live, and he takes all his medica-tions as well. He told me, when we met with him and his mom a couple weeks ago, that cystic fibrosis is very frustrating, but he copes by trying to lead a healthy lifestyle. Just last week, Michael re-ceived national attention when he was named the Boomer Esiason Co-Athlete of the Year. Boomer was a great foot-ball quarterback, if I am not mis-taken—I am tempted to say with the Cincinnati Bengals. I am looking for the pages to tell me whether I am right or wrong, but I think I am right. The Boomer Esiason Co-Athlete of the Year is Delaware’s own Michael, and we are very proud of Michael, very proud of Michael. The fact is, access to these treat-ments and medications are really a matter of life and death for people with cystic fibrosis. If something should happen and Michael and his family would lose healthcare, they would reach out and try to get coverage. Be-fore we had the Affordable Care Act, there was a pretty good likelihood that finding that coverage would be very difficult, and it would be difficult be-cause he has cystic fibrosis. He is not an inexpensive young man to take care of. To keep him alive and well and able to go to school and do the amazing reg-imen that he does takes money and re-sources, medicine and medical tech-nology. The way healthcare used to be pro-vided in this country, when somebody had a preexisting condition like cystic fibrosis and they lost their healthcare—maybe a parent was work-ing, had coverage, and lost the healthcare, lost the job—the person, in this case Michael, would have been out of luck because a lot of the health in-surers used to say: Well, we don’t want to cover this person because it is going to cost us a boatload of money. I know there are problems with the Affordable Care Act. There are things I would like to change. What I hope we will do at the end of the day is not get rid of it and not just repeal it, but I hope we will retain that which is good and fix the things that ought to be fixed. One of the things that needs to be re-tained is the idea that there should be a prohibition against insurance compa-nies simply saying that if somebody has a preexisting condition and they lose coverage, they can continue to be denied coverage. They can get the cov-erage they need, and that is one of the very, very good things about the Af-fordable Care Act. Our new pages here, you guys are about 2 years older than Michael Davis. Hopefully, you guys will live to be 100 or more. The only reason he is alive today is because he has access to the kind of healthcare we all want for our children and really for our parents. I am a big believer—our pages hear me. I know they will only be here for 3 weeks, but they will probably hear me, when they come to the floor, talk about the Golden Rule. It is something that was impressed upon me at an early age, about the age of all of you. The Golden Rule goes something like this: Treat other people the way we want to be treated. It is pretty simple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.063 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3562 June 15, 2017 
I grew up in a Protestant Church, but I don’t care whether you are Protes-tant, Catholic, Jew, I don’t care if you are Muslim, I don’t care if you are Bud-dhist, Hindu—you name it—all of those religions, every one of them, has some-thing in their Sacred Scriptures some-thing like the Golden Rule: Treat other people the way you want to be treated. I think we try to do that in the Af-fordable Care Act, imperfect as it is. I think one of the best examples of the Golden Rule in the legislation, in the law, is the idea that if somebody loses coverage and they have a preexisting condition, we don’t just cast them aside and say: Well, that is too bad. We give them another shot to get the cov-erage they need. In the case of Michael Davis, the cov-erage, the access to healthcare, keeps him alive and not just alive to mope around and feel sorry for himself but to go out and run circles around the rest of us. He is an inspiration to me, and I think he is an inspiration to all who know him. Mr. President, I think I may possibly be the last speaker. I am going to bid you good night and see you next week. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JUNE 19, 2017, AT 4 P.M. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 4 p.m. on Monday. Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:41 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 19, 2017, at 4 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
LUCIAN NIEMEYER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE SHARON E. BURKE, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
JESSICA ROSENWORCEL, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMIS-SION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS FROM JULY 1, 2015. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JEFFREY GERRISH, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (ASIA, EU-ROPE, THE MIDDLE EAST, AND INDUSTRIAL COMPETI-TIVENESS), WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR, VICE ROB-ERT W. HOLLEYMAN II. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
LYNN A. JOHNSON, OF COLORADO, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FAMILY SUPPORT, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE CARMEN R. NAZARIO. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KELLY KNIGHT CRAFT, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO CANADA. SHARON DAY, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF COSTA RICA. KATHLEEN TROIA MCFARLAND, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE. NATHAN ALEXANDER SALES, OF OHIO, TO BE COORDI-NATOR FOR COUNTERTERRORISM, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR AT LARGE, VICE TINA S. KAIDANOW, RESIGNED. ERIC M. UELAND, OF OREGON, TO BE AN UNDER SEC-RETARY OF STATE (MANAGEMENT), VICE PATRICK FRANCIS KENNEDY. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ELINORE F. MCCANCE–KATZ, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR MENTAL HEALTH AND SUB-STANCE USE, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE PAMELA S. HYDE. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
D. MICHAEL DUNAVANT, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ED-WARD L. STANTON III, RESIGNED. LOUIS V. FRANKLIN, SR., OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALA-BAMA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE GEORGE L. BECK, JR., RESIGNED. JUSTIN E. HERDMAN, OF OHIO, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CAROLE SCHWARTZ RENDON, RESIGNED. JOHN W. HUBER, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-TORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) JESSIE K. LIU, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-TORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE RONALD C. MACHEN, JR., RESIGNED. RICHARD W. MOORE, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KENYEN RAY BROWN, RESIGNED. JOHN E. TOWN, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOYCE WHITE VANCE, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. LEE K. LEVY II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN B. COOPER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN B. DUNLAP III COL. DONALD R. EMERSON COL. DAVID FLEMING III COL. RYAN T. PACE COL. ANDREW M. ROMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DEBORAH Y. HOWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN R. LYONS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES W. HOOPER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. EDWARD M. DALY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHELLE M. ROSE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DANIEL W. DWYER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) ROSS A. MYERS IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN J. BROADMEADOW THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. KENNETH F. MCKENZIE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. VINCENT R. STEWART THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. HERMAN S. CLARDY III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
LISA E. DONOVAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KIRT L. STALLINGS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL G. RHODE SCOTT D. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD L. ALLEN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JAMES C. BENSON SHANNON R. KAY JARED W. KRUGER JACOB S. LOFTICE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
TIMOTHY D. LITKA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
SCOTT D. BLACKWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL A. ADAMS ALICE L. ALVERIO MATTHEW S. ANGELIDIS FERDINAND K. BACOMO DREW C. BAIRD DARRELL F. BARKER ELEANE M. BEADLE ETHAN S. BERGVALL KATHRYN E. BERRYMAN AARON M. BETTS DAVID V. BODE BRIAN W. BRENNAN ANGELA R. BRYAN SUMMER D. BRYANT JOHN B. CLARK MICHELLE S. CLARK GUY T. CLIFTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G15JN6.064 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3563 June 15, 2017 
SHAWN P. CORCORAN CHRISTOPHER COWAN DEBORAH J. CROWLEY CRISTINA CRUZCRESPO JUSTIN M. CURLEY JOSEPH DAI LEO A. DAMASCO MATTHEW R. DEBIEC ANDREW S. DELMAS JESSE P. DELUCA SALLY P. DELVECCHIO RAMONA A. DEVENEY JONATHAN F. DICKENS MICHAEL M. DICKMAN MARY DIGIULIO KIM EDHEGARD KATHRYN P. EDWARDS DELNORA L. ERICKSON RUTH S. FAIRCLOTH DARRELL J. FERGUSON COLBY A. FERNELIUS PHILLIP T. FIVECOAT RYAN P. FLANAGAN REBECCA A. FLORES ANTHONY R. FRATTALONE VINCENT T. FRY DENNIS T. FUJII ANDREW C. GALLO JOHN J. GARTSIDE SUZANNE M. GILLERN ROSCO S. GORE DAVID W. GRANT JON R. GRAY SKY D. GRAYBILL AMIT K. GUPTA JEFFREY A. GUTHRIE MITCHELL T. HAMELE MELINDA J. HAMER BRIAN R. HANEY STEPHEN A. HARPER JASON N. HARRIS PAUL W. HENDRIX TIMOTHY J. HEPLER JACOB S. HOGUE MARC H. HOHMAN SONNY S. HUITRON PAUL R. HUNT PAUL F. HWANG BENJAMIN J. INGRAM KHALID JABOORI SEYED A. JALALI JONATHAN JI BRYAN M. JOHNSON ROBERT A. JONES BENJAMIN KASE SEAN P. KEARNEY DAVID M. KELLER MICHAEL J. KILBOURNE JEEHUN M. KIM CHARLES A. KITLEY RYAN M. KNIGHT CAROLINE M. KOLB GREGORY P. KRAUS MATTHEW D. KUHNLE MARY L. KWOK JOSEPH T. LANZI, JR. NOELLE S. LARSON GARY LEVY JAMES E. MACE ANTHONY L. MARK ANA E. MARKELZ NATHAN A. MARSH TRAVIS MASON RYAN J. MCDONOUGH SHANE P. MCENTIRE BRANDI S. MCLEOD NATHAN E. MCWHORTER GARRETT J. MEYERS MICHAEL R. MOORE JOHN E. MUSSER JAMES R. NEINER JAMES NICHOLSON JAMISON S. NIELSEN FREDERICK P. OBRIEN MOROHUNRANTI O. OGUNTOYE BRIAN OREILLY RASTISLAV OSADSKY CHRISTOPHER J. OTT HAINES K. PAIK STEPHEN PARADA ANGELO H. PAREDES SHIMUL S. PATEL TANVI D. PATEL JESSICA J. PECK KEITH H. PENSKA PAUL G. PETERSON SAMUEL C. PHINNEY JENNI PICKINPAUGHINOCENCIO TIMOTHY P. PLACKETT TORIE C. PLOWDEN GREGORY J. POSTAL JOHN J. POULIN DOUGLAS F. POWELL NADER Z. RABIE LUIGI K. F. RAO KURT J. REYES ROBERT D. RICE BRADLEY A. RITTENHOUSE PAUL M. ROBBEN MATTHEW D. RODGERS DEREK J. ROGERS CHRISTOPHER J. ROSEMEYER FRANCISCO C. RUBIO JENNY L. RYAN KATHLEEN C. RYAN SHARI L. SAMMS ERIN S. SEEFELDT JOHN W. SIMMONS NIKOLAUS T. SNESHKOFF KEVAN M. SPENCER DANIELLE A. STACKHOUSE DANIEL STINNER ZOE E. SUNDELL ERIC M. SWANSON NATHANIEL TEAGUE JARED M. THELER DANIEL J. TOLSON PRISCILLA WEST KELLY J. WINTER SEAN R. WISE VLADIMIR S. YAKOPSON PAULA YOUNG D012118 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
TODD R. ANDERSON MARK E. BEAMAN ALEXANDER L. BOROWICZ MARK L. BREWER MARGIA E. BRITO JEFFERY M. CURRY ANDREW J. DANTONI AARON FANNON HERSCHEL H. FLOWERS, JR ADAM C. FORRESTER THOMAS J. FREEDMAN SEAN J. FULLAN TIANE R. GARNER MATTHEW S. GLAZENER BRENTON D. GRIFFITH JAMES D. HANNIGAN ANDREA D. JOHNSON RICHARD L. JONES MARK D. JUNTUNEN JAMES R. LEMLEY MICHAEL S. LOHRENZ JOSEPH L. MARSHALL RAY G. MCCULLOCH JOSEPH O. OKUNBANJO JOHN W. PEYERL KATLYN I. SHAGORY OROCH K. SISOURA CHARLES V. SLIDER GLENN G. THIEL RYAN J. VANDROVEC ROBERT A. YAGGI III JOHN F. YANIKOV THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
DOUGLAS A. ALLEN ANDREW W. BALLENGER GORDON F. BJORMAN OLEN C. BRIDGES JAMES E. HESTERBERG GARY W. D. LEWIS BRIAN C. MCNEIL PETER V. MONDELLI ELISEO NOGUERAS TIMOTHY J. PALMER THOMAS K. SARROUF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CHARLES E. BANE CHAD C. BLACK STEPHEN E. CASSLE SCOTT C. CHAMBERLIN PATTI K. GLEN DAREN C. HARRISON CHRISTIAN C. HOFER SHANNON T. MARKO JEREMIAH L. NELSON GREGORY T. REPPAS JOSEPH M. ROYAL JODI K. SANGSTER CHRISTOPHER SCHELLHASE ANGELA M. SCHMILLEN BRIAN W. SMITH CARL SOFFLER SUZANNE R. TODD MATTHEW D. WEGNER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
DAREEN A. DOUCHI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ADRIAN L. NELSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRANDON J. BAER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
BARRY MURRAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
FRANCIS K. AGYAPONG ALEXANDER D. ARISTIZABAL MARTA E. ARTIGA PETER J. ATTILIO ANGELIKA R. AVERY KATHERYN A. BAKER JULIE A. BANTA MARK S. BARROWS AMY R. BEASLEY MARGARET S. BERRYMAN OLGA BETANCOURT TRISHA A. BIELSKI KRISTINE P. BROGER MARIA I. BRUTON DEVIN Y. BRYANT CYNTHIA BUCHANAN BRIAN P. CAHILL ROBERT M. CARTER BENJAMIN G. CARTWRIGHT JACQUELYN M. CLINE RONALD D. COLE BRIAN M. COOLEY DENISE L. COOPER RAMONA I. DECKER CHARLES W. DENSEVICH LAKISHA S. DIXON IDONGESIT EBEUTE MASHANDRA D. ELAM LAKISHA N. FLAGG LAURA D. FOWLE SHAWN P. GALLAGHER RICHELLE L. GOODIN ANITA E. GOULD RACHEL C. GREVE JADE M. HAMEL BENITA L. HARRIS FELISIA M. HIBBLER JEFFREY S. HILLIS ANDREW J. HOVER MYRNA B. HOWSON NEIL S. HURD KYONG S. HYATT KYNDRA A. JACKSON LAURA JEFFREY JOSEPH P. LYNN JACOB H. MACGREGOR JASON K. MARQUART MATTHEW K. MARSH BARBARA A. MCCOTTRY MEGAN C. MOAKLER DANIELLE L. MOLINAR NORMAN E. MORRIS ANTOINETTE C. MYLES MICHAEL J. NEILL EVAN S. NONAKA LINDA F. NUNNPRIDGEN ELIZABETH M. NUTTER MONICA OFFENBACHERLOONEY ADRIANA C. ORTIZCOFFIE SUSAN K. PIERSON UTE C. POEPSEL CINDY L. ROBERTS DANIELLE K. RODONDI LUIS R. RODRIGUEZ JEANETTE B. RODRIGUEZTORRES ANGELA L. ROSARIO MATTHEW W. RUEMMLER PEGGY S. SALINAS CHRISTINA M. STEIMLE KYLE T. SUNADA MESHELLE A. TAYLOR TOMMY L. THOMPSON KELLEY C. TOGIOLA DOLORES P. TONEY WILLIAM L. VANASSE III VIRGINIA C. VARDONSMITH KENORA L. WALKER TIMOTHY R. WHOOLERY JOHN E. WILSON, JR. MICHELLE L. WOLF DAN M. WOOD SASHI A. ZICKEFOOSE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSEPH H. AFANADOR SEAN ALLEN CASEY ARRIAGA JEFFREY I. BASS CLEMENT R. BERMUDES JEFFERY K. BLACKWELL LISA M. BOHLER ANTHONY A. BOROWSKI LANDON R. BRETHOUWER LEXIE B. BUENAVENTURA JIMMIE J. BUTCHER WILLIAM H. CALLAHAN JONATHAN R. CATALANO CHANI A. CORDERO TAMBA DAUDA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.027 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3564 June 15, 2017 
JASON T. DEBOER ERIK F. DEFREITAS JESSE DELGADO LISA M. DENNIS KEVIN M. DOHERTY GRACE L. Y. DUMAYAS DEANNA DURAN STEPHEN M. DURYEA TRENT J. ELLIOTT CHRISTOPHER L. EVANS JOHNATHAN J. EVANS ROBERT P. FEDERIGAN SETH T. FRENCH LAURIE L. GODIN CHRISTOPHER M. GREENE MELISSA GUE CHRISTOPHER J. GUENTHNER ERIC R. GUZMAN JOSHUA J. HANDORF JAYME K. HANSEN DEEPA HARIPRASAD LATAYA E. HAWKINS WALTER L. HAWKINS HEATH D. HOLT JASON W. HUGHES BRYAN J. HUNSAKER LEIF O. IBSEN DALMAR A. JACKSON JACOB D. JOHNSON RACQUEL O. JUNIO GERALD G. KELLAR STEFAN M. KOCHIS CHARLOTTE A. LANTERI RANDOLPH A. LEONPIEVE AUTUMN T. LEVERIDGE JERED D. LITTLE LEWIS S. LONG AARON LOZANO GORDON J. LYONS CHANDA M. MANEVAL JARROD A. MCGEE MICHELLE G. MEDWICK BILL D. MICHIE, JR. DENISE M. MILHORN CASSANDRA L. MIMS CHARLES A. MOORE ELIZABETH C. MOORE KRISTI M. MORRIS MARCUS L. MOSS SCOTT D. MRAS PATRICK M. MUSISI CHRISTIAN NELSON PETER V. NUNN FELIX A. ORTIZ RUBEN I. ORTIZCAMPOS SHERYL E. PEDERSEN FRANK A. PETRASSI TONY PIERSON EDWARD O. PRICE BENJAMIN QI EDGARDO RAMIREZ KIRK A. REED LUIS A. ROCHA GREGORY A. RUSHTON ERIK N. RUSSELL MARK C. SCHILLING KEITH H. SCHMIDT STEPHEN T. SCHMIDT ALEXANDER S. SHILMAN NICHOLAS R. SONG JON C. SONNEMAN MOISES SOTO MARTHA A. STANY GARY STAPOLSKY SETH O. SWARTZ SUSAN M. TALLMAN JOHN W. TAYLOR FRED B. TERRADO, JR. CHARLES M. TESSMAN, SR. JOSHUA C. THOMPSON BRIAN C. TRIPP ALYSON M. TUCKER JERRY D. VANVACTOR JANET N. VAUGHN CHAD D. VERMILLION HILDEHARDO F. VIADO, JR. SCOTT L. VIAL RORY K. WALLEY LASHONIA R. WHITE FELICIA L. WILLIAMS RICHARD E. WOOD DON H. YAMASHITA JASON R. YELLMAN D013069 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BERT M. BAKER BETHANY A. BELANGER AVERY J. CARNEY SCOTT D. CAROW MONICA L. CASMAER NICOLE K. CHARBONNEAU AARON J. CRONIN MICHAEL S. CROWELL TIN Q. DANG COLLEEN A. DANIELS CHARLES D. DAY JOHN T. ELLIOTT WALTER D. ENGLE CHAD M. FLICK CHRISTOPHER J. GEORGIANA JOSEPH R. KARDOUNI SCOTT M. KULLA SHARON L. ROSSER TANJA C. ROY JONATHAN L. SAXE MATTHEW R. SCHERER ERIN J. STIBRAL DERIK H. SWEE CLEVE B. SYLVESTER LARRY A. WYATT MARIA R. S. YATES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL B. LOVEALL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRECK S. BREWER DANIEL G. CHATTERLEY PETER N. DROUILLARD NICKOLI DUBYK JOSEPH M. DUTNER NASSER I. FIQIA BRANDON M. GAGE ROBERT N. GILLIAM KAREN E. GONZALEZTORRES ZACHARY H. HIGHBERGER NGHIA N. HO ANTHONY C. KIGHT JACOB L. KITSON AGNIESZKA KUCHARSKA DAVID H. KWON SLOAN D. MCLAUGHLIN LARRY L. MUNK ELIZABETH R. OATES ADAM R. OCHSNER PIERRE R. PIERCE SAMUEL E. POINDEXTER DAVID L. REDMOND MARC M. SERRA CHRISTOPHER D. SWAGERTY SAMIRA F. THOMPSON JOHN F. UNDERWOOD ALAN D. WALKER DIANA W. WEBER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DAMIAN R. TONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DANIEL F. ALEMANY BRITTANY E. MCCROAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
WIL B. NEUBAUER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MARK C. GILLESPIE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
TODD M. CHARD 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
CAMERON M. BALMA KEVIN D. BARNARD BRIAN M. BARRICK MATTHEW R. BLANCHETTE REUBEN BLOFSTEIN JOSEPH P. BOBROWSKI PETER N. BOURAS JACOB B. CATALOGNA ANDREW J. CLARK DAVID B. CLARK CHRISTOPHER F. CLAUSEN STEPHEN R. DRAPER NATHAN A. DURIKA DEVRON L. EAKINS TODD C. EICHORST GREGORY J. ENGLISH DANIEL S. FISHER BRIAN E. HARPUDER ANGELA L. HUSS SHANE P. JACOBS SEAN M. JARVIS GREGORY R. KIPPE RENATA A. KLIMA JENNIFER L. LARISH CHRISTOPHER M. LEPORE SIEGFRIED W. MELBOURNE JOSEPH W. MICHAELS JASON L. MILLER DAVID M. MROSEK CHRISTOPHER D. NELSON STEPHANIE L. PHILLIPS PATRICK W. PRAG JONATHAN C. RAIA TIMOTHY L. RAYMIE DANIEL W. ROBISON SARAH A. SHERWOOD MARLENE Z. SILVACOLLAZO MICHELLE L. SIMMONS JUSTIN M. SPRAGUE PETER J. TAMMINGA JESSICA E. D. VANDA DANIEL P. VARDIMAN RONALD L. WIENER SCOTT D. ZIEGENHORN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
RICHARD A. ACKERMAN ROBERT S. BAIR BRIAN R. BAKER JAYSON L. BEIER JASON B. BLACKMON BLYTHE A. BLAKISTONE TRISTAN M. BORNE ANTHONY A. BUMATAY HENRY L. BUSH BRIAN A. EVANS TAYLOR R. FORESTER AARON C. GEARY STEPHEN C. GRAY ERVIN B. HATCHER MICHAEL R. LARAYA OMAR J. SANCHEZ RALPH J. STEPHENS BRIAN K. TYLER PATRICIA R. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
SARAH R. BOUTWELL JEFFERY L. BURKE CHRISTOPHER G. CARR CHARLES Y. CHA TREVOR A. DAY DAVID E. DWIGGINS, JR. DEREK J. DYE ANTONIO J. GARCIA HENRY T. GILBERT IV DAVID M. GUTIERREZ JASON D. HANSER PETER M. B. HARLEY JONATHAN M. HAY PHILLIP L. HICKMAN, JR. GENE J. JACKSON ERIC L. KIRK KARL W. KRAUT COLIN G. LARKINS STEVEN C. LAYFIELD CORNELIUS L. MASON JORDAN A. MCCALEB MICHAEL K. MEADOR SEAN R. MULDER MEREDITH K. SCHLEY TROY A. SMITH KENNETH W. STGERMAIN DURKE A. WRIGHT ANDREW F. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JEREMIAH E. CHAPLIN DAVID W. DAMRON CASEY J. GON ANGELA S. LEFLER RAMON P. MARTINEZ, JR. STEPHEN A. MCINTYRE JEANETTE SHEETS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
LINWOOD O. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
BRIAN A. EVICK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
KRISTOPHER M. BRAZIL CHRISTOPHER J. CARMICHAEL ANDREA M. CASSIDY JAMES J. CULNEN, JR. MARY C. DECKER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.030 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3565 June 15, 2017 
CHRISTINE L. FLETCHER RICHARD G. GLASGOW II CHRISTOPHER C. MULLER ROGER D. PHELPS, JR. CHRISTY N. SIBLEY JAY S. VIGNOLA DEREK S. WAISANEN CLARENCE D. WASHINGTON DOUGLAS WILLIAMS SHEREE T. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
BRYCE D. ABBOTT JOSEPH H. ADAMS II KYLE A. ADUSKEVICH JONATHAN V. AHLSTROM JASON A. AHMANSON ROBERT AHO JOSHUA M. ALES ROBEN E. ALFONSO PATRICK M. ALFONZO MARK B. ALLEN JOHN L. ALUMS CHRISTOPHER M. AMIS ERIC R. ANDREWS LARRY J. ARBUCKLE ALEXANDER P. ARMATAS TODD A. ARNOLD DAVID K. ASHBY VICTOR H. AVILA FRANK J. AZZARELLO VERNON C. BACHMANN MARK E. BAIR JEREMIAH C. BALDWIN ROBERT J. BALLARD TIMOTHY R. BARKLEY ANDREW K. BARNETT MEGAN M. BARNETT RAYMOND T. BARR, JR. NATHAN S. BARTON GUY M. BATCHELDER KATE S. BATTEN MATTHEW H. BEACH ANDREW R. BEARD KEVIN A. BEATLEY JOHN A. BENDA DANIEL R. BERGSTROM COLIN J. BERNARD JASON M. BERWANGER DAVID M. BIGAY DEREK W. BINTZ MEGHAN L. BODNAR DUANE S. BOGATKO PHILLIP E. BOICE BRANDON M. BOOHER PATRICK B. BOOKEY VICTOR J. BOZA BRADLEY C. BOZIN CHRISTOPHER J. BRADSHAW JERMAINE B. BROOMS KURTIS J. BROUWER PHILIP L. BROWN ZACHARY R. BROWN WILLIAM S. BUFORD THOMAS W. BULLOCK THOMAS R. BUTTS, JR. JOHN K. CALDWELL ALEXANDER T. CAMPBELL RYAN G. CAMPOAMOR JONATHAN B. CANTOR AARON J. CARLSON WILLIAM L. CARR CHRISTOPHER M. CARREON BENJAMIN R. CARTER CHRISTOPHER J. CARTER LINDSAY A. CARTER PHILLIP R. CASHA PAUL W. CASSUTTI JAMES C. CATALINE BRALYN E. CATHEY KEVIN M. CHAMBLEY ROBERT H. CHANDLER GREGORY R. CHAPMAN MICHAEL G. CHARNOTA ANDREW J. CHAUVIN BRYAN J. CHRISTIANSEN RICHARD M. CHRISTOFF JAMES L. CLARK III RYAN F. CLARKE TOMMY M. CLARKE KEVIN C. CLOPPER JUSTIN M. COBB STEVEN J. COBOS JOHN S. COCCA MICHAEL P. CODINGTON DOUGLAS E. COLE TERENCE A. COLEMAN RYAN P. CONOLE BENJAMIN J. COOPER JUSTIN P. COOPER LLOYD L. COORE JOSHUA P. CORBIN CHARLES C. CORNELY JAMES L. CORREIA VICTOR D. COSTELLO CALEB T. CRAMER GREGORY M. CRESCENZO DAVID M. CRESCITELLI JOHN G. CULPEPPER NICHOLAS F. CUNNINGHAM MATTHEW E. CURNEN BRYAN S. DAHLQUIST ANDREW F. DAMBROSIO, JR. MARK C. DAVID MATTHEW E. DAVIN JUSTIN P. DAVIS KATHRYN J. DAWLEY STEVEN A. DAWLEY JARROD D. DAY JEREMY A. DEBONS LANCE M. DENHAM JEFFREY M. DESMOND TROY J. DICKEY DAVID P. DIZ MICHAEL P. DONOVAN PAMELA S. DONOVAN RONALD A. DRAKE TIMOTHY G. DROSINOS MICHAEL F. DUEZ JEFFREY R. DUNDON, JR. KEVIN P. DURKIN JAMES P. DUVALL WILLIAM T. DVORAK BRETT E. ELKO DONALD W. EMERSON JORDAN D. ENETE MATTHEW L. ENOS RODNEY C. ERLER, JR. CHARLES E. ESCHER MICHAEL C. ESCOBAR ROGELIO ESPINOZA JOHN R. ESPOSITO HARRY C. EVANS III JAMES L. EVANS JOHNPAUL A. FALARDEAU PETER R. FANNO JONATHAN J. FARACO MATTHEW A. FAY HARRY R. FEIGEL III BLAINE S. FELLONEY JEFFREY M. FELLOWS WILLIAM A. FENSTERER BRIAN W. FICHTER JAVIER A. FIGUEROA MATTHEW G. FISHER JOHN E. FITZPATRICK SEAN C. FLANAGAN ERIN E. FLINT SYLVESTER R. FOLEY IV DANIEL A. FOLLETT MARC E. FOREMAN TYLER W. FORREST BRIAN A. FORSTER BENJAMIN W. FOSTER MATTHEW O. FOUNTAIN ERICH C. FRANDRUP ROBERT L. FRANKLIN III CHRISTOPHER A. GAHL MARK P. GALLAGHER MATTHEW K. GARCIA BRYAN E. GEISERT THOMAS C. GENEST KIMBERLY N. GEORGE JUSTIN F. GERLE PHILIP D. GIFT PRESTON W. GILMORE JASON N. GLAB CHRISTOPHER D. GLANDON MATTHEW D. GLEASON JOHN Q. GODBEHERE JOSEPH P. GORGOL LORA M. GORSKY BENJAMIN P. GRANT RICHARD B. GRANT BRENDAN T. GRAY SEAN P. GRAY ADAM B. GREEN NICHOLAS M. GREEN DANIEL GROVER II MEGAN M. GRUBBS WILLIAM M. GUHEEN III KEVIN R. HAAKSMA JARROD S. HAIR DANIEL A. HANCOCK STANTON R. HANLEY MICHAEL G. HANNER, JR. CHARLES A. HARRIS II ISAAC A. HARRIS CHAD H. HARVEY BRIAN J. HASSE RYAN D. HASTINGS NATHANIEL M. HATHAWAY RUDOLF A. HAWKINS JEFFREY E. HEILMAN RYAN C. HEINEMAN BRANDON J. HEIRONIMUS COURTNEY S. HERDT TREVOR F. HERMANN DIRK H. HERON KERRY P. HICKS STEPHEN A. HIERS BRIAN R. HIGGINS EDWARD F. V. HILL NICHOLAS S. HILL ROBERT B. HINES WILBUR R. HINES, JR. DEVON M. HOCKADAY GREGORY S. HOLLEY DAVID C. HOLLON KENNETH C. HOLLON ROBERT D. HOLT JOEL I. HOLWITT JASON R. HORNING MATTHEW G. HORTON LYLE K. HOSKIN JOHN J. HOY JOSEPH J. HUBLEY JENNIFER A. HUCK JAMES D. HUDDLESTON WILLIAM T. HUEBNER, JR. ERIC C. HUI BRANDON C. HUNTER MICHAEL Y. HUNTSMAN TIMOTHY P. HURLEY JACOB D. HURT DOUGLAS J. IVANAC KRISTAFER Y. JARBOE DEREK C. JASKOWIAK BRANDON L. JENKINS ERIC H. JEWELL THOMAS G. JILLSON ERIC R. JOHNSON JOSHUA P. JOHNSON LUKE R. JOHNSON MELISSA E. JOHNSON JEREMY M. JOHNSTON ANDREW T. JONES JOSHUA F. JONES CHAD T. KALOCINSKI JUSTIN M. KAPER EREK A. KASSE JAMES W. KAUBER DOUGLAS L. KAY KENNETH P. KEEPES CHRISTOPHER S. KELLEY JONATHAN A. KELLEY MARK E. KENNEDY ERIK J. KENNY CHRISTOPHER P. KENT HENRY N. KEYSER IV SHAWN P. KIERNAN THOMAS Y. KIM MICHAEL G. KING RORY M. KIPPER CHRISTOPHER M. KLUTCH BRYAN F. KOEHLER ANDREW J. KOPACZ STEPHEN C. KRATOVIL, JR. MATTHEW I. KRULL DANIEL D. KUITU GEORGE G. KULCZYCKI ROBERT W. KURRLE, JR. JOSEPH M. LAHER KYLE P. LAMBERT STEPHEN V. LAMOURE VICTOR M. LANGE GREGORY A. LANGSTON DAVID J. LATTA JASON A. LAUTAR JEFFREY B. LAVERY JIMMY L. LAWTON JONATHAN D. LEEWARNER DANIELLE L. LEIBY GREGORY P. LEMBO MATTHEW K. LEWIS WAYNE G. LEWIS, JR. MARK T. LICKTEIG CASEY K. LIGGETT RICHARD B. LITCHFIELD CHARLES C. LITTON PETE S. LOGSDON JOHNNY R. LYKINS, JR. JEREMY N. LYON ADAM M. MADSON LAWRENCE J. MAHAN JAMES M. MALVASIO KRISTA R. MANN ALAN T. MARDEGIAN ROBERT W. MARRS SCOTT G. MARSH MATTHEW L. MARTIN RION W. MARTIN CARLOS F. MARTINEZ SAMUEL P. MASON ANTHONY S. MASSEY RYAN T. MATTSON CHRISTOPHER L. MAURER RICHARD T. MCCANDLESS NEVIN A. MCCHESNEY DAVID S. MCCLINTOCK ANDREW P. MCCLUNE KEVIN S. MCCORMICK, JR. TAMMY S. MCCREARY SEAN H. MCCRINK ROBERT J. MCDOWELL, JR. LOUIS P. MCFADDEN III JOHN K. MCGEE ROBERT J. MCMILLAN DANIEL J. MCNAB NICHOLAS A. MEYERS COREY L. MILLIS JOHNNY L. MINCEY MICHAEL V. MINERVINI MICHAEL L. MINUKAS MATTHEW L. MINZES RODRIGO D. MIRANDA SEAN D. MOLLAHAN DANIEL A. MORREIRA JASON B. MORTON JARROD L. MOSLEY JOHN S. MULLEN JEFFERY J. MURAWSKI BRIAN T. MURPHY PETER J. MUSCHEK BRIAN L. MUSFELDT KONSTANTINOS T. NAKOS KELECHI R. NDUKWE ELIZABETH A. NELSON PAUL W. NICKELL CHRISTOPHER J. NICOLETTI ROBERT W. NIEMEYER JOHN P. NILLES MATTHEW W. NOLAND CHRISTOPHER M. NORRIS JEREMY L. NUTTALL TIMOTHY D. OBRIEN COREY D. ODOM 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.033 S15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3566 June 15, 2017 
MATTHEW P. OLSON PATRICK C. ONEILL JARED M. OTT CHRISTOPHER J. OTTO ELI C. OWRE ADAM C. PACE JASON N. PAPADOPOULOS JOHN W. PARKER JOSEPH D. PARSONS LESTER O. PATTERSON LEWIS J. PATTERSON BRIAN H. PENNELL MICHAEL A. PEREZ JOSHUA J. PETERS BRENT M. PETERSON TODD M. PETRIE CHRISTOPHER W. PETRO CHARLES W. PHILLIPS MATTHEW M. PIANETTA BRYAN S. PINCKNEY SUSAN M. PINCKNEY JOSEPH J. PISONI MICHAEL T. PLAGEMAN DYLAN G. PORTER ROBERT A. PRINCE SCOTT J. PURCELL JOHN P. QUALTERS DEREK A. RADER THOMAS F. RADICH III JEREMIAH N. RAGADIO COURTNEY L. RANK SCOTT D. RATHKE RANDOLPH W. REED II ERIC T. REEVES STEVE C. REIS BRIAN J. REITTER JAMES J. REYNOLDS BRIAN M. RHOADES QUINN J. RHODES NOAH S. RICH DAWN T. RICKETTS TREVOR J. RITLAND ANDREW P. RIVAS COLIN M. ROBERTS SPENCER A. ROBERTS MATT W. RODGERS ARTHUR S. RODRIGUEZ SCOTT J. ROSE EMILY Y. ROYSE ROBERT S. RUBY RONALD H. RUMFELT SETH A. RUMLER JOHN P. RUMMEL IV EDISON C. RUSH ROBERT J. RUZICKA II CRAIG R. SALVESON JAMES O. SAMMAN JARED W. SAMUELSON DAVID C. SANDOMIR HOUSSAIN T. SAREINI DANIEL J. SCHLESINGER BRYAN W. SCHNEIDER JEFFREY R. SCHWAB NATHAN A. SCOTT SAMUEL M. SCOVILL BRYAN D. SCULLIN JEFFREY T. SERVELLO ERIC D. SEVERSON JAMES S. SHARROW III KENNETH M. SHEFFIELD JASON M. SIMON ANDREW J. SIMONS MICHAEL J. SIMPSON PAOLO J. S. SINGH JEFFREY A. SIZEMORE JONATHAN J. SLAGER BRANDON D. SMITH BRIAN C. SMITH CHARLES R. SMITH DENNIS H. SMITH JAMES L. SMITH JARED C. SMITH JASON C. SMITH NICHOLAS H. SMITH SCOTT J. SMITH STEVEN R. SMITH JOHN W. SOKOL ADAM C. SOUKUP KIRK A. SOWERS ANDREW H. SPARKS WAYNE O. SPARROW BARCLEY W. STAMEY MICHAEL B. STANFIELD PETER STAVRIDES JOHN W. STIGI ROBERT G. STIMIS GARTH W. STORZ TIMOTHY S. SULICK JASON T. SUROWIEC MATHEW J. SWENSON MICAH T. SYBOR CHRISTOPHER M. TABERT JASON S. TARRANT DOUGLAS M. TEMPEST TIMOTHY A. TETI MATTHEW S. THATCHER DANIEL J. THOMAS JEFFREY W. THOMAS ROBERT M. THOMPSON JOHN M. THORPE MARTY D. TIMMONS RYAN A. TOMKINS DEXTER J. TRIPLETT JAMES G. TUTHILL III THOMAS J. UHL PHILIP S. UJIIE JAMIE E. VANDYKE THOMAS H. VANHOOZER III PATRICK M. VEITH CLAY S. WADDILL DAVID WAGENBORG ROBERT A. WALLS ROBERT W. WARD ROBERT C. WATTS IV CHRISTOPHER D. WEAVER SEAN M. WELCH CHARLES R. WEYDERT CARL E. WHITE WILLIAM R. WHITE SEAN E. WHITEMAN ADAM R. WHITT STEVEN S. WHITWORTH NICHOLAS A. WILLET RYAN S. WILLETTE WILLIAM L. WILLIAMS, JR. MICHAEL A. WITHERILL ROBERT E. WOODARDS ALEXANDER L. WRIGHT GRANVILLE C. WRIGHT, JR. MATTHEW A. WRIGHT EVAN T. YOUNG NEAL A. YOUNG JOSHUA P. ZELFER SHANE M. ZIMMERMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JEREMIAH P. ANDERSON TRAVIS J. ANDERSON DARRIN E. BARBER MOLLIE A. BILY JOHN F. BOSEMAN NATHANIEL S. COSTELLO RYAN D. CRISMAN JOHN E. DALTON RICHARD L. DULDULAO MATTHEW C. FRYE JOHN A. GENTA WILLIAM A. GIBSON TIMOTHY J. HOUSEHOLDER DOUGLAS E. JONART SUNNY G. LAU BENSON W. LO CHRISTOPHER K. MATASSA PAUL W. MURCH DANIEL T. NEVEROSKY ANGELA C. OWENS THOMAS C. PARKER ANDREW J. PRIVETTE JAMES W. ROCHELLE JONATHAN F. SCHIEL CHRISTOPHER M. SCHINDLER DANIEL SORIA ZACHARIAH H. STILES HOANG N. TRAN MICHAEL A. WOEHRMAN JEREMY R. WOODY AARON L. WOOLSEY ASHLEY S. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
STACY J. G. ARENSTEIN MATTHEW P. BLAZEL CHARLES J. BORGES DAVID L. CALHOUN CHRISTOPHER B. DEBONS GABRIEL J. HOHNER BRANDON J. HOUSE COLETTE B. LAZENKA JEDEDIAH J. MAGDA ANDREW M. MCKEE JAMIE H. ROGERS JASON SAGLIMBENE JONATHAN S. SCHIFFELBEIN STEVEN D. SENEY NICHOLAS A. SINNOKRAK TYLER R. TENNILLE HENRY L. THOMASON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
KELLY W. BOWMAN, JR. DEREK H. BURNS TOMMIE G. CRAWFORD WILLIAM J. GRAY CHRISTOPHER H. GRIMES JOSEPH M. HOLT JOSEPH A. KAMARA ANDREI L. MCARTHUR MICHAEL D. PHILLIPS ANDRES V. PICO DANIEL D. REID JAMES L. RORER SHANNON P. THOMPSON ROBERT H. VOHRER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
LARA R. BOLLINGER NATHAN J. CHRISTENSEN CATHERINE F. COOK SARAH M. FLAHERTY GREGORY L. FLORES ALANA F. GARAS PAUL D. MACAPAGAL STEPHANIE B. MURDOCK REBECCA L. REBARICH CANDICE C. TRESCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
PATRICK P. DAVIS TIMOTHY M. DERBYSHIRE TOMASZ DMITRUKOWSKI VON H. FERNANDES CHAD W. GAGNON JOSHUA W. HENSLEY BARBARA E. JONAS TAEKO E. MCFADDEN BRANDON M. OBERLING CHRISTINA E. ORTEGA JACOB M. PLICHTA DONALD L. SHRADER SEAN C. STEVENS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JEFFRY A. ALSUP ROSS M. ANDERSON MICHAEL J. BALDWIN ANTHONY C. BARBER BRAD A. BAUER BRENT J. BENLIEN KELLY V. BORDEN SATONYA A. BROWN HARRY A. CHENG JOHN A. COURTIAL MARCUS A. CREIGHTON ROBERT P. CROCETTA III JON R. DAVIS ALAN V. DUNN SCOTT M. DURDLE JOHN S. FAIRWEATHER SHAUN W. FISCHER ROBERT C. FRY PHILIP L. GESAMAN CHAD M. HAMM HOMER F. HENSY ANDREW M. HOFFMAN DWIGHT A. JEFFERSON BRANDON L. JOHNSON FREDDIE B. KOONCE KURTIS J. KRUG MICHAEL A. MASONER KEITH M. MORRIS LELAND M. MURPHY DANIEL K. NICHOLS GREGORY F. NOTARO DAVID W. PIERCE BLAINE C. PITKIN BRIAN R. RATKOVICH GREGORY K. RING WAYNE N. SALGADO, JR. JUSTIN M. SANTOS BOBBY C. STANCIL MARK D. STANLEY ANTOINE D. THORNTON GARY A. TINCHER TERRY N. TRAWEEK, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15JN6.036 S15JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE827 June 15, 2017 
RECOGNIZING CAROLYN LERNER 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Ms. Carolyn Lerner for her service as Special Counsel at the Office of Special Coun-sel (OSC). This is her last week at OSC after six years leading the Office. OSC has the enormous and important task of policing the executive branch against pro-hibited personnel practices, including retalia-tion against whistleblowers. Ms. Lerner began her work at OSC in June 2011, and her impact there has been ex-tremely positive. With her at the helm, OSC in-creased both the number of complaints it in-vestigated and the number of cases it re-solved. The agency has won widespread bi-partisan praise for its work, including resolving multiple cases of retaliation against whistle-blowers at the Veterans Administration. As co-chairman of the House Whistleblower Protection Caucus and member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Com-mittee, I know how vitally important whistle-blowers are to Congressional oversight of the federal government. The brave men and women who have the courage to expose abuse and fraud in their workplaces deserve to be protected, and under Ms. Lerner’s lead-ership, OSC has done just that. It has been a pleasure to work with Ms. Lerner since coming to Congress. As her time at OSC comes to an end, I wish again to thank her for her service to our nation and her tireless commitment to protecting whistle-blowers. I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE DEER PARK DEER FOR THEIR STATE CHAMPIONSHIP VICTORY 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate the Deer Park High School Deer for winning the Texas University Interscholastic League (UIL) 6A Baseball State Champion-ship. The Deer accumulated a record of 35– 8 on the way to the state title with playoff wins against: Summer Creek, Pearland, Clear Springs, Ridge Point, Fort Bend Travis, and Southlake Carroll. This is the first baseball championship for Deer Park and the fourth time the school has made it to the state tour-nament. On June 10, 2017, the Deer dispatched San Antonio Reagan in the championship game by a score of 7–2 at the Dell Diamond in Round Rock. Four players were named to the All- Tournament Team: Clay Aguilar, Chase Keng, Blake Martin, and Adrian Gonzales who was named Tournament Most Valuable Player (MVP). These young men have shown incred-ible persistence, hard work, passion and com-mitment to accomplish this feat and I applaud each and every one of them. I would like to personally recognize each student and their coaches. Players: Mark Barrow, Connor Berry, Tyler Stenberg, Blaine Holden, Reece Moon, Jacobe Martinez, Clay Aguilar, Chase Keng, Christian Vela, Dylan Pullig, Josiah Ortiz, Aus-tin Mitchell, Taylor Lee, Connor Williams, Jor-dan Phillips, JT Satterwhite, Peyton Sherlin, Chase Duncan, Adrian Gonzales, Blake Mar-tin, and Kolton Fowler. Head Coach: Chris Rupp. Assistant Coaches: Donnie Elliott, Darren Schneider, Austin Yager, Jacob Rhame, and David White. Athletic Trainers: Jim Davidson, Lori Mahan, and David Viaclovsky. Managers: Gabby Gallegos and McKade Whittington. Student Trainer: Zachary Domingue. I wish each one of them continued success on and off the baseball field. Go Deer! f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE BORBA FAMILY 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Borba family’s contribution to the agriculture industry of California and their strong presence in California’s Central Valley for over one hundred years. The Borba family’s legacy began when Ms. Anna Borba emigrated from the Azores, Por-tugal to the United States in the late 1800’s. Anna’s son, A.J. Borba, moved to California’s Central Valley in the early 1900’s to begin the family’s agriculture venture, and established a dairy in Riverdale, California. In the 1940’s, A.J. and his sons, Ross, Sr., and Darril, began focusing on a row cop operation with the goal of introducing cotton to the Central Valley. In 1958, the brothers officially began Borba Brothers Farms on the west side of Fresno County. In 1942, Ross, Sr. married Justina ‘‘Tina’’ Urrizola and continued to farm in Riverdale while raising their two sons, Ross, Jr. and Mark, and their daughter, Dwayne. In 1976, Ross, Jr. and Mark acquired the family busi-ness after their father and uncle retired. In their retirement, Ross, Sr. and Tina estab-lished the Rancho Vista del Rio on San Joa-quin River near Fresno. Currently, Rancho Vista del Rio serves as the home and horse ranch of Mark and his wife, Peggy Borba, and is often used as a venue for Fresno County community events. Today, the fifth generation of Borbas is rep-resented by Mark and Peggy’s son, Derek. Derek and his wife, Jennifer, operate the farm-ing and custom farm management business. As custom farm operators, they perform ma-chine operations on partnered farms in Westlands Water District. Having survived years of drought, the farming operation en-compasses 9,000 acres of almonds, tomatoes, garlic, melons, lettuce, wheat, and Pima cotton on the Valley’s west side. The Borba family has significantly contrib-uted to the Central Valley’s agriculture industry through philanthropy, financial support, and leadership of organizations including the Cali-fornia Agriculture Leadership Foundation, Se-quoia Council Boy Scouts, Valley Teen Ranch, and Ag One. The family has also made a last-ing impression on many in their community. The Borba family understands the incredible importance of education, and has continuously supported Riverdale Unified School District, San Joaquin College of Law, and Pacific Legal Foundation. Members ofthe Borba family have volunteered and provided support to their local health and wellness organizations and support services including Community Medical Center, Saint Agnes Medical Center, Valley Children’s Hospital, and the Marjaree Mason Center. In acknowledgment of his and his family’s con-tributions and accomplishments, Mark Borba was awarded the U.C. Davis 1996 Award of Distinction. Mark was also influential in estab-lishing the Ross Borba, Sr. Scholarship En-dowment for agricultural college students. Ad-ditionally, Borba Farms, Inc. received the 2007 Baker, Peterson, and Franklin, CPA, LLP, Ag-ricultural Business Award in recognition of its impact on the agricultural industry and Central San Joaquin Valley. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Borba family for their contributions to the Central Valley and their presence in the agriculture industry for over five generations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VIETNAMESE ARMED FORCES DAY CEREMONY 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize the Vietnamese Armed Forces Day Ceremony at the Vietnam War Memorial in Denver, Colorado. This ceremony seeks to honor the efforts of all of those who fought in Vietnam and commemorate the 42nd Anniversary of the Fall of Saigon. As a U.S. Marine Corps combat veteran, I understand the importance that duty and sac-rifice for one’s country is not something unique to the United States military. In fact, the Viet-nam Memorial in Denver serves as a reminder of those sacrifices made not only by the Amer-icans who fought there, but reminds us here in the U.S. of the hardships endured by the South Vietnamese themselves. Most impor-tantly, the Memorial also serves as a symbol of friendship and shared struggle to defend freedom and liberty, in which the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.001 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE828 June 15, 2017 
States and Republic of Vietnam together sac-rificed so much and fought so bravely. This year is the 2nd Anniversary of the Vietnam War Memorial in Denver, and it truly rep-resents an important and meaningful addition to our community. I am proud to recognize the efforts put forth by these men and women in the defense of democracy in our two countries. The United States of America is stronger and more en-riched because of their contributions and for this, I thank them. I would also like to thank True Nguyen, President of the Vietnamese American Com-munity of Colorado and Thinh Nguyen, the Chair of the Vietnamese Armed Forces Day Organizing Committee for helping to make this ceremony and special day possible. 
f 
CELEBRATING JUNETEENTH 2017 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Juneteenth. On June 19 (Juneteenth), 1865, Major General Gordon Granger landed at Galveston Island and issued General Order Number 3 which read, ‘‘the people of Texas are informed that, in accordance with a procla-mation from the Executive of the United States, all slaves are free.’’ With this action the last American slaves, nearly 250,000 Tex-ans, were freed two and a half years after President Abraham Lincoln signed the Eman-cipation Proclamation. Early Juneteenth celebrations were political rallies to teach freed African Americans about their freedoms, including voting rights. Over the years Juneteenth is celebrated at a wide variety of public events, prayer services, cere-monies, family gatherings, parades, bar-becues, rodeos, and sporting events. Modern Juneteenth celebrations encourage self-devel-opment and respect for all cultures. Today, Juneteenth remains the oldest known celebration of the end of slavery. In 1979 Governor William ‘‘Bill’’ Clements, Jr. signed legislation declaring Juneteenth as a state holiday. By 2016 forty-five of the fifty states in the Union have followed suit recog-nizing Juneteenth as either a state holiday, ceremonial day, or day of observance. Mr. Speaker I rise, with my fellow Texans, to celebrate Juneteenth in the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING THE 80TH BIRTHDAY OF MR. LAWRENCE REEDUS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege and with great respect that I congratulate Mr. Lawrence Reedus on a momentous mile-stone, his 80th birthday. Lawrence will be celebrating with family and friends on Friday, June 16, 2017, at the Calumet Township Multi-Purpose Center in Gary, Indiana. Lawrence Wesley Reedus was born on June 5, 1937, in Gary, Indiana, the second oldest of five children. As a young man, he at-tended Roosevelt High School, where he ex-celled in his athletic pursuits, lettering in both football and basketball. After graduating in 1956, Lawrence continued his educational pur-suits in Indiana at Manchester College. After working various jobs, Mr. Reedus found his calling as a career fireman for the Gary Fire Department, serving the city and its residents for more than twenty years. Known for his leadership and his political interest, Lawrence was determined to obtain a union for his fellow firefighters, so it is no surprise that he would go on to become the first African American president for the Gary Firefighters Association IAFF Local 359. For his unwavering dedication to his colleagues and to the community of Gary, Lawrence Reedus is worthy of the high-est praise. Mr. Reedus’s greatest source of pride is his amazing family. He has three beloved children and three adoring grandchildren. Lawrence now resides in Memphis, Tennessee, but we are honored by his loyal service to the people of Gary for so many years. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in com-mending Lawrence Reedus on this special day. His outstanding dedication to his commu-nity and fellow firefighters is truly admirable. It is my pleasure to join Lawrence’s family and friends in wishing him a very happy 80th birth-day. f 
HONORING MRS. DOLIA GONZALEZ 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mrs. Dolia Gon-zalez, who at the age of 88, received her high school diploma. Mrs. Gonzalez is the embodiment of hard work and selflessness. After completing the 7th grade, Dolia left school to help her mother raise her five siblings. She then became a full- time mother to her own son, Alfredo Gonzalez, who sacrificed his life for our country in the Vietnam War. After losing Freddy in the Vietnam War, Mrs. Gonzalez continued to work at the Echo Hotel in Edinburg. Unfortunately, she eventu-ally lost the compensation previously promised to her by the United States Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Then after being forced to leave her job at the Echo due to health concerns, she began working at her local H.E.B. in Edin-burg, Texas, where she is currently employed. On Saturday, June 3, Mrs. Gonzalez re-ceived an honorary high school diploma from McAllen High School in McAllen, Texas. Alongside Dolia were her niece, Emily Acosta, and the rest of the McAllen High School Class of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I again offer my congratula-tions to Mrs. Gonzalez and her family. Her perseverance, fortitude, and dedication to her family and to our country have not gone unno-ticed. She has made the South Texas commu-nity a better place, and it is my honor to ac-knowledge her today. TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE SILICON VALLEY LEADERSHIP GROUP ON ITS FORTIETH ANNIVERSARY HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Silicon Valley Leadership Group (SVLG) as it celebrates its fortieth anniversary. Founded by David Packard in 1978, SVLG ad-vocates on behalf of Silicon Valley businesses in the interest of expanding the economy and maintaining a high quality of life in Silicon Val-ley. Under the superb leadership of CEO Carl Guardino, the approximately 400 member companies constitute one in every three pri-vate sector jobs in Silicon Valley. The Leadership Group has built mightily upon David Packard’s legacy by playing a key role in many critical undertakings, including: the establishment of a permanent U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in Silicon Valley; estab-lishing the Housing Trust Fund to create af-fordable housing; creating new employment opportunities for women; and advocating for comprehensive immigration reform. SVLG has been the unquestioned leader in the develop-ment of transportation improvements, including securing funding for the electrification of Caltrain to replace diesel trains with high-per-formance electric-powered trains; several suc-cessful efforts to expand BART to San Jose; and the enhancement of expressways, local roads, transit and highways to provide safer and more efficient commutes for Silicon Valley employees. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in expressing our col-lective gratitude to the premier organization of Silicon Valley for its extraordinary contributions to the economic health and quality of life in Silicon Valley. We offer our congratulations on the occasion of its four decades of accom-plishments which have made our region the economic engine of our nation’s economy and have strengthened our country in countless ways. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF FORT GEORGE G. MEADE 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Fort George G. Meade. For a century, Fort Meade has been an integral part of both our national security system as well as the Maryland com-munity. First constructed to house troops shipping off to fight in World War I, Camp Meade—as it was then known—was named for Civil War hero Major General George Gordon Meade, whose victory at the Battle of Gettysburg halt-ed the Confederacy’s invasion of the Union and turned the tide of the war. Over the course of World War I, more than 400,000 service members left from Camp Meade to fight in the war. During the interwar period, Fort Meade housed the Army Tank School as well as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.002 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE829 June 15, 2017 
Experimental Motorized Forces. During World War II, approximately 3.5 million soldiers trained at Fort Meade, which was also used to house Italian and German prisoners of war. After WWII, the Fort reverted to peacetime activities. The Fort’s importance grew when the Second U.S. Army moved to Fort Meade, and again when the First U.S. Army merged with the Second and moved to Fort Meade. In 1953, the Fort became the first to deploy the Nike I antiaircraft missile system. Later re-named the Nike Ajax, the Nike I was the world’s first surface-to-air missile defense sys-tem and was designed to protect the capital region from Soviet bombers. The Cold War period initiated a shift at the base to a greater intelligence focus. Fort Meade has been vital to the intelligence mis-sion of the United States since the 1950s, when it became the headquarters for the Na-tional Security Agency (NSA). The Fort’s mis-sion expanded in 1995 when the Defense In-formation School moved there. Since that time the School has expanded to include both the Defense Visual Information School and the Defense Photography School. More recently US Cyber Command was moved to Fort Meade. Today, six cyber headquarters are housed at Fort Meade, making it the epicenter of our 21st century defense. The 2005 BRAC ushered in some of the most significant growth in the history of the Fort. The Defense Information Systems Agen-cy (DISA), which provides complete informa-tion technology services to the Department of Defense, moved its headquarters to Fort Meade, bringing 4,300 workers to a new 1.1 million-square-foot headquarters. The Defense Media Activity and Defense Adjudication Ac-tivities also relocated to the base, bringing a combined total of over 1,300 positions employ-ees with them. The continued growth of Fort Meade during a time of downsizing and shrinking budgets speaks to its efficacy and its essential mission. The NSA presence at Fort Meade makes the base one of the most important to the se-curity of our nation. The work done by thou-sands of Marylanders at the Fort every day is crucial for maintaining day to day IT stability for all Americans and disrupting terrorist net-works and plans. In addition to its vital impact on our nation’s intelligence mission, Fort Meade has sent many active duty service members abroad. Collectively, around 2,700 personnel from 42 units were deployed from the base during Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. I also want to emphasize the enormous im-pact Fort George G. Meade has on the econ-omy of our state. Fort Meade employs over 56,000 personnel across 119 agencies and has a supported population of over 145,000, providing a significant boost to the local econ-omy. Fort George G. Meade is the largest em-ployer in Maryland, the fifth-largest employ-ment center in the state, and has the third- largest workforce of any U.S. Army installa-tion. In the past 100 years, Fort Meade has made a profound impact on Maryland, the United States, and the world. I am confident that legacy will continue over the next 100 years and beyond, and once again congratu-late Fort George G. Meade and all who have served there on this momentous anniversary. AFRICA’S CURRENT AND POTENTIAL FAMINES 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the Bible, in the Book of Ecclesiastes Chapter 3, Verse 2, tells us that: ‘‘There is a time to plant and a time to harvest.’’ That ancient prescrip-tion has allowed multitudes to be fed over the millennia, but now ruthless men seeking power have disrupted this cycle, causing man- made famine where none should exist in Afri-can countries from South Sudan to Nigeria to Somalia. Potential famine conditions in Africa and Yemen have been called the worst since World War II, even worse than the cata-strophic 2011 famine in East Africa. What makes this round of potential famine even more tragic is how preventable it is. For exam-ple, South Sudan contains the most arable land in what was once a united Sudan. Aside from oil reserves, agriculture was seen as the key to South Sudan’s future success. Now, areas such as the Equatoria provinces, South Sudan’s breadbasket, are engulfed in conflict with citizens fleeing the country in the thou-sands daily. There are more than 4.8 million displaced South Sudanese—1.8 million refugees in neighboring countries and at least 2 million in-ternally displaced persons (IDPs). South Sudan is experiencing heightened levels of food insecurity with as high as 27 percent of the population in some areas facing famine. Despite the government’s contention that peo-ple are merely being frightened by rumors of conflict, South Sudan has quickly surpassed Eritrea to become the world’s fastest emptying country. Another country seeing a major exodus due to conflict is Somalia. There are an estimated 881,000 Somali refugees, and the anticipated scale of population displacement from Somalia due to pervasive conflict and the threat of star-vation will increase refugee flows throughout the region and into Europe. In Somalia, nearly 6.2 million people are currently in need of hu-manitarian assistance, and more than 2.9 mil-lion people are facing crisis or emergency lev-els of acute food insecurity, including nearly a million children under the age of five. Nigeria is yet another country close to expe-riencing famine due to conflict. There are 14 million people in northeast Nigeria who are in urgent need of humanitarian assistance, in-cluding more than 8 million children, and al-most 6 million people are also facing severe food insecurity. Almost 9 million Nigerians are projected to suffer from food insecurity by Au-gust 2017, including more than 3 million peo-ple living in the northeast state of Borno. We focus on the part Boko Haram has played in creating chaos and near famine in Nigeria, and quite rightly so. More than 30,000 lives have been lost in violence related to Ni-geria’s Boko Haram insurgency, but there is a developing threat that could widen the likeli-hood of food insecurity there. Attacks by Fulani extremists on farmers in Nigeria’s Mid-dle Belt are increasing in intensity and could further exacerbate hunger in the region. The El Nin˜o-La Nin˜a weather cycles have caused drought as well as flooding in parts of Africa in recent years. The possibility of drought currently threatens famine in countries ranging from Angola to Sudan to Mozambique to Madagascar. Nevertheless, it is conflict that poses an even greater threat of famine in countries such as the Central African Repub-lic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Mali and could cause or exacerbate famine should fighting disrupt planting-harvesting cy-cles and markets where locally produced food can be purchased. Ranking Member B
ASS and I just returned from a mission to South Sudan and Uganda. Humanitarian aid officials repeatedly told us that no matter how much aid is provided, it will not be enough to meet the ever-expanding need. Although we need to do more, no amount of assistance will do the job unless the conflict in South Sudan is definitively ended. Currently, there is not enough food to keep pace with the growing flow of refugees from South Sudan, and rations have been cut at times by half. There has been a cease-fire declared in South Sudan, but many observers believe that is due more to the rainy season preventing large movements of troops and heavy equip-ment than a genuine determination to end the conflict. This week, the Intergovernmental Au-thority on Development has convened a con-ference aimed at bringing the South Sudan conflict to an end. After numerous efforts to reach a lasting cease-fire, one can only hope the realization of the immensity of this crisis will lead the warring parties to actually seek a lasting peace. The hearing I held today was intended to make the appeal both for continued humani-tarian aid from our government and others in the international community, but also for a more robust international effort to end conflict in the countries where people are scattered in the millions and desperate levels of hunger are rampant. We must contend with the vagar-ies of weather, but we shouldn’t have to see people suffer for the ambitions of those with-out mercy seeking power at any cost. 
f 
THE OCCASION OF BARBARA GRIJALVA’S RETIREMENT 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-ognize and celebrate Barbara Grijalva on her retirement from KOLD News 13, Tucson. Barbara has been a fixture of our commu-nity from her first time on screen in 1983. Born and raised in Tucson, and a graduate of the University of Arizona, Barbara is a unique, homegrown personality. For 34 years, Barbara worked tirelessly to provide Tucson and Southern Arizona with the most relevant and updated news, both local and national, and is considered a living legend by her coworkers and viewers. During her time on KOLD News 13, Barbara was flexible in her reporting, working as both an anchor and a reporter in the field; in times of need, Barbara could al-ways be counted on by her team to get the job done. Above all, Barbara Grijalva is a trusted professional whose reporting is always defined by the facts. In these times, the loss of a journalist of Barbara’s caliber is signifi-cant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.007 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE830 June 15, 2017 
Her talent, demeanor, and style will be missed coming into our homes and our minds. We thank Barbara for the contributions and impact she has given us, and we wish her well in her next adventure. 
f 
MARKING ONE YEAR SINCE THE PULSE NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING 
HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, one year ago this week, 49 beautiful, innocent lives were stolen from us and countless others were forever changed as a result of the trag-edy at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando. The losses were staggering. The act shock-ing. And the stories heartbreaking. It was a tragedy that did not represent the Orlando I know, a vibrant city that prides itself on its love, inclusion and hospitality. Orlando is not a perfect city, but it is a great city. In the aftermath of this tragedy, our city was tested, but it was never broken. Everyone in Orlando from courageous po-lice officers and first responders to compas-sionate medical professionals and complete strangers, came together in our darkest hour. Ordinary citizens did extraordinary things. We proved we were Orlando strong and Orlando united. That’s why Monday—Orlando United Day— and everything it represents, is so important for Orlando, and our nation. I stood alongside thousands of people at the Pulse memorial in Orlando on Monday morn-ing. The memory of that event is still vivid, but the love and unity within our city has never been stronger. I remember the first time I visited those sa-cred grounds after that tragic night. I was overcome with emotion by the outpouring of love written onto walls, within picture frames, and in notes tied to flowers. I came across a simple message written in chalk with a heart drawn around it: ‘‘Keep Dancing.’’ We owe it to the victims and their families to keep dancing, and to do everything within our power to prevent tragedies like this from happening again. That’s why Congress must lead. We must continue to work together, Democrats and Re-publicans, to protect our communities from these horrific acts. Hope that things can and will change should drive our efforts. While 49 voices were forever silenced here one year ago, hope, as Harvey Milk once said, hope will never be silent. We must honor the lives and legacies of the Pulse victims by putting aside that which di-vides us and rededicating ourselves to treating one another with love and respect. Today, let’s remember 49 beautiful lives that were lost one year ago. Their names and faces must inspire us to be better people, and a better nation. May God bless the memories of the Pulse victims and their families, and may we all keep dancing. ASHLEY GARCIA GOMEZ HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ashley Garcia Gomez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ashley Garcia Gomez is a student at Ar-vada K–8 School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ashley Garcia Gomez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ash-ley Garcia Gomez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE 75TH WEDDING AN-NIVERSARY OF JAMES AND MADELINE PETRASKE, RESI-DENTS OF NISKAYUNA IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th Wedding Anniversary of James and Madeline Petraske of Niskayuna, New York. James and Madeline met when James— who was dating a friend of Madeline’s—of-fered her a ride home from her job at the Na-tional Baseball Manufacturing Company in Schenectady, New York. The couple married two years later on Flag Day, June 14, 1942. In 1944, as World War II raged on around the world, James and Madeline answered the call to serve. James left his job at General Electric to serve our country overseas. Mad-eline joined the war effort here at home as a nurse aid for the Red Cross. The two wrote to each other regularly until James returned home on June 25, 1946. James returned to his job at General Electric where he worked until he retired as a Man-ager of Shop Operations in 1961. In addition to their service to our country, James and Madeline volunteered with Meals On Wheels throughout their lives, stopping only after Madeline and James had turned 89 and 90, respectively. Madeline, at the age of 97, continues to volunteer for the Disabled American Veterans. James and Madeline are the proud parents of three children, five grandchildren, eleven great grandchildren and one great great grandchild. Each night before they go to sleep, James tells Madeline she is the best thing that ever happened to him. Congratulations to James and Madeline on their 75th Wedding Anniversary. We thank them for their lifetimes of service to their com-munity and country. f 
HONORING FAGEN ELEVATOR 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Fagen Elevator, a family owned and operated business celebrating its 100th year of operation, in Keota, Iowa. Fagen Elevator was established in 1917 by Walter L. Fagen. It has been continually owned and managed by members of the Fagen family since its establishment. Today, Fagen Elevators is operated by the fourth gen-eration of Fagens, Larry and David. The Fagen family has accomplished an incredible amount in the 100 years that they have owned and operated the Fagen Elevator business in Keota. Fagen Elevators has contributed greatly to Keota, and will continue to better the area for many more years to come. Again, I want to offer my congratulations to the Fagen family as they celebrate this exciting milestone and to thank them for their hard work as a pillar of the Keota community. 
f 
ASIA MONDRAGON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Asia Mondragon for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Asia Mondragon is a student at Oberon Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Asia Mondragon is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Asia Mondragon for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HIGH SCHOOL GRAD-UATES FROM NEW YORK’S 22ND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WHO WILL SERVE IN THE MILITARY 
HON. CLAUDIA TENNEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recog-nize and to express my gratitude to the fol-lowing individuals from New York’s 22nd Con-gressional District who upon graduation from high school will serve in the military: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.003 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE831 June 15, 2017 
Kevin Riggs, NYS Army National Guard; Kayla Thompson, NYS Army National Guard; Alexander J. Leggett, U.S. Army; Sayre P. Palmer, U.S. Navy; Joseph S. Podhayski, U.S. Army; Nicolas Tarbox, NYS Army National Guard; Justin Mallory, U.S. Army National Guard; Johnathan D. Sbarra, U.S. Air Force; James L. Wachter III, U.S. Air Force; Kristian R. Woolston, U.S. Air Force; Corey Mies, U.S. Marines; Joseph M. Maerkl, U.S. Air Force; Garrett M. Miller, U.S. Air Force; Tyler M. Thorick, U.S. Air Force; Kaitlin R. Johnson, U.S. Air Force; Gabriel Woods, NYS Army Na-tional Guard; Joshua M. Ledford, U.S. Army; Zaccuary A. King, U.S. Navy. Marissa Urban, NYS Army National Guard; Joshua P. Cortes, U.S. Navy; Monique M. Szczpanski, U.S. Marines; Timothy J. Thomp-son, U.S. Air Force; Nathan S. Gibson, U.S. Air Force; Nicholas V. Scherrer, U.S. Army; Briana Tillotson, NYS Army National Guard; Jarret Gates, U.S. Marines; Ethan M. Parker, U.S. Army; Jason M. Spear, U.S. Army; Ra-chel M. Van Alstine, U.S. Navy; Talia A. Jones, U.S. Army; Morgan R. Vymislicky, U.S. Air Force; Krystal Doane, U.S. Army; Seth A. Dickson, U.S. Navy; Gunnar C. Ford, U.S. Air Force; Thomas J. Fuimo Ill, U.S. Air Force. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUSAN ALVERIO 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Susan Alverio of Norwalk, Iowa, for earning the Con-gressional Award Gold Medal. Established in 1979 by the United States Congress, the Congressional Award was cre-ated to recognize outstanding achievements made by young people who dedicate them-selves to public service, physical fitness and personal development. Overall, there are two levels of achievement that must be earned be-fore obtaining the Gold Congressional Award Medal. Before achieving the third and final level, participants must contribute 400 hours to voluntary public service, 200 hours of personal development and physical fitness, and a four consecutive night expedition or exploration. Susan has had great success in all areas of achievement on her journey towards ultimately earning the Congressional Award Gold Medal. She volunteered at the Blank Park Zoo, learned how to read music as well as play the piano and the guitar, and dedicated herself to physical fitness through long-distance running. Overall, Susan said, ‘‘I grew as a person while working towards the Gold Congressional Award.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Susan for earning this outstanding award. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating her on this momentous occasion and in wishing her nothing but continued success in all of her endeavors. ANTHONY MONROY-SANCE HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Anthony Monroy-Sance for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Anthony Monroy-Sance is a student at Ar-vada High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Anthony Monroy-Sance is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to An-thony Monroy-Sance for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
STEVEN BAKOTIC 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Steven Bakotic as a member of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2017. Steven graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy with a Bachelor of Science and he was commissioned as an Ensign in the United States Navy on May 26, 2017. His career in the service has just begun, but it is a testament to Steven’s unselfish devotion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, although it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. South Mississippi is proud of Steven and his accomplishments, and we look forward to him continuing to represent not only Mississippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Navy officer. As Steven embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment graduating from a program as prestigious as the Naval Academy. I would like to send Steven my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors, thank him for his service, and congratulate him on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MS. JUNE MARIE ROBERSON FOR HER WORK IN THE YPSILANTI COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Ms. June Marie Roberson. Ms. Roberson was accomplished and well-known for her work in the local Bap-tist community. Ms. Roberson moved to Ypsilanti at a young age and became known for her work and ac-tivism in the community. She began her career as a dietitian with St. Joseph Mercy Hospital, and then moved to University of Michigan Hospital. She then took a new position as an assembler at Ford Motor Company. She was also active with several Baptist churches in the area throughout her life. Ms. June was a member of the Metropolitan Memorial Baptist Church, where she served as the congrega-tion’s Baptist Youth Fellowship and was a member of the church choir. She eventually moved to Second Baptist Church when her husband was named as the church’s Deacon, where she continued her work with children by teaching Sunday School. She then moved to Mt. Olive Baptist Church, where she cham-pioned several initiatives, including serving as Director of the Children’s Mission and Presi-dent of the Mission Department. Ms. Roberson was a kind and dedicated member of the Ypsilanti community who was committed to helping others and working on behalf of the community’s children. She was strongly supportive of the children in the Bap-tist congregations in which she was a mem-ber, and was well-regarded in the community for her involvement with the church. She also attended the National Baptists Congress of Christian Education and National Baptist Con-vention, and her involvement with these reli-gious forums underscores her commitment to the well-being of others. As a committed moth-er of three children, Ms. Roberson was active in their lives and supportive of her grand-children. Her kindness, commitment to the community, and support of those in need will be missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. June Marie Roberson. Ms. Roberson was a pillar of the Ypsilanti commu-nity whose life had a tremendous impact. f 
AVERY NOEL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Avery Noel for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Avery Noel is a student at Two Roads Char-ter School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Avery Noel is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Avery Noel for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.007 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE832 June 15, 2017 
CONGRATULATING TURNING NAT-URAL, INC. AND CELEBRATING D.C. SMALL BUSINESSES 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Jerri Evans and her com-pany, Turning Natural, Inc., this year’s D.C. Small Business of the Year. This unique honor is part of our annual Small Business Fair, which we are holding today at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. This year, we are proud to honor Small Business of the Year Turning Natural, Inc., a juice bar located in the Southeast part of the city. Turning Natural has been a welcome fix-ture in the neighborhood for almost a decade. Growing up, Evans witnessed her family’s dif-ficulty accessing healthy foods. Neighbor-hoods where Evans grew up in Southeast were considered food deserts, and, sadly, many still are today. With the juice bar, Evans provides her neighbors a healthy alternative to fast food, carry-outs and corner stores. Today, she keeps things fresh with creative juice names like ‘‘Green Latifah,’’ ‘‘Swizz Beets’’ and ‘‘Mi’Kale Jackson,’’ and by adding a vari-ety of new juice types to her menu, including the increasingly popular cold-press juices. Evans’ mother, Annette Turner, founded Turn-ing Natural after surviving a bout with Stage II breast cancer. Sadly, when the cancer re-turned in 2010, she lost that fight. Jerri contin-ued the business and her mother’s legacy, and, today, continues to run the company and to advocate for healthy living among Washing-tonians. This is the 20th time we are hosting our Small Business Fair to highlight the impor-tance of small businesses in the District. The Fair provides critical information, counseling and resources to aspiring and current D.C. business owners. Small businesses are an es-sential lifeline in our local economy, and the District thrives because of their success. I thank the Washington Convention Center for hosting us again this year; the workshop ex-perts who are providing valuable information and assistance to small businesses; and, of course, all of the small businesses who partici-pate this year. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the D.C. Small Business of the Year, Turning Natural, Inc., as well as in celebrating our small businesses across the District. In the District and in districts around the country, we know the social, cultural and economic importance of small businesses. 
f 
STAFFORD TEACHER RETIRES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Norma Menchaca of Stafford, TX, for her outstanding contributions as a teacher the past 38 years. Norma began her teaching career with the Stafford Municipal School District as a kinder-garten teacher in 1983. After graduating from the University of Texas-Pan American, she worked for the Brownsville Independent School District, but moved to Houston after her husband became a Houston Firefighter. Norma loves the small town atmosphere of the school district and looks forward to high school graduation ceremonies so she can see her former students graduate. Today she’s the longest serving teacher in the school district and said her retirement will be bittersweet. She will be missed. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, I thank Norma again for her time teaching our children. She has been an important and influential member of our community shaping the minds of genera-tions of students. We wish her a happy retire-ment. f 
AUGUSTA MAE PENN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Augusta Mae Penn for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Augusta Mae Penn is a student at Two Roads Charter School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Augusta Mae Penn is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Au-gusta Mae Penn for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
U.S.S. ‘‘HOBSON’’ 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it’s been over 66 years since the sinking of the USS Hobson. However, for those involved, that fateful day feels like it was just yesterday. The Hobson was a Destroyer as well as a mine-sweeping ship that survived multiple battles during World War II, including the invasion of Normandy and the assault on Okinawa. Yet, it was not an enemy ship or plane that took the Hobson down, but a U.S. aircraft carrier. Late in the night of April 26, 1952, the Hob- son was participating in a naval exercise with the carriers Wasp and Rodman. The USS Wasp, in preparation for airplanes to land on its deck, turned into the wind. In order to avoid the Wasp’s new position, the Hobson needed to maneuver out of its path. Instead of slowing down and passing behind the Wasp, the Hob- son cut across the Wasp’s bow. This proved to be a fatal mistake. The Wasp struck the Hobson in its middle. The impact caused the Hobson to split in two. Within four minutes, the ship had sunk to the bottom of the ocean, taking 176 crew mem-bers with it. Most of the crew was asleep at the time of the accident, thus having no chance at surviving the crash. Fortunately, sixty-one crew members were able to be res-cued from the sea by the Wasp and the Rod- man. The sinking of the USS Hobson and its crew members was a terrible tragedy for our coun-try. The crew members who lost their lives that night will forever be remembered for their bravery and dedication. We must do our best to keep our heroes safe, both in and out of war. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING MR. WILLIE SPAN 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Willie Span of Tamarac, Florida. Willie was a constituent of mine, who tragically passed away on October 2, 2014, after being struck by a vehicle while on his way to the William ‘‘Bill’’ Kling VA Clinic in Sunrise, Florida. Since this heartbreaking accident, Willie be-came a symbol for pedestrian safety and for veterans in our community. Veterans had ad-vocated long and hard for a crosswalk and traffic light to the Bill Kling Clinic, yet they were told that there were not enough pedes-trians crossing the street to warrant the changes. In the time since the accident, Wil-lie’s wife, Doris Span, has continued to push for a safer way for veterans to cross the street from the bus stop to get to the clinic. The bus stop has been temporarily removed and replaced with paratransit service for vet-erans, and we are all anticipating a lasting so-lution to avoid future tragedies. We must do everything we can to create safe places for pedestrians through the placements of cross-walks and lights. Too often, this does not hap-pen until a terrible accident occurs. Mr. Speaker, Willie Span was a veteran of the war in Vietnam, having served as a private in the United States Army, 8th Infantry Divi-sion. He and his wife had been married for eight years before purchasing their first home together, something that had always been his dream. On Monday, June 19, 2017, Willie’s family, friends, and representatives of the U.S. Army, the Miami VA Healthcare System, the William ‘‘Bill’’ Kling Veterans Clinic, the Broward Coun-ty Veterans Coalition, and Broward County Transit will gather at the location of the acci-dent to honor his memory and place a memo-rial plaque. He is remembered as a soft-spo-ken and honorable man, beloved by his family and friends. I am very pleased to honor his life and legacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.011 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE833 June 15, 2017 
APRIL PYRON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud April Pyron for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. April Pyron is a student at Arvada K–8 School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by April Pyron is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to April Pyron for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHRISTOPHER THOMAS FOR HIS SERVICE AS MICHIGAN’S DIRECTOR OF ELEC-TIONS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Christopher Thomas for his distin-guished service on behalf of the State of Michigan. As the state’s Director of Elections for the past 36 years, Mr. Thomas has served Michigan voters well through his rigorous over-sight of the state’s electoral processes. Mr. Thomas began his career in 1974 man-aging campaign finance regulations at U.S. House of Representatives and later moved to the Federal Election Commission, where he worked with candidates to ensure compliance with federal election laws. As a result of his performance, Mr. Thomas was appointed to be Michigan’s Director of Elections in 1981 by Michigan Secretary of State Richard Austin. As Director of Elections, Mr. Thomas has overseen 1,600 clerks in counties, townships and cities across the state to run Michigan elections and work to staff and train workers. Throughout his time as director, Mr. Thomas has earned a reputation as an effective admin-istrator who impartially handled Michigan’s elections. He is also well-regarded among his peers, having served as president of the Na-tional Association of State Election Directors, a national forum that shares best practices on running accurate and transparent elections in 2013. Mr. Thomas has been a model Director of Elections who has served the State of Michi-gan with distinction. Under his leadership, Michigan has successfully leveraged advances in technology to improve the functioning of our state’s electoral processes. In addition, Mr. Thomas is well-known for his nonpartisan han-dling of elections and thorough knowledge of procedure and election law. He also served on President Obama’s Presidential Commission on Election Administration, which enabled him to utilize his decades of knowledge to improve the election experience for America’s voters. He has been an outstanding leader during his career in election administration, and I wish him well as he retires after an extraordinary career serving Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Christopher Thomas for his 36 years of public service as Michigan’s Director of Elections and his leadership in the nation for ensuring fair elections throughout the coun-try. Mr. Thomas’s work has helped ensure the integrity and accessibility of Michigan’s elec-tions. f 
PITTSBURGH PENGUINS STANLEY CUP VICTORY 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I’m very excited to say congratu-lations, once again, to the Pittsburgh Penguins on winning the 2017 Stanley Cup. For those of you who don’t know, the Pen-guins also won the Stanley Cup last year— making them back-to-back champions. That hasn’t been done since the late 1990s and since the salary cap was put in place. It was truly a historic achievement, and the City of Pittsburgh could not be more excited. This is the 5th Stanley Cup for the Penguins fran-chise. Over the course of the season—and particu-larly the playoffs—the Penguins showed the grit, resiliency, and determination that is em-blematic of the City of Pittsburgh. They battled through injury after injury, tough games, hos-tile arenas, changing rosters—you name it, they faced it. And yet they came out on top every time. Throughout the course of the playoffs, they bested the Columbus Blue Jackets in the first round, winning handily in a 4–1 series. Next, they came here to D.C. and faced the No. 1- seed Washington Capitals. Well, for the ninth time in 10 playoff matchups, the Pens de-feated the Capitals in a brutal 7-game series that also (temporarily) knocked out our Cap-tain, Sidney Crosby. But the thing about Pitts-burgh—and the Pens—is that a knock-out punch just won’t keep us down for long. They moved right along and trucked through the Ot-tawa Senators 4–2 to make it back to the Stanley Cup Finals for the second year in a row. Now, I would like to congratulate the Nash-ville Predators on a magical run through the playoffs and a hard-fought final series. But ulti-mately, it wasn’t enough to overcome the Pen-guins’ skill, experience, hustle, and determina-tion. In a riveting Game 6, neither team had scored a goal and the end of regulation was quickly approaching. With only 95 seconds left on the clock, Patric Hornqvist managed to use the Predator’s goalie himself to get the puck in the net. Left with few options, the Preds had to pull their goalie which allowed the Penguins to get an empty-net goal with seconds remain-ing. It was the perfect end to a historic sea-son. I would particularly like to congratulate Sid-ney Crosby on winning his second back-to- back Conn Smythe Trophy, one of only three players ever to do so. The last player to win back-to-back? The Pens very own Mario Lemieux. The City of Pittsburgh is welcoming home another championship trophy, and for that I would like to once again thank and congratu-late the 2017 Stanley Cup Champion Pitts-burgh Penguins. Welcome back to Pittsburgh, Lord Stanley. f 
RED ROCKS COMMUNITY COLLEGE INNOVATION CHALLENGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the team from Red Rocks Community College on be-coming a finalist for a third year in a row in the National Science Foundation’s Community College Innovation Challenge. This program serves as an innovative way for community college students to partner with local indus-tries to create pioneering STEM-based solu-tions for real world issues. The Community College Innovation Challenge is an important example of encouraging STEM education and research for our nation’s students and future leaders. I congratulate all of the competition’s participants for their work on a variety of im-portant projects. The Red Rocks team tackled the important issue of practical cyber workforce training. By creating a cyber-lab learning environment, stu-dents can expand real-world skills in practical work situations in a safer and more controlled environment. This project demonstrates how we can enhance classroom learning by allow-ing students to apply their skills in real-world situations and be better prepared for the skills and tasks necessary in the workforce. I congratulate the Red Rocks Team of Bill Cherrington, Isaac Kerley, Joseph Murdock, Bruno Salvatico and John Sanchez for their success. I applaud this group for their dedica-tion to this important project and their leader-ship and commitment to STEM education blazing a path for our country’s future leaders and innovators. I am proud of the work Red Rocks Community College does every day and I look forward to seeing what the school and these students accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING SERVICE ACADEMY STUDENTS 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend heartfelt congratulations to Karrington Evans, John Paul Post of Altus, Randall Parker Ross of Hot Springs, Katie Welch of Pearcy, Briston Yarbrough of Danville. These star students from the Fourth District of Arkansas will have the honor of at-tending the service academies this Fall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.014 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE834 June 15, 2017 
Briston will attend the Air Force Academy; Parker will attend West Point; John Paul and Katie will attend the Naval Academy; and Karrington will attend the Naval Academy Pre-paratory School. Arkansas has a history of academy alumni. These include General Douglas MacArthur— Supreme Allied Commander in the Pacific dur-ing World War II, and Brigadier General Wil-liam O. Darby, leader of what would later be-come the Army Rangers. Their example is one of courage and excellence under any cir-cumstances. With this rich tradition before them and through their own accomplishments, there’s no doubt these students will do their very best—bringing honor to themselves, their families, and their state. I wish them well in their service careers and success in whatever they pursue. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE COMPAS-SIONATE ACCESS, RESEARCH EX-PANSION AND RESPECT STATES (CARERS) ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to in-troduce the Compassionate Access, Research Expansion and Respect States Act, also known as the CARERS Act. This bipartisan, bicameral bill would allow states to set their own policies on medical marijuana, allow states to import Cannabidiol to treat patients with seizures, give the Veterans Administration physicians the ability to recommend medical marijuana to patients and improve opportuni-ties for research on marijuana. The consensus on medical marijuana is al-ready overwhelming and continues to build. According to a Quinnipiac University poll, 93 percent of Americans believe people should be allowed to use medically prescribed mari-juana. 93 percent of Americans rarely agree on anything. In November, North Dakota, Montana, Flor-ida and Arkansas joined a growing majority of states that have legalized medical marijuana. Twenty-nine states plus the District of Colum-bia have approved medical marijuana. Even CNN’s Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta, who was once skeptical of medical marijuana, has publicly endorsed it. Yet, our federal laws continue to treat pa-tients and the doctors and families who care for them like criminals. It is long overdue for our federal law to re-flect the common sense views of 93 percent of Americans and stop adding to the suffering of those with horrible illnesses. One such patient was my constituent, Chloe Grauer. At 3 years old, Chloe suffered from a rare neurological disease that caused her to have 100 to 200 seizures a day. She tried dozens of medications and underwent surgical procedures but nothing stopped the seizures. Her family tried desperately to treat her with Cannabidiol—also known as ‘‘Charlotte’s Web’’ or ‘‘CBD’’ for short—which has been shown to treat certain diseases that cause sei-zures, such as the disease from which Chloe suffered. CBD is derived from cannabis plants, and even though it contains just trace amounts of the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana—nowhere near enough to produce a high—but it is currently illegal under federal law. Even this tiny amount of the ingredient, THC, was enough for the federal government to keep a potentially life-saving drug away from Chloe. Chloe died without receiving CBD. This should never have happened. We must ensure that this never happens again. Just as our children deserve to be treated compassionately, so, too, do our veterans. Federal law currently prohibits VA doctors from prescribing medical marijuana when they feel it is medically beneficial. Our veterans de-serve the best medical advice from their doc-tors, not arbitrary limits on what their doctors can do to help them. Veterans are tough. They can handle frank advice from their doc-tors. I want to thank my colleague DONYOUNG of Alaska for his partnership on this bill as well as Senators C
ORY BOOKER , KIRSTEN GILLI-
BRAND , RAND PAUL, M IKELEE, ALFRANKEN  and L
ISAMURKOWSKI for their leadership on this legislation. I urge both the House and Senate to pass this swiftly. 
f 
ANNASELIA SAMORA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Annaselia Samora for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Annaselia Samora is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Annaselia Samora is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Annaselia Samora for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
MISSOURI CITY TEACHER PARTICIPATES IN PBS PROGRAM 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Krissy Venosdale of Missouri City, TX, for being selected as a participant in the 2017 PBS Digital Innovators Program. Krissy, who serves as the Kinkaid School’s lower school innovation coordinator, was rec-ognized for developing the ‘‘Launch Pad’’ at her school. The ‘‘Launch Pad’’ is a space for students to expand their horizons in both a creative and technological fashion, using a blend of bright colors and high-tech tools to help students practice out-of-the-box methods. Out of the 52 participants selected, Krissy is the only educator from TX to participate in the PBS Digital Innovators Program. As part of this program, Krissy will have access to ongo-ing professional development, share her ideas on PBS platforms, utilize the PBS LearningMedia resources and attend the 2017 PBS Digital Summit this summer. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Krissy Venosdale for being selected as a participant in the 2017 PBS Digital Innovators Program. We are extremely proud and are looking forward to her future innovative edu-cational platforms. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. WALTER R. BOYNTON 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career and contributions to Maryland’s Fifth District of estuarine ecologist Dr. Walter R. Boynton of St. Leonard, Mary-land, on the occasion of his retirement. A native of Massachusetts, Dr. Boynton first came to Maryland and encountered the majes-tic waters of the Chesapeake Bay, something which would become the focus of his scientific studies for the remainder of his career, in 1969 as a summer student at the Chesapeake Biological Laboratory (CBL) in Solomons, Maryland. Following the receipt of his Ph.D. in ecology from the University of Florida, Dr. Boynton returned to CBL in 1975 as a young professor. At that time his research focused on the decline of submerged aquatic vegeta-tion. He recognized that these declines were related to increases in nutrients flowing into the Chesapeake that caused an over-abun-dance of single-celled algae, which reduced the clarity of the water and ultimately led to deeper portions of the Bay becoming devoid of oxygen. Dr. Boynton was part of a team of CBL researchers, including Chris D’Elia, Jim Sanderson, and Don Heinle, that redefined what we know about nutrient dynamics and how they bring about eutrophication—or the overabundance of plant life at the expense of animal life in bodies of water. A long-standing relationship, forged on the softball diamond, between CBL researchers and the local community led to a close work-ing partnership and deep personal friendship between Dr. Boynton and then-State Senator Bernie Fowler, who remains a close friend of mine. It was Senator Fowler who led efforts in federal court to force regional jurisdictions to adhere to the Clean Water Act. Former Sen-ator Fowler credits Dr. Boynton with deep-ening his own understanding of the ecology of the Bay and the Patuxent River, allowing him to become an effective advocate and well-re-spected citizen-scientist, bringing attention to the restoration of the Chesapeake Bay. On June 11, I joined former Senator Fowler for his annual ‘‘wade-in’’ to check the clarity of the Patuxent River and learned of Dr. Boynton’s upcoming retirement. In addition to an internationally respected research career, Dr. Boynton has been a high-ly effective educator, teaching generations of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.017 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE835 June 15, 2017 
graduate students. CBL Director Thomas Mil-ler credits Dr. Boynton’s success to his con-tagious enthusiasm for his work. He called him ‘‘a gifted, passionate, and supportive educa-tor’’ and ‘‘an amazing teacher and advisor.’’ Director Miller further noted that his ‘‘largest and most long lasting impact will be the gen-eration of young minds that he has touched and impacted over his career.’’ Dr. Boynton is a two-time recipient of the Distinguished Service Award from the Coastal & Estuarine Research Federation. He received its Odum Award for lifetime achievement (with UMCES colleague W. M. Kemp), and served as its President. In 2015, Dr. Boynton was named an Admiral of the Chesapeake for his work toward greater understanding of the Chesapeake Bay and its restoration by then- Governor Martin O’Malley. In the following year, he received the Mathias Medal from the Maryland Sea Grant College, the Virginia Sea Grant, and the Chesapeake Research Consor-tium-the highest regional recognition in envi-ronmental sciences. This year Dr. Boynton was awarded the Ruth Patrick Award from the American Society of Limnology and Oceanog-raphy. Dr. Boynton’s legacy spans areas beyond academia. He has worked closely with the Maryland/DC Chapter of the Nature Conser-vancy and served as a member of the Calvert County Planning and Zoning Committee for many years. He and his wife Mary-Ellen also host a shelter for Calvert County’s homeless each spring. I join Dr. Boynton’s colleagues at CBL and with members of the community in Maryland’s Fifth District to congratulate him on his impactful and distinguished career. I thank him for his service to our state, to our country, and all those who live by and rely on the Chesa-peake Bay and its watershed, and I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
ANGELINA SALAZAR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Angelina Salazar for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Angelina Salazar is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Angelina Salazar is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Angelina Salazar for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. FLAG DAY WEAVES THE NATION TOGETHER HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, this week we celebrate the 101 years after President Wilson proclaimed June 14th Flag Day, forever weav-ing together two Illinois families. The day created to recognize the national importance of that star spangled banner fol-lowed a years-long campaign by Batavia teacher Dr. Bernard Cigrand. Our flag’s woven seams connect more than stitches of red, white and blue, however. On that fateful 1916 day, the daughter of the ‘‘Father of Flag Day’’ happened to share a seventh-grade classroom with a young Marion Moon. 53 years later, Marion Moon Aldrin’s intrepid son planted the first American flag-or any flag, for that matter-on the surface of the Moon. Pioneering the reaches of space and armed with the American symbol of national identify, Buzz Aldrin lived up to his mother’s maiden name, and honored the legacy of the Cigrand family. One Illinois city, two families and our entire nation have been woven together by Flag Day. May the red, white and blue forever be a beautiful reminder of the great spirit of our na-tion. 
f 
HONORING DR. ALICE CHEN FOR HER ADVOCACY EFFORTS AND EXEMPLARY CONTRIBUTIONS TO PUBLIC HEALTH 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate and recognize the extraordinary con-tributions Dr. Alice Chen has made to the health and well-being of all Americans as Ex-ecutive Director of Doctors for America. Throughout her career, she has been an ex-emplary physician, taking on her medical vo-cation with a sense of duty and strength of character that is needed to accomplish such a noble calling. As a medical student at Weill Cornell Med-ical College of Cornell University, Dr. Chen volunteered for the American Red Cross and provided assistance to the director of the larg-est service center after September 11, 2001. Dr. Chen also shared her passion for medicine as the co-director of Big Buddies, a mentorship program that connected Cornell medical students with underserved youth. Dr. Chen earned her M.D. in 2005 and com-pleted her internal medicine residency at UCLA in 2008. She then joined the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA as an Ad-junct Assistant Clinical Professor, and became the co-director of the Resident Elective in Ma-lawi, Africa for the UCLA Department of Medi-cine and Program in Global Health. In 2009, she joined Doctors for America, a coalition of physicians and medical students who have joined together to advocate for the improvement of our health care system. Her dedication and advocacy efforts for health re-form led her to become the Executive Director from 2011 to 2017. Since then, Dr. Chen has strived to address gun violence prevention as a public health issue, advocate for affordable health coverage and prescription drugs, pro-tect women’s reproductive rights, and battle against racial disparities in access to health care. Today, I am elated to honor her stellar achievements, and I am honored to call her my friend. She is truly an inspiration. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize and honor Dr. Alice Chen. On behalf of California’s 36th Congressional District, it is with deepest respect that I commend her for a remarkable career dedicated to health advocacy. I wish her and her husband Vivek all my best in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT (SGT) TERRANCE DELAN LEE, SR. 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant (SGT) Terrance Delan Lee Sr. who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on June 11, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Free-dom. SGT Lee was killed when his armored personnel carrier was hit by an improvised ex-plosive device in Owesat Village, Iraq. Staff Sergeant (SSG) Larry Richard Arnold Sr. was also killed. SGT Lee was assigned to the 150th Com-bat Engineer Battalion, 155th Brigade Combat Team, Mississippi Army National Guard, Lucedale, Mississippi. The 150th is part of the 155th Brigade Combat Team which is known as ‘‘Dixie Thunder’’. SGT Lee joined the Mis-sissippi Army National Guard in 2003. According to the Associated Press, 250 people gathered for SGT Lee’s funeral at First Missionary Baptist Church. Reverend James E. Powell of Solomon Temple AME Zion Church in Moss Point was his pastor. In the eulogy, Rev. Powell quoted Psalm 23 which describes God as a shepherd and man as the flock. Rev. Powell said that SGT Lee under-stood what that meant and that he knew Jesus Christ was his personal savior. SGT Lee is survived by his parents, Dedrick and Dinah Lee; siblings, LaDarrius Lee and Demetrice Jones; and children, Terrence Jun-ior, Ra’Mone, and Marchelle Elyse Lee. SGT Lee’s sacrifice for our freedoms will al-ways be remembered. 
f 
AUZRIELL SCHICKER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Auzriell Schicker for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.020 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE836 June 15, 2017 
Auzriell Schicker is a student at Oberon Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Auzriell Schicker is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Auzriell Schicker for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING RODERICK OLSON 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize and honor a man who served California’s Central Coast and the United States as a Ma-rine and a public servant. Roderick Olson, a proud veteran of the Vietnam War from Santa Cruz, California passed away but left a legacy in place for LGBT Californians and service members. Roderick Olson arrived in Santa Cruz in 1997 after serving in Vietnam. During his time in Santa Cruz, he dedicated his time to serv-ing the community, especially his brothers and sisters in the LGBT community. He joined the Board of Directors of the Santa Cruz AIDS project, focused on a community-based re-sponse towards reducing the HIV/AIDS epi-demic. Roderick also served as a coordinator at the Santa Cruz Diversity Center, a member of the Pride Committee, the Program Committee and the Executive Committee. Further, he focused his time on protecting individuals from domes-tic violence and founded the 60 Plus program to support LGBT seniors. Additionally, he established the first gay vet-erans group in the Santa Cruz region dedi-cated towards supporting LGBT service mem-bers. Roderick dedicated his life towards as-sisting LGBT veterans prior to the repeal of Don’t Ask Don’t Tell, helping future LGBT service members serve openly. Mr. Olson passed late last year and will be interred with military honors this week at the California Central Coast Veterans Cemetery. However, his life and dedication to the Central Coast will not be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the life of Roderick Olson. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on June 13, 2017, I inadvertently voted Nay on Roll Call No. 307 (On Passage of S. 1094, the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017). My intention was to vote Yea. KATY POLICE OFFICER NAMED MISS TEXAS HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Shannon Dresser of Katy for win-ning the Miss Texas 2017 title. Shannon has been competing in pageants since she was 12 years-old, and has com-peted in 15 overall. As Miss Texas, Shannon has partnered with the Teen and Police Serv-ices Academy, to help with their mentoring program to reduce the social gap between po-lice officers and at risk youth. This organiza-tion is important to Shannon as she is a police officer for the Katy Independent School Dis-trict. Being a fourth generation police officer, Shannon continues to take steps to help and motivate people. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Shannon Dresser for being named Miss Texas. Her work to encourage and motivate kids, while keeping our community safe is an inspiration. Great work. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL ABRAHAM S. CONN 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Colonel Abraham S. Conn on his retirement. COL Abraham S. Conn was commissioned through the ROTC at Canisius College located in Buffalo, NY, in May 1987, where he first entered the United States Army. COL Conn is a graduate of State University of New York at Buffalo State College and holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Crimi-nal Justice. COL Conn also holds a Masters in Strategic Studies and is a graduate of the U.S. Army War College, Class of 2010, located in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. COL Conn was originally branched as a Military Intelligence Officer. He has attended the Military Intelligence Officer Basic Course, the Quartermaster Officer Advance Course, the Air Defense Officer Transition Course, the Command and General Staff College, and the Pre-Command Courses. COL Conn has either Commanded or held duty positions at the Platoon, Company, Bat-talion, Brigade, Division, Corps, and Joint-Staff levels. COL Conn has completed three, 1-year deployments to Afghanistan, of Operations En-during Freedom. Some of COL Conn’s awards include the Bronze Star Medal 2nd Award, the Meritorious Service 2nd Award Medal, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, the Army Commenda-tion Medal 2nd Award, the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Reserve Component Achievement Medal 5th Award, the National Defense Service Medal 2nd Award, the Af-ghanistan Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal, the Army Service Rib-bon, the Army Overseas Service ribbon, the Army Reserve Component Overseas Training Ribbon 3rd Award, the NATO Medal for Serv-ice in Afghanistan 2nd Award, the Florida Cross, the Florida State Distinguished Service Medal, the Florida State Commendation Medal, the Florida State Active Duty Ribbon, the New York Long and Faithful Service Medal, the New York State Counter-Drug Service Medal and the Mississippi Emergency Service Medal. COL Conn is also the recipient of the Joint Meritorious Unit Commendation, the Meri-torious Unit Commendation, and the Florida Governors Meritorious Unit 3rd Award. COL Conn recently completed Command of the 930th Digital Liaison Team in Homestead, located in Florida’s 26th Congressional Dis-trict. COL Conn is currently assigned to JIATF-S as a Reserve Officer, in the Policy and Plans Directorate. COL Conn is also cur-rently employed in his civilian capacity, as a Special Agent for the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration, in Key West, Florida—also lo-cated in the 26th District. COL Conn resides with his wife Mindy in Key West, Florida. They have two children, Emily and Joshua. It is an honor for me to recognize a man who has served our country with such distinc-tion. f 
U.S. ARMY 1ST ARMORED BRIGADE COMBAT TEAM, 1ST INFANTRY DIVISION 
HON. ROGER W. MARSHALL 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, more than 3,000 soldiers with the Army’s 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division are headed home to Fort Riley this month after a nine-month deployment in South Korea. Also, known as the ‘‘Devil’’ brigade, these soldiers have been stationed in South Korea since October of last year. During their deploy-ment, these American soldiers have trained closely with their South Korean partners, de-terring North Korean hostility and providing se-curity in the Korean peninsula. Their service is invaluable. These Soldiers and families sacrifice greatly during deployment. As the ‘‘Devil’’ brigade be-gins their journey back to Fort Riley, may I be the first to thank them for their service and say, ‘‘welcome home.’’ 
f 
HONORING DR. VIVEK MURTHY FOR HIS INVALUABLE WORK AND DEDICATION AS THE 19TH U.S. SURGEON GENERAL 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the outstanding service and accom-plishments of Dr. Vivek Murthy, who served as Surgeon General from 2014 to 2017. His dedi-cation to protecting the public health of our na-tion is an inspiration for us all. The lives of mil-lions of Americans across the country are bet-ter because of his public service. Throughout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15JN8.018 E15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE837 June 15, 2017 
his career, Dr. Murthy has served with humility and passion, and I want to recognize his life-long advocacy for all Americans. Dr. Vivek Murthy’s social entrepreneurship started as a freshman at Harvard University, when he co-founded the non-profit VISIONS Worldwide to educate people on HIV/AIDS issues in the U.S. and India. Upon graduating Magna Cum Laude from Harvard in 1997, he formed Swasthya Community Health Partner-ship with the mission to train women to pro-vide health care in rural areas in India. In 2003, Dr. Murthy graduated from Yale University receiving both an M.D. and an M.B.A. in Health Care Management. He com-pleted his internal medicine residency at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Harvard Med-ical School in 2006, where he continued to work as an attending physician and an instruc-tor of medicine. In 2009, he co-founded Doc-tors for America (DFA), a coalition of physi-cians and medical students who have joined together to advocate for the improvement of our health care system. He served as presi-dent of DFA until his confirmation as U.S. Sur-geon General in 2014. Becoming the first Surgeon General of In-dian descent is truly a historic achievement. His department released the first Surgeon General’s Report on Alcohol, Drugs, and Health; promoted prevention and treatment of opioid epidemic; started a national conversa-tion on healthy eating habits and food insecu-rity; and emphasized the importance of vac-cines. Under his leadership, his department assisted Americans during the Flint water cri-sis, hurricanes, and the Ebola and Zika out-breaks. I am proud to honor his extraordinary accomplishments as Surgeon General. His distinguished career is an example of what can be achieved through hard work, dedica-tion, and service. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Dr. Vivek Murthy and honored to call him my friend. On behalf of California’s 36th Congres-sional District, I congratulate him for his ex-ceptional commitment to public service and look forward to the significant contributions he will continue to make in service of others. I wish him and his wife Alice all my best in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER STAFF SERGEANT (SSG) LARRY RICH-ARD ARNOLD, SR. 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to rise today in memory of Army Staff Sergeant (SSG) Larry Richard Arnold, Sr. who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on June 11, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SSG Arnold was killed when his armored personnel carrier was hit by an improvised explosive device in Owesat Village, Iraq. Sergeant (SGT) Terrance D. Lee, Sr. was also killed. SSG Arnold was assigned to the 150th Combat Engineer Battalion, 155th Brigade Combat Team, Mississippi Army National Guard, Lucedale, Mississippi. According to the Associated Press article, 200 people packed a Baptist church where the funeral service was held. Reverend Donnie Boutwell, pastor of Lee’s Chapel No. 1 Baptist Church in Carriere, spoke about SSG Arnold’s service. ‘‘This is not a final respect for this man,’’ Rev. Boutwell said. ‘‘For every time a young child stands in the schoolroom and covers his heart and pledges allegiance to the flag, we continue to show our respect for him. Every time we stand at a ballgame and ‘The Star Spangled Banner’ is played, we continue to show our respect for Larry and all the other soldiers.’’ Mississippi Army National Guard Brigadier General (BG) Ben Gaston also offered his thoughts during the funeral service. ‘‘He could have easily walked away and said, ‘I’ve done that. I’ve done my time,’ ’’ said BG Gaston. ‘‘Larry didn’t do that. He was a mature NCO the younger soldiers looked up to.’’ During the service, BG Gaston presented SSG Arnold’s family with the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and the Mississippi Medal of Valor. SSG Arnold is buried at Mill Creek Cemetery in Pearl River County. SSG Arnold is survived by his mother, Betty Mackey; his wife, Melinda; sons; Larry, Rob-ert, and Howard Arnold; siblings Garry Arnold, Peggy Alford, Beverly Hicks, Janet Brandes, Joann Arnold, and Debbie Arnold; and grand-children Anthony and Heather Arnold. SSG Arnold died while fighting to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. 
f 
SUGAR LAND NURSE NAMED TOP 10 NURSE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 15, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chung-Win (Joy) Fey of Houston, TX, for being named one of the Houston Chronicle’s ‘‘Top 10 Nurses’’ of 2017. Joy, a nurse at Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital, spends time with her patients and their families listening to their concerns, offering them a shoulder to cry on and praying with them. Her colleagues have described her as often going out of her way to provide com-fort for those she’s caring for. In 2016, Joy won Houston Methodist System’s Quality and Patient Safety Everyday Award, and was nom-inated for this award by three people. After 37 years of being a nurse, it’s clear that Joy is an extraordinary, compassionate, enthusiastic and caring individual. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Joy for being named one of the Houston Chronicle’s ‘‘Top 10 Nurses’’ of 2017. We’re proud to have such an exemplarily nurse car-ing for patients in TX-22. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15JN8.027 E15JNPT1
D659 Thursday, June 15, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3505–S3566 Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1361–1376, and S. Res. 191–194.
                                               Pages S3554–55 
Measures Reported: S. 304, to amend the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs. (S. Rept. No. 115–112) S. 346, to provide for the establishment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–113) 
                                                                                            Page S3554 
Measures Passed: Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act: By 98 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 147), Senate passed S. 722, to Provide Congressional Review and to Counter Iranian and Russian Governments’ Aggres-sion, after agreeing to the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto:
   Pages S3513–28 
Adopted: By 94 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 145), Gardner Modified Amendment No. 250, to provide an excep-tion for activities of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
                                             Page S3512 
By a unanimous vote of 100 yeas (Vote No. 146), Corker (for Graham) Amendment No. 240, to reaf-firm the strategic importance of Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty to the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and its con-tribution to maintaining stability throughout the world.
                                                                      Pages S3512–13 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 255, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S3528 PROTECT Our Children Act: Senate passed S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program. 
                                                                                    Pages S3547–48 
American Eagle Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 191, designating June 20, 2017, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and celebrating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States.
                                                                              Page S3560 
Congratulating the Golden State Warriors: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 192, congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their historic championship vic-tory in the 2017 National Basketball Association Finals.
                                                                              Page S3560 
Commending the bravery of the United States Capitol Police, the Police Department of Alexan-dria, Virginia, and all first responders: Senate agreed to S. Res. 193, commending the bravery of the United States Capitol Police, the Police Depart-ment of Alexandria, Virginia, and all first responders who protected Members of Congress, their staff, and others during the shooting on June 14, 2017, at Eu-gene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neigh-borhood of Alexandria, Virginia.
               Pages S3560–61 
Long Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous-con-sent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, June 19, 2017, Senate begin con-sideration of the nomination of Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security; that there be 30 minutes of de-bate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate.
             Page S3528 
Mandelker Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes.
                                              Page S3528 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD660 June 15, 2017 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, June 20, 2017.
                                                                       Page S3528 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S3528 
Billingslea Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, Department of the Treasury. 
                                                                                            Page S3528 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes.
                                                                            Page S3528 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S3528 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S3528 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense. Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015. Jeffrey Gerrish, of Maryland, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Industrial Competitiveness), with the rank of Ambassador. Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services. Kelly Knight Craft, of Kentucky, to be Ambas-sador to Canada. Sharon Day, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica. Kathleen Troia McFarland, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore. Nathan Alexander Sales, of Ohio, to be Coordi-nator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and status of Ambassador at Large. Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Sec-retary of State (Management). Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, Department of Health and Human Services. D. Michael Dunavant, of Tennessee, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Ten-nessee for the term of four years. Louis V. Franklin, Sr., of Alabama, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Alabama for the term of four years. Justin E. Herdman, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio for the term of four years. John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States At-torney for the District of Utah for the term of four years. Jessie K. Liu, of Virginia, to be United States At-torney for the District of Columbia for the term of four years. Richard W. Moore, of Alabama, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama for the term of four years. John E. Town, of Alabama, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama for the term of four years. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 10 Army nominations in the rank of general. 4 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy.                                                                                     Pages S3562–66 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3554 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S3554 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3554 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3555–56 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3556–60 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3552–54 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S3560 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3560 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—147)
                                                        Pages S3512–13 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:41 p.m., until 4 p.m. on Monday, June 19, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3562.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
THE FARM BILL Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine agricultural research, focusing on perspectives on past and future 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D661 June 15, 2017 
successes for the 2018 Farm Bill, after receiving tes-timony from Ann Bartuska, Acting Chief Scientist and Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, Sonny Ramaswamy, Director, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, and Chavonda Ja-cobs-Young, Administrator, Agricultural Research Service, all of the Department of Agriculture; Sally Rockey, Foundation for Food and Agriculture Re-search, Washington, D.C.; John Floros, Kansas State University, Manhattan; Gary McMurray, Georgia Tech Research Institute, Atlanta; Kerry E. Hartman, Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish College, and the American Indian Higher Education Consortium, New Town, North Dakota; and Steve Wellman, Wellman Farms, Inc., Syracuse, Nebraska. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Health and Human Services, after receiving testi-mony from Thomas Price, Secretary of Health and Human Services. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years De-fense Program, after receiving testimony from Sean J. Stackley, Acting Secretary of the Navy, Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, Chief of Naval Oper-ations, and General Robert B. Neller, USMC, Com-mandant of the Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. ECONOMIC GROWTH Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine fostering economic growth, focusing on midsized, regional, and large institution perspective, including S. 1002, to enhance the ability of community financial insti-tutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase indi-vidual savings, after receiving testimony from Harris H. Simmons, Zions Bancorporation, Salt Lake City, Utah; Greg Baer, The Clearing House Association, Chevy Chase, Maryland; Robert R. Hill, Jr., Mid- Size Bank Coalition of America, Columbia, South Carolina; and Saule T. Omarova, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York. FOREST SERVICE BUDGET Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, and Sheri Elliott, Acting Director, Office of Strategic Planning, Budget and Account-ability, both of the Forest Service, Department of Agriculture. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Kristine L. Svinicki, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Mark An-drew Green, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Baldwin and Johnson, and Representative Paul Ryan, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. OMB AND THE FEDERAL WORKFORCE Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine agency approaches to reorganization, focusing on the Office of Management and Budget’s memorandum on the Federal workforce, after receiving testimony from Ellen Herbst, Chief Financial Officer and As-sistant Secretary of Commerce for Administration; Lee J. Lofthus, Assistant Attorney General for Ad-ministration, Department of Justice; Donald K. Bice, Associate Director, Office of Budget and Program Analysis and Senior Accountable Official for Reform, Department of Agriculture; and Michael Stough, Di-rector, Program Analysis and Evaluation, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Department of Home-land Security. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of David C. Nye, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, Scott L. Palk, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD662 June 15, 2017 
VETERANS AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 75, to provide for the recon-sideration of claims for disability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experiments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on people, S. 111, to require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process to determine wheth-er individuals claiming certain service in the Phil-ippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, S. 410, to amend title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the transfer of unused Post-9/11 Educational Assistance benefits to additional dependents upon the death of the originally designated dependent, S. 473, the amend title 38, United States Code, to make qualification requirements for entitlement to Post-9/11 Education Assistance more equitable, to improve support of veterans receiving such edu-cational assistance, S. 758, to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry’s review and publication of illness and conditions relating to vet-erans stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and their family members, S. 798, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the Yellow Rib-bon G.I. Education Enhancement Program to apply to individuals pursuing programs of education while on active duty, to recipients of the Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and to pro-grams of education pursued on half-time basis or less, S. 844, to amend title 38, United States Code, to consider certain time spent by members of reserve components of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Secretary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance, S. 882, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the entitlement to educational assistance under the Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs for members of the Armed Forces awarded the Purple Heart, S. 1192, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for pro-rated charges to entitlement to educational assistance under Department of Veterans Affairs Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program for certain licensure and certification tests and national tests, S. 1209, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amount of special pension for Medal of Honor recipi-ents, S. 1218, to promote Federal employment for veterans, S. 1277, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a high technology edu-cation pilot program, and S. 1330, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize a dependent to transfer entitlement to Post-9/11 Education Assist-ance in cases in which the dependent received the transfer of such entitlement to assistance from an in-dividual who subsequently died, after receiving testi-mony from Senator McCaskill; Curtis Coy, Deputy Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Economic Opportunity, Veterans Benefits Administration; and William Hubbard, Student Veterans of America, John Kamin, The American Legion, Patrick Murray, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and Brigadier General Roy Robinson, (Ret.), National Guard Association of the United States, all of Wash-ington, D.C. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2901–2929; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 385–389 were introduced.
                 Pages H4936–39 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4939–40 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1393, to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States (H. Rept. 115–180); H.R. 2188, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant pro-gram, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–181); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D663 June 15, 2017 
H.R. 625, to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding incidents of terrorism, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–182).
                                   Page H4936 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harper to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4919 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:35 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4922 
Veterans Equal Treatment Ensures Relief and Access Now Act: The House passed H.R. 2372, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the rules relating to veteran health insurance and eli-gibility for the premium tax credit, by voice vote. 
                                                                                    Pages H4924–29 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H4925 
H. Res. 379, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2372) and (H.R. 2579) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was or-dered without objection.
                                        Page H4925 
Broader Options for Americans Act: The House passed H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage, by a yea-and-nay vote of 267 yeas to 144 nays, Roll No. 308.
                                          Pages H4924–31 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H4924 
H. Res. 379, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2372) and (H.R. 2579) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was or-dered without objection.
                                        Page H4924 
Expressing gratitude for the heroic actions of the United States Capitol Police and other first re-sponders in the attack on Members of Congress on June 14, 2017, and expressing hope for a full recovery for the injured: The House agreed to H. Res. 385, expressing gratitude for the heroic actions of the United States Capitol Police and other first responders in the attack on Members of Congress on June 14, 2017, and expressing hope for a full recov-ery for the injured.
                                                   Page H4931 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Doggett, may be recognized on the legislative day of Wednesday, June 21, 2017, to offer the resolution that he noticed on Tuesday, June 13, 2017, without further notice under clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX. 
                                                                                            Page H4932 Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. tomorrow, June 16th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 20th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H4932 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4924. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H4930–31. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 2:26 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a budget hearing on the Department of De-fense. Testimony was heard from James N. Mattis, Secretary, Department of Defense; and General Jo-seph Dunford, U.S. Marine Corps, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the De-partment of Transportation. Testimony was heard from Elaine Chao, Secretary, Department of Trans-portation. APPROPRIATIONS—ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Environmental Protection Agency. Testimony was heard from Scott Pruitt, Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency; and Holly Greaves, Senior Advisor to the Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the FY 2018 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill, and the Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2018. The bill was ordered reported, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD664 June 15, 2017 
HELPING AMERICANS GET BACK TO WORK: IMPLEMENTATION OF THE WORKFORCE INNOVATION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Helping Ameri-cans Get Back to Work: Implementation of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act’’. Testi-mony was heard from Michelle Paczynski, Deputy Assistant Executive Director, Workforce and Eco-nomic Development, South Carolina Department of Employment and Workforce; Louis Dubin, Board Chair, Workforce Development Board, State of Maryland; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a markup on H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017’’; legislation on the Brownfields Enhancement, Eco-nomic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017; and legislation on the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. H.R. 806, the Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelop-ment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017; and the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017 were forwarded to full committee, without amend-ment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 2868, the ‘‘National Flood Insur-ance Program Policyholder Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2874, the ‘‘21st Century Flood Reform Act of 2917’’; H.R. 1422, the ‘‘Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act’’; H.R. 1558, the ‘‘Re-peatedly Flooded Communities Preparation Act’’; H.R. 2246, the ‘‘Taxpayer Exposure Mitigation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2565, to require the use of replace-ment cost value in determining the premium rates for flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Act, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2875, the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Administrative Reform Act of 2017’’. FOREIGN MILITARY SALES: PROCESS AND POLICY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Foreign Military Sales: Process and Policy’’. Testimony was heard from Tina S. Kaidanow, Act-ing Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State; and Vice Admiral Jo-seph Rixey, Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a markup on H.R. 1415, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’. H.R. 1415 was forwarded to full committee, without amendment. AFRICA’S CURRENT AND POTENTIAL FAMINES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Afri-ca’s Current and Potential Famines’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. RUSSIA’S STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Russia’s Strategic Objectives in the Middle East and North Africa’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a markup on H. Res. 311, to recognize that for 50 years the Association of South East Asian Nations has worked toward stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia; H.R. 535, the ‘‘Taiwan Travel Act’’; H.R. 2061, the ‘‘North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2397, the ‘‘Distribution and Pro-motion of Rights and Knowledge Act of 2017’’. H. Res. 311 and H.R. 2061 were forwarded to full committee, as amended. H.R. 535 and H.R. 2397 were forwarded to full committee, without amend-ment. RENEWING ASSURANCES: STRENGTHENING U.S.-TAIWAN TIES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Renewing Assurances: Strengthening U.S.-Taiwan Ties’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. DATA STORED ABROAD: ENSURING LAWFUL ACCESS AND PRIVACY PROTECTION IN THE DIGITAL ERA Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Data Stored Abroad: Ensuring Lawful Access and Privacy Protection in the Digital Era’’. Testimony was heard from Richard Downing, Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, Department of Justice; Richard Littlehale, Special Agent in Charge, Technical Services Unit, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D665 June 15, 2017 
Tennessee Bureau of Investigation; and public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on legislation to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to over-grown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other pur-poses. Testimony was heard from Tim Freeman, Commissioner, Douglas County Board of Commis-sioners, Oregon; and public witnesses. BOLSTERING THE GOVERNMENT’S CYBERSECURITY: LESSONS LEARNED FROM WANNACRY Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering the Government’s Cybersecurity: Lessons Learned from WannaCry’’. Testimony was heard from Charles H. Romine, Director, Information Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2763, the ‘‘Small Business Innova-tion Research and Small Business Technology Trans-fer Improvements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2594, the ‘‘Small Business Payment for Performance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2333, the ‘‘Small Business Investment Opportunity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2364, the ‘‘Invest-ing in Main Street Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2056, the ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2017’’. H.R. 2763, H.R. 2594, H.R. 2333, and H.R. 2056 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 2364 was or-dered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1551, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for produc-tion from advanced nuclear power facilities; and H.R. 2842, the ‘‘Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act’’. H.R. 1551 and H.R. 2842 were or-dered reported, as amendment. ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES: FY 18 BUDGET REQUEST Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing In-telligence Activities: FY 18 Budget Request’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D636) 
H.R. 657, to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited per-sonnel practices. Signed on June 14, 2017. (Public Law 115–40) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD666 June 15, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, June 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Friday, June 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 9:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E827, E828 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E827 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E827 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E834 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E836 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E831, E833 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E833 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E828 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E828 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E829 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E832 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E834 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E835 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E835, E837 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E830 Marshall, Roger W., Kans., E836 Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E830 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E832 Olson, Pete, Tex., E832, E834, E836, E837 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E831 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E836 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E830, E830, E831, E831, E832, E833, E833, E834, E835, E835 Poe, Ted, Tex., E832 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E836 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E835, E836 Sarbanes, John P., Md., E828 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E829 Tenney, Claudia, N.Y., E830 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E830 Valadao, David G., Calif., E827 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E828 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E833 Young, David, Iowa, E831 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15JN7.REC D15JNPT1