Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4201 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 2017 No. 84 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 16, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable E
ARL L. C
ARTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, all across America over the last 2 or 3 weeks has been an exciting time for a lot of young Americans and families as graduating seniors in 4-year programs and 2-year programs are receiving their degrees and beginning, obviously, a new, exciting stage in their life. Unfortunately, there is still, though, a cloud over a lot of those folks in terms of what they face in the near fu-ture and the long-term future and many others who graduated in recent years, which is the high cost of student loan debt. The Federal Reserve has cal-culated that over $1 trillion of over-hang exists in the U.S. economy be-cause of student loan debt: an amount greater than credit card debt, an amount greater than auto debt, and at rates that far exceed any of those forms of consumer debt, including mortgages for homes. The Federal Government, in the meantime, is out selling bonds as a borrower to people who buy Treasury bonds, 10-year notes. This morning’s rate, which I checked before coming down here, the rate that the Federal Government is going to pay as bor-rower, is 2.3 percent. Well, as many, I think, listening here, Mr. Speaker, know, the fact is that student loans carry much higher rates of interest, particularly legacy debt that goes back 5, 6 years ago when, again, the rates for Stafford student loans, which are the publicly financed loans through the Federal Government, and certainly pri-vate loans that banks give to students that are on an unsecured rate can sometimes exceed 8, 9, 10 percent. So tomorrow, I and many others are going to be introducing legislation called the Bank on Students Emer-gency Loan Refinancing Act, which will allow folks who carry the student loan debt not to get their debt for-given, but to allow them to actually re-finance down to 3.76 percent, which was the interest rate last year that the Federal Government offered for Staf-ford student loans. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that that will put about $50 bil-lion into the pockets of young people all across the country who, because of student loan debt, are being inhibited in terms of getting married, starting a family, starting a business, and getting out of their parents’ house. There is just all kinds of, I think, inhibitors that student loan debt creates for young people, millennials, all across the country. Again, I want to emphasize the bill that I will be introducing tomorrow with 61 cosponsors is not debt forgive-ness. It just simply does what any mid-dle class family does in a low-interest rate environment, whether it is with a home mortgage or credit cards, to just simply get their rates down to a pro-portionate level with, again, the rest of consumer debt that is out there in the economy. Simultaneously tomorrow, Senator ELIZABETH WARREN from Massachu-setts will be introducing exactly the same bill, so we will have bills in the House and in the Senate. Last year we had 182 cosponsors on a similar piece of legislation. Unfortunately, the Speaker never allowed the bill to be brought to the floor for debate. But it is a new Congress; it is the 115th Congress that was sworn in last January. This problem, I will just submit, Mr. Speaker, exists in Republican districts and Democratic districts, rural dis-tricts, suburban districts, urban dis-tricts. This is an opportunity to lift a debt burden from, again, the very folks that we really want to assist and help as they begin a new phase, a new chap-ter, in their life, and they should not have the albatross of high student loan rates hung around their neck. Hope-fully, this will be the year that we will move forward on this measure, which is fully paid for—it does not add to the Federal debt—and just, again, allows young people and families the oppor-tunity to do what they do with all other forms of consumer debt. So it is the Bank on Students Emer-gency Loan Refinancing Act. Hope-fully, anyone listening to this will call their Members to tell them to get on this bill. And I would urge, Mr. Speak-er, all of us on both sides of the aisle to deal with an issue that really is a bread-and-butter, kitchen-table issue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.000 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4202 May 16, 2017 
all across America, that, again, at this special time when students are grad-uating, we can do a really positive thing to help students and families all across America. 
f 
FUTURE OF U.S. INVOLVEMENT IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, after 16 years, $800 billion, over 2,000 Americans killed, and 20,000 Americans severely wounded in Afghanistan, it is time that the House of Representatives has a de-bate on our future involvement in Af-ghanistan. Mr. Speaker, let me remind you again: We have been there 16 years, and nothing has changed at all. H.R. 1666 is a bill introduced by J
OHN G
ARAMENDI from California and me. All this bill does is to say that the House of Representatives, after 16 years, will have a debate on the future involve-ment of our country in Afghanistan. Obviously, Members of Congress can vote for this bill or against this bill. We are just saying that, after 16 years, it is time for the Congress to meet its constitutional responsibility and to have a debate on the future of America. We owe this to our military. We owe it to the taxpayers of this country. Mr. Speaker, we have 300 Members of Congress today that were not here in 2001. 2001 was the last time we had a de-bate on this floor of the House, a mean-ingful debate, on the future of Afghani-stan. In fact, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Kulack, now re-tired, has been one of the biggest sup-porters of mine in saying that it is time for the American people to put pressure on their Member of Congress to say debate the future of Afghanistan and maybe to put pressure on our Con-gress to say it is time to come home from Afghanistan. I have Camp Lejeune Marine Base in the Third District of North Carolina, which I have the privilege to represent. I have talked to many, many marines who have been to Afghanistan, and, Mr. Speaker, almost every one of them will tell you: Nothing is going to change. Many of those marines I am talking about, Mr. Speaker, have been there three, four, and five times. Mr. Speaker, Afghanistan is known as the graveyard of empires. Why in the world are we continuing to spend our money, but, more importantly, our young men and women, over in a coun-try that will never change no matter what you do? It is a tribal nation. It is a nation that will never change. That is why I hope my colleagues in Congress will join J
OHNGARAMENDI and me in H.R. 1666 that only asks the Speaker of the House, P
AUL RYAN, to let us have this debate on the floor of the House. After 16 years, we owe it to the military, and we owe it to the tax-payers to say that we are listening to the taxpayers and our military. Let’s debate the future of America in Af-ghanistan. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to ask God to please bless our men and women in uniform, to please bless the families of our men and women in uniform, to ask God in His arms to hold the fami-lies who have given a child dying for freedom in Afghanistan and Iraq. I ask God to please bless the House and wake the House up that we will debate the future of Afghanistan. And I will ask three times, God, please, God, please, God, please, bless America. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Bruce Hargrave, Bruce Hargrave Ministries and Charities, Rowlett, Texas, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, we thank You this day for the bountiful blessings You have poured out upon the peoples of the United States of America and to the men and women elected and assem-bled here today to serve the ‘‘We the People.’’ Grant us, O God, Your grace, knowl-edge, and wisdom in the affairs that we will deliberate, debate, and vote upon. May the outcome of our endeavors be for the great benefit of the American people. Help these Members as Representa-tives of their various congressional dis-tricts be more than an elected Rep-resentative. Help each of them to be servant leaders guiding all of us to greater heights and achievements for all the American people. I ask all of this in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. BRUCE HARGRAVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank the gentleman who has just given our invocation, Dr. Bruce Hargrave. As a faith leader, a city council member in Rowlett, Texas, and a trusted member of his community, he has dedicated his life to helping others. He has served in the Baptist and United Methodist churches for more than 40 years and continues to help those not only in need in his commu-nity, but those who seek him out and who he seeks through spiritual and emotional guidance. As a civil servant, Bruce has played an integral role in his community. He is a member of the Rowlett Chamber of Commerce and the Rowlett Rotary Club, where he is a Paul Harris Fellow. In the wake of the devastating tor-nados that hit north Texas over a year ago on December 26, Bruce decided that he wanted to do more than just help but rather to rebuild the city that he called home. So he ran for the city council and was elected to serve in May. It truly is a distinct honor not only to have a well-respected person from Rowlett, Texas, in the 32nd Congres-sional District with us today, but it highlights how important it is that each of the Members of Congress who are so proud of those that we represent come to our great Nation, our Nation’s Capital, and not only give us best wish-es but pray for our success. I would like to thank the Honorable Dr. Bruce Hargrave for his service to not only Rowlett, Texas, to his coun-try, but also to our Lord. And I thank him very much. God bless Texas, and God bless Amer-ica. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Police Week, a time each year when we honor the service and sacrifice of our Na-tion’s heroes in blue. At this particular time, I especially cherish the memory of Officer Greg Alia, a veteran of the Forest Acres Po-lice Department. He was a hard-working, humble man, an Eagle Scout, a graduate of Richland Northeast High School and the University of South Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.002 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4203 May 16, 2017 
Greg’s end of watch was September 30, 2015, when he was shot while pur-suing a suspect. He is survived by his wife, Kassy; parents, Richard and Alex-is; and his young son, Sal. Kassy con-tinues to promote Greg’s legacy of service through the Heroes in Blue, an organization dedicated to sharing the caring and courageous stories of police officers across the Nation. As we mark National Police Week, I am grateful to have officers who risk their lives every day to protect our families. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations to the newly crowned Miss USA, Kara McCullough, a South Carolina State University grad-uate who represented the District of Columbia. Also, congratulations to Miss South Carolina USA, Megan Gor-don, of North Augusta, who placed in the top five. 
f 
SERIOUS QUESTIONS ABOUT PRESIDENT’S CARELESSNESS AND LACK OF JUDGMENT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, in reveal-ing classified information to the Rus-sians, President Trump has com-promised our ability to defend our-selves against ISIS to gather intel-ligence against them, and he has jeop-ardized our relationships with allies across the globe. Make no mistake about it, the Presi-dent’s actions were reckless. They are indefensible, and they make America less safe. Republicans cannot stay silent. There are serious questions about the President’s carelessness, about his lack of judgment. In fact, last July, the Speaker said that individuals who are extremely careless with classified in-formation should be denied further ac-cess to it. Even the President’s own Chief of Staff said those who mishandle classi-fied information have had their secu-rity clearances revoked. They have lost their jobs. They have faced fines. Some have gone to prison. I have to ask my colleagues, shouldn’t the President of the United States be held to that same standard? They say he can do what he wants, but does that make it smart? No. Does that make it right? No. Does it make it less safe? Absolutely. 
f 
JUDGES THREATEN OUR DEMOCRACY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in their coverage of the President, the lib-eral media have given up being objec-tive, and their credibility is now at an all-time low. Are the courts next? When considering the President’s written immigration orders, some judges are basing their decisions not on the actual text but on what was said during the heat of the campaign. This is a dangerous development, dangerous to our judicial system and dangerous to our democracy. The judi-ciary’s role is to interpret the law and decide whether it is constitutional. When judges decide to become politi-cians, injecting their own political bias into a decision, our Constitution and our government are at risk. If the media and the judiciary cease being objective, we should fear for the future of our country. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this week recognizes National Police Week. I would like to especially highlight the small but significant things officers do for our communities. Police officers in Clearwater, Flor-ida, surprised a 10-year-old robbery vic-tim with lunch after his lunch money was stolen as he walked to school. Hillsborough County sheriffs will drive homeless men and women to the Social Security office and help them with paperwork. These are extraordinary individuals, Mr. Speaker. There are countless ex-amples of local law enforcement doing good every day. This week we commemorate the fall-en officers. Florida lost 11 officers in the past year, including Deputy Sheriff John Robert Kotfila from Hillsborough County who was killed after a collision with a wrong-way driver. We also remember the Tarpon Springs officer, Officer Charles Kondek, who was fatally shot by a fugi-tive while on duty in 2014. Thank you to our law enforcement officers in Florida and nationwide who keep us safe. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 15, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 15, 2017, at 2:44 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1083. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 16, 2017, at 9:40 a.m.: Appointment: Health Information Technology Advisory Committee. With best wishes, I am. Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1601 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN) at 4 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 16, 2017, at 3:44 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 139. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.005 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4204 May 16, 2017 
today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 510) to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 510 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. RAPID DNA INSTRUMENTS. 
(a) S TANDARDS .—Section 210303(a) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14131(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In addition to issuing standards as provided in paragraphs (1) through (4), the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion shall issue standards and procedures for the use of Rapid DNA instruments and re-sulting DNA analyses. ‘‘(B) In this Act, the term ‘Rapid DNA in-struments’ means instrumentation that car-ries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) I
NDEX .—Paragraph (2) of section 210304(b) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14132(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) prepared by— ‘‘(A) laboratories that— ‘‘(i) have been accredited by a nonprofit professional association of persons actively involved in forensic science that is nation-ally recognized within the forensic science community; and ‘‘(ii) undergo external audits, not less than once every 2 years, that demonstrate compli-ance with standards established by the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion; or ‘‘(B) criminal justice agencies using Rapid DNA instruments approved by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in compliance with the standards and proce-dures issued by the Director under section 210303(a)(5); and’’. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO COLLECTION OF DNA IDENTI-FICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) F ROM CERTAIN FEDERAL OFFENDERS .— Section 3 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) F
ROM CERTAIN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  O
FFENDERS .—Section 4 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 510, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The House of Representatives works on many important issues, but few are more important than making sure that innocent arrestees are promptly re-leased and that culpable suspects are not released to strike again. Rapid DNA technology has the poten-tial to do both of those things and, as such, can be an important tool for law enforcement and a key component of this body’s ongoing efforts on criminal justice reform. I applaud the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) for re-introducing H.R. 510, the Rapid DNA Act of 2017, in this session of Congress. With Rapid DNA technology, it is possible to test the DNA of arrestees as soon as they are in custody and deter-mine within hours whether they match the DNA profile from a crime scene or from other earlier crimes. This technology would also enable police to check the Federal DNA data-base to see if an arrestee matches the DNA profile from previous crimes for which a DNA sample exists but no known suspect has been identified. Rather than waiting weeks for a DNA sample to be processed and risk releas-ing a suspect back into the public to potentially reoffend, creating new vic-tims, police will be able to determine at initial booking if the suspect is a person of interest in other crimes. This bill will provide important tools for law enforcement. For instance, it will inform decisions about pretrial re-lease or detention and their conditions. It will solve and prevent all crimes, in-cluding violent crimes. By freeing up forensic analysts, it will prevent DNA analysis backlogs. I believe this is necessary, respon-sible legislation that will aid law en-forcement and protect American citi-zens by keeping offenders off the streets. I again thank Congressman SENSENBRENNER for sponsoring this im-portant legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 510, the Rapid DNA Act of 2017. I also want to salute Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER for his hard work on it. This bipartisan legislation would in-tegrate Rapid DNA technology into the FBI’s Combined DNA Index System, popularly known as CODIS, to enable law enforcement to perform valuable investigative functions faster and more efficiently. DNA technology is a valuable, dy-namic, and rapidly unfolding element of our criminal justice system. DNA technology helps us to identify sus-pects, eliminate false suspects, exon-erate the innocent, and ultimately to convict responsible perpetrators of crime. My State of Maryland is home to the first capital prisoner in the United States who was exonerated while in prison for a homicide with DNA technology. CODIS and the National DNA Index System play a critical role across the country in criminal investigations by Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies. Rapid DNA involves a fully automated, hands-free process de-signed to produce a DNA profile within minutes at the booking stage outside of a crime lab. Existing law does not provide for the inclusion of Rapid DNA analyses into CODIS. H.R. 510 would bridge the gap between Rapid DNA technology and CODIS by authorizing law enforcement to conduct Rapid DNA analyses and upload the results to the national index, as long as the Rapid DNA ma-chines that are used are accredited. This adds a real-time layer to CODIS and saves us all significant time and resources, improving efficiency in the criminal justice process. H.R. 510 has significant practical and positive consequences for law enforce-ment and for public safety. For exam-ple, Detroit, as of this April, has tested approximately 10,000 backlogged sexual assault kits. As a result, there have been more than 2,600 DNA matches, in-cluding CODIS hits; the identification of nearly 800 potential serial rapists; 92 convictions obtained by the Wayne County Prosecutor’s Office; and DNA crimes linked to 40 other States and the District of Columbia. The addition of Rapid DNA informa-tion to the CODIS database will help identify serial rapists if matches are made to the lab analyses of the sexual assault kit samples. I hope that the use of Rapid DNA will allow other DNA labs to focus more of their resources on reducing the backlog 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.010 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4205 May 16, 2017 
of untested sexual assault kits across the country. My home State of Mary-land has 3,700 untested rape kits right now, according to a report done last year. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join the chairman and those of us in the minority in supporting this impor-tant legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the former chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and the chief author of this legislation. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) for yielding me this time. Rapid DNA is a promising new tech-nology that allows for the almost im-mediate DNA analysis of an arrestee. Unlike standard DNA practices, which require sending DNA samples from arrestees out to labs with a result tak-ing weeks to ascertain, Rapid DNA re-sults take only a few hours and can be done right at the booking station. Like fingerprinting, photographing, and other booking procedures which at the time were novel but now have become routine, Rapid DNA will soon be stand-ard procedure in police stations throughout the country. There is only one problem with Rapid DNA technology: Federal law. Our law, written in 1994 when DNA technology was still in its infancy, prohibits the use of Rapid DNA technology in book-ing stations. This is not because of any limitation in Rapid DNA technology, but simply because at that time Rapid DNA technology was not even con-templated. Similar to the trans-formation of musical devices—records leading to cassette tapes, cassette tapes leading to CDs, CDs leading to MP3, and now iPods and online music hosting services—technology moves quicker than we can legislate. Now is the time to change the law to permit Rapid DNA technology. Rapid DNA machines are compact, approximately the size of copy ma-chines, and can provide a DNA analysis from a cheek swab sample of an ar-restee within 2 hours. This has two pro-found implications. First, arrestees may be exonerated of crimes in 2 hours rather than waiting for up to 72 hours for release, or months for more stand-ard DNA testing. Second, those ar-rested for a crime can quickly be matched to other unsolved crimes where there was forensic evidence left at the crime scene but for which there was no identified suspect. The Rapid DNA Act updates the cur-rent law to allow DNA samples to be processed using Rapid DNA instru-ments located in booking stations and other approved locations. The bill will require the FBI to issue standards and procedures for the use of such instru-ments and their resulting DNA anal-yses to ensure the integrity of such in-struments and the accuracy of the re-sults. It will permit those results to be included in the DNA index if criminal justice agencies taking the samples comply with the standards and proce-dures that the FBI approves. In this way, the bill would permit this new category of DNA samples to be uploaded into the index with the same protections and quality standards as current DNA samples. Not only does Rapid DNA have the potential to reduce crime, help expedi-tiously exonerate the innocent, but also to positively impact the current backlogs for rape kits and other DNA sample analysis. This committee has spent a great deal of time and significant work to try to reduce the forensic DNA back-log, especially in rape kits. Rapid DNA could not at this time be used for rape kits, but the implementation of Rapid DNA will allow forensic labs to focus on forensic samples, not on identifica-tion samples which can easily be han-dled by Rapid DNA machines. I hope this will reduce the rape kit backlog, which will also prevent future rapes from happening. I am pleased that the House is taking a significant step in furthering the use of this technology. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
ASKIN for his kind words and his work on this. I particularly thank Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER for his work. He has been the sponsor of this since it was in-troduced. I was an original sponsor since it was introduced as well. It makes a lot of sense for us to do this and get DNA evidence and use science to the advantage of the American peo-ple, and particularly in law enforce-ment where we have problems in iden-tifying suspects and proving guilt on occasion, and also exonerating the in-nocent. DNA is a perfect tool as it ex-onerates the wrongfully accused and gets the person who has committed the crime. I am honored to be a part of this. This bill, while a small part in the big picture, shows that Democrats and Re-publicans can work together to get some things done. I appreciate the honor to be able to sponsor, and I ap-preciate Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ’s work. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The Rapid DNA Act is strongly sup-ported by several organizations which know that the expanded use and avail-ability of Rapid DNA will enhance pub-lic safety by reducing the DNA back-log, reducing violent crime, and allow-ing law enforcement to investigate crimes and identify suspects with greater efficiency and accuracy. The organizations include the National Center for Victims of Crime; the Police Foundation, which works to improve policing through innovation and science; and the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association. b1615 Mr. Speaker, in the case that I re-ferred to before, the Bloodsworth case from Maryland, this was a gentleman who was convicted of a grisly rape and murder of a 9-year-old girl. He swore he hadn’t done it. He was convicted. In court he swore every day that he was the wrong guy. When DNA technology was first un-veiled, he read about it. He begged his lawyer who is now the chief judge on the D.C. Superior Court, Judge Morin, to get the DNA test done. That lawyer took $5,000 out of his own pocket to do the DNA test, and it came back with greater than 99 percent certainty it could not have been Bloodsworth. Then the DNA evidence provided an exact match to a prisoner who was a floor below Bloodsworth at the time. So they found the right guy, and he was about to get out of prison a few months later. The DNA evidence establishes an ex-traordinary new era that we are in in terms of criminal justice, and I am proud to be supporting this legislation that Mr. SENSENBRENNER has brought forward, which I think will improve ac-curacy and efficiency all around. I ap-plaud his efforts and the efforts of our chairman to ensure the integrity and the quality of the analysis that will be used in the criminal justice system. I urge all of our colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 510 today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. It is a bipartisan bill. I thank Members on both sides of the aisle for their contributions to this ef-fort. I again commend the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) for reintroducing this bill. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 510. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING STATE AND LOCAL CYBER CRIME FIGHTING ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1616) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.011 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4206 May 16, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1616 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL COM-PUTER FORENSICS INSTITUTE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 822. NATIONAL COMPUTER FORENSICS IN-STITUTE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized for fiscal years 2017 through 2022 within the United States Secret Service a National Computer Forensics Institute (in this section referred to as the ‘Institute’). The Institute shall disseminate information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime and related threats, and educate, train, and equip State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of the In-stitute shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Educating State, local, tribal, and ter-ritorial law enforcement officers, prosecu-tors, and judges on current— ‘‘(A) cyber and electronic crimes and re-lated threats; ‘‘(B) methods for investigating cyber and electronic crime and related threats and con-ducting computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) prosecutorial and judicial challenges related to cyber and electronic crime and re-lated threats, and computer and mobile de-vice forensic examinations. ‘‘(2) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers to— ‘‘(A) conduct cyber and electronic crime and related threat investigations; ‘‘(B) conduct computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) respond to network intrusion inci-dents. ‘‘(3) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on methods to obtain, process, store, and admit digital evidence in court. ‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES .—In carrying out the func-tions specified in subsection (b), the Insti-tute shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that timely, actionable, and relevant exper-tise and information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats is shared with State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers and prosecu-tors. ‘‘(d) E
QUIPMENT .—The Institute may pro-vide State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers with computer equip-ment, hardware, software, manuals, and tools necessary to conduct cyber and elec-tronic crime and related threat investiga-tions and computer and mobile device foren-sic examinations. ‘‘(e) E
LECTRONIC CRIME TASKFORCES .—The Institute shall facilitate the expansion of the network of Electronic Crime Task Forces of the United States Secret Service through the addition of State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers educated and trained at the Institute. ‘‘(f) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—All authorized ac-tivities and functions carried out by the In-stitute at any location as of the day before the date of the enactment of this section are authorized to continue to be carried out at any such location on and after such date.’’. (b) FUNDING .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, amounts appropriated for United States Secret Service, Operations and Support, may be used to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 821 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 822. National Computer Forensics In-stitute.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1616, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the National Computer Forensics Institute serves a vital pur-pose in preparing State and local law enforcement to combat computer and cybercrime. Last Congress, the House passed this legislation by voice vote under suspen-sion of the rules. I am pleased to sup-port this legislation once again, and I am confident that this bill will once again receive bipartisan support. The United States Department of Justice has declared that cybercrime is one of the greatest threats facing our country and that it has enormous im-plications for our national security, economic prosperity, and public safety. We have seen this just in the past few days after cyber vulnerabilities led to widespread computer disruptions around the world. With this in mind, the National Com-puter Forensics Institute serves the vital purpose of providing legal and ju-dicial professionals a free, comprehen-sive education on current cybercrime trends, investigative methods, and prosecutorial and judicial challenges. The National Computer Forensics In-stitute is a 32,000-square-foot facility located in Hoover, Alabama. The insti-tute boasts three multipurpose class-rooms, two network investigations classrooms, a mock courtroom, and a forensics lab. The special agents of the United States Secret Service staff the insti-tute and work diligently training attendees in modern counter- cybercrime procedures and evidence collection. When the attendees leave, they take with them the critical knowledge and equipment required to conduct autono-mous and thorough cybercrime inves-tigations at their home agencies. Since its creation in 2008, the insti-tute has earned praise for its work in preparing America’s local law enforce-ment in how to deal with these impor-tant technology issues. Over the last 7 years, the institute has instructed law enforcement profes-sionals from every State in the country and from over 500 different law enforce-ment agencies. In fact, law enforcement in my own district has benefited from NCFI train-ing, including Lynchburg Common-wealth Attorney Mike Doucette and his staff. Each professional educated at the in-stitute is a force multiplier for the Se-cret Service. The institute itself is a force multiplier for other law enforce-ment cyber forensic efforts, comple-menting vital training offered by enti-ties like the National White Collar Crime Center, otherwise known as NW3C. After successful completion of the NCFI and the NW3C programs, the students can bring their new knowl-edge back to their local agency to in-form their colleagues how to properly conduct computer forensic investiga-tions. Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that for our Nation to successfully combat the cybercrime threat, we must support legislation such as H.R. 1616. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), a member of the Judiciary Committee, for spon-soring this important legislation. Authorizing the existing National Computer Forensics Institute in Fed-eral law will cement its position as a high-tech cybercrime training facility and will help law enforcement profes-sionals nationwide in their efforts to combat cyber-related crimes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 15, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : I write con-cerning H.R. 1616, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017’’. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 1616, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity agrees to forgo action on this bill. How-ever, this is conditional on our mutual un-derstanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or simi-lar legislation that fall within the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Rule X juris-diction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.014 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4207 May 16, 2017 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 15, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on the Judi-ciary and agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 1616, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act,’’ so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your foregoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1616 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 1616, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act. This bill establishes the National Computer Forensics Institute as an official Fed-eral program to be managed by the De-partment of Homeland Security and operated by the U.S. Secret Service. I strongly support it because it addresses a serious problem and advances a solu-tion that is critically important to the safety of our people. Cybercrime poses an enormous threat to national security, economic pros-perity, and public safety. The range of threats and the challenges that they present for law enforcement multiply just as rapidly as technology evolves, causing serious insecurity in the per-sonal lives, the work lives, and the fi-nances of our people. Over the past decade, our law en-forcement community has recorded a significant increase in the quantity, quality, complexity, and danger of so-phisticated cybercrimes targeting pri-vate industry, including our financial services sector and private individuals. These crimes include intrusions; hack-ing attacks; the surreptitious installa-tion of malicious software; identity theft; and massive data breaches that have compromised and exposed the per-sonal, financial, business, medical, and professional information of millions of U.S. citizens. How many of our people have suf-fered the disruption, indignity, and anxiety of identity theft, for example? For Americans who have been vic-timized by cybercrime, especially our seniors, it is a terrifying and demor-alizing experience. For small busi-nesses affected, it is costly and enor-mously draining. Just as cyber warfare has trans-formed the nature of war in this cen-tury, cybercrime has transformed the nature of crime, adversely affecting the members of our law enforcement and intelligence services. To date, the National Computer Forensics Institute has risen to the oc-casion, training more than 4,000 State and local law enforcement officers and 1,600 prosecutors. With this legislation, the institute will continue to educate State and local law enforcement offi-cials, prosecutors, and judges on cur-rent trends in cyber and electronic crime investigations and best practices taken across the country. The institute will train officers on proper procedures to conduct these important investiga-tions that are affecting more and more Americans every year. In addition, the National Computer Forensics Institute will continue to work to protect our citizens’ personal information from unwarranted govern-mental intrusion by establishing na-tional standards for conducting these investigations. The institute will pro-tect these important privacy interests along with the security of our busi-nesses, our homes, our finances, and our personal effects. For these reasons, I proudly support H.R. 1616. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time I am pleased to yield as much time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), the chief sponsor of the legislation. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1616, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017. Let me start out by thanking Chair-man G
OODLATTE for his support and al-lowing this bill to come to the floor and Senator G
RASSLEY , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN for their support in introducing a companion measure over in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, the bicameral, bipar-tisan support on this issue underscores its critical importance and the need for this issue to transcend political parties and partisan politics. Mr. Speaker, this is Police Week in the United States. It is our chance to show appreciation for some of the most important unsung heroes in our Na-tion. I couldn’t be more grateful for the opportunity to use my time before this legislative body today to thank each and every member of this country’s brave dedicated men and women of law enforcement. From patrolling our streets to pursuing criminals of every kind, it is these men and women in blue who keep our communities safe and uphold the pillars of law and order in society each and every day. Every American should be grateful for those who run towards danger and who march into harm’s way to keep us safe. Nearly a decade ago I had the privi-lege of being appointed the United States Attorney under former Presi-dent George W. Bush. Serving as the President’s top Federal law enforce-ment official gave me the chance to work shoulder to shoulder with hun-dreds of great police officers and police departments across the 33,000 square miles of the Eastern District of Texas. It also instilled in me an incredible sense of gratitude for those in law en-forcement who wake up each and every day simply wanting to make the world around them a safer place to live for all of us. I could say it 1,000 times and it wouldn’t do justice to the service that they provide: Thank you. Thank you for all you do. We are all grateful. And while the simple truth is that we can never really repay those in law en-forcement for the incredible sacrifices they make each and every day, as a lawmaker, I want to do everything within my power to give them the tools to help them keep us safe. Today this body has a unique oppor-tunity to stand up for those who self-lessly and dependably stand up for all of us. H.R. 1616, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017, does exactly that by au-thorizing into law the National Com-puter Forensics Institute, or NCFI. As the chairman said, the NCFI is a critical national training center lo-cated in Hoover, Alabama, that is oper-ated by the United States Secret Serv-ice for the purpose of training our State and local law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, and judges on how to investigate cyber and electronic crimes, on how to conduct computer and mobile device forensics examina-tions, to respond to network intru-sions, and to preserve the chain of cus-tody for digital evidence. Mr. Speaker, in today’s digital world, it is rarely that drop of blood or strand of hair that solves a crime or a case. Instead, far more frequently, it is proof of a text message that was sent or an online purchase that was made or geolocation data on a mobile device. Since its creation, the NCFI has trained and equipped more than 6,000 law enforcement officials from all 50 States on how to handle digital evi-dence and solve and prosecute cybercrimes. By authorizing the NCFI into Federal law, Congress can ensure that the NCFI remains our Nation’s premier cybercrime training center for State and local law enforcement offi-cials for many years to come. This isn’t some theoretical program at the NCFI. The proverbial rubber is already hitting the road. In fact, three different law enforcement agencies in my own district have had their folks trained at the NCFI, folks like Don Waddle, a 25-year veteran of the Green-ville Police Department in my home district. In a hearing I chaired last year about the impact of the training that Don received at NCFI, he talked about the value that not just he got as a law enforcement officer, but the com-munity that he serves. He told me: I am not the main bene-factor of this training. The citizens of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.009 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4208 May 16, 2017 
Greenville and Hunt County and the entire northeast Texas area reap the benefits of this training with better re-covery rates for stolen property, as well as more perpetrators being taken off of our streets. b1630 Don is like thousands of detectives and prosecutors and judges across the country who because of their NCFI training are better able to serve their communities and do their law enforce-ment jobs in an ever-increasing digital world. Mr. Speaker, the need for this bill could not be more clear. Cybercrime has surpassed drug trafficking as the most profitable criminal enterprise in the world. Today, let’s vote to help fight cybercrime by passing this com-monsense legislation to support our law enforcement and give our officers a leg up on the criminals who are in-creasingly using digital means in cyberspace to evade justice. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1616. I once again thank Chair-man G
OODLATTE and my Senate col-leagues for their support. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Just to close, I want to echo Congress-man R
ATCLIFFE in observing it is Na-tional Police Week, so we have the op-portunity to highlight the successful efforts that have already taken place to combat cybercrime. As the operator of the National Com-puter Forensics Institute, the Secret Service has demonstrated its excel-lence and diligence in pursuing cybercrime both domestically and internationally. Its investigations have produced more than 4,000 arrests, in-volving more than a billion dollars in fraud, and saving the public billions of dollars more in potential fraud that would have taken place absent their intervention. H.R. 1616 will strengthen these efforts in continuing to combat cyber and electronic crime. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman R
ATCLIFFE and the com-mittee for their work on this bill. The internet is an ever-increasing medium for criminals to carry out crimes, such as sex trafficking, credit card theft, and identity theft. We are currently witnessing an unprecedented global cyber attack. Attacks such as this threaten our economy and our na-tional security. This highlights the need for law enforcement to be trained at local, State, and national levels to recognize and combat this activity. Prior to 2008, training for State and local law enforcement and cybercrimes was difficult to find. Recognizing this problem in 2007, the State of Alabama offered the Secret Service and the De-partment of Homeland Security prop-erty and funds to construct a state-of- the-art facility if the Federal Govern-ment would fund the training and allow the Secret Service to operate it. I am proud to say this facility is lo-cated in my district in the city of Hoo-ver. The National Computer Forensics In-stitute, NCFI, opened its doors in May of 2008. State and local law enforce-ment officers come from all across the Nation to be trained at this one-of-a- kind facility, where they are trained by Secret Service agents on the same equipment and same software that our Secret Service agents use. NCFI has trained law enforcement of-ficers, prosecutors, and judges from all 50 States, and its graduates represent over 500 agencies. They are not only trained in solving crimes but also in prosecution. I am pleased that the work that NCFI does is being recognized, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 1616. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this good legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1616, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1892 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Honoring Hometown Heroes Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PERMITTING THE FLAG TO BE FLOWN AT HALF-STAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A FIRST RESPONDER SERVING IN THE LINE OF DUTY. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—The sixth sentence of section 7(m) of title 4, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘possession of the United States’’ and inserting a comma; (2) by inserting ‘‘or the death of a first re-sponder working in any State, territory, or possession who dies while serving in the line of duty,’’ after ‘‘while serving on active duty,’’; (3) by striking ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘former offi-cials of the District of Columbia’’ and insert-ing a comma; and (4) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, and first responders working in the District of Columbia’’. (b) FIRST RESPONDER DEFINED .—Such sub-section is further amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, United States Code; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) the term ‘first responder’ means a ‘public safety officer’ as defined in section 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1892, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. On June 14, 1777, the Second Conti-nental Congress passed a resolution es-tablishing an official flag for the new American Nation. The resolution, now known as the Flag Act of 1777, stated that the flag would be ‘‘thirteen stripes, alternate red and white; that the union be thirteen stars, white in a blue field, representing a new Con-stellation.’’ For the last 240 years, the American people have celebrated Flag Day every June 14, and, over that time, the flag has evolved. As we all know, changes have been made to its design, shape, and arrangement. The Flag Act of 1794 changed the design from 13 to 15 stars to accommodate the admission of Vermont and Kentucky into the Union. The Flag Act of 1818 mandated that the 13 stripes represented the Thirteen Original Colonies, the number of stars matched the number of States, and provided that subsequent changes in the number of stars would be made on the 4th of July. What has remained rock solid over that quarter millennium, however, is what our flag represents. It represents one nation, freedom, and justice for all, and the sacrifices made in pursuit of those core American values. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.017 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4209 May 16, 2017 
Current law provides guidance for displaying and handling the flag so it is afforded the respect it deserves and has earned. In abiding by these guidelines, we all commemorate the value and love we hold for what our flag rep-resents. That is why the legislation be-fore us today, H.R. 1892, the Honoring Hometown Heroes Act, is not only ap-propriate but necessary. This bill amends Federal law to per-mit State and Territorial Governors and the Mayor of Washington, D.C., to order that the flag be flown at halfstaff in the event that a public safety officer dies in the line of duty. For purposes of this legislation, ‘‘public safety offi-cers’’ include local police officers, fire-fighters, and EMS professionals. These are individuals who make great sac-rifices so we all can live in a free coun-try. These men and women work long hours, separated from their loved ones, and consistently place themselves in harm’s way so we as Americans can enjoy our freedom and our way of life. These sacrifices often go unappreciated. When an officer dies in the line of duty, he or she is making the ultimate sacrifice for their community, their family, and for their country. H.R. 1892 allows the American people to show their appreciation to these men and women, who are truly the bulwark be-tween order and chaos. They represent the values the Founders held so dear nearly 250 years ago, and their sac-rifices must be publicly acknowledged so they are not taken for granted. I thank the lead sponsor of this bill, Congressman J
OHNLARSON . On May 3, the House Committee on the Judiciary approved the Honoring Hometown He-roes Act with unanimous, bipartisan support. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation and the other bills before the House today to honor the men and women who have made the ul-timate sacrifice to ensure the safety of our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise also in support of H.R. 1892, the Honoring Hometown Heroes Act. I want to begin by saluting the distin-guished author of this legislation, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON), who has navigated the twists and turns of the legislative process to bring this legislation to the floor with the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1892 would bestow one of the highest honors that can be given in America to our first responders who have died in the line of duty by allow-ing the U.S. flag to be lowered in their respective jurisdictions. The bill amends the U.S. Flag Code to allow the Governor of a State, Territory or pos-session, and the Mayor of the District of Columbia to order the flag be low-ered to halfstaff if a first responder in the jurisdiction dies while serving in the line of duty. Our first responders put their lives on the line every day for the greater good of the people that they have taken an oath to serve and protect. Every year, some first responders make the ultimate sacrifice and lose their lives while serving and protecting their communities in the line of duty. Currently, under the U.S. Flag Code, a Governor or the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia can order that the flag be lowered to halfstaff after the death of a President or former govern-ment official or after the death of a member of the Armed Forces from the jurisdiction. It is only fitting that, given the hard work and sacrifices and crucial role of first responders, we honor these brave men and women in the same way that we honor govern-ment officials and members of the Armed Forces when they make the ul-timate sacrifice. Accordingly, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1892. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LAR-
SON). Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished Member from Maryland and our distin-guished chairman from Virginia for taking up this legislation. Let me start by thanking so many cosponsors, starting with P
ETER KING and B
ILLPASCRELL , the co-chairs of our Congressional Fire Services Cau-cus, for their extraordinary work; the sheriff, as I like to refer to D
AVID R
EICHERT , who I serve with on the Committee on Ways and Means; and T
IMWALZ, the chairman of the Con-gressional Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Caucus and ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Amongst the Members who are co-sponsors of the bill, many are former first responders as well: D
UTCH RUP-
PERSBERGER , former police officer; J
OHN RUTHERFORD , former sheriff of Duval County, Florida; B
RIAN F
ITZPATRICK , former FBI special agent; J
IMRENACCI , former volunteer fire-fighter from Ohio. Special thanks to the Committee on the Judiciary for recognizing, however simple a solution, how powerful the meaning for those who have lost a member of their community and their family who, as Lincoln would say, have given the full measure of their devo-tion. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS , S TEVE  K
ING, and S TEVE COHEN also for their work on this. I deeply appreciate it. I especially thank and single out Jim McLoughlin, a veteran firefighter from Connecticut. He is the founder of the National Honor Guard Commanders As-sociation, and it was he who first came to me with endorsing this concept. I also thank the strong support of Harold Schaitberger of the Inter-national Association of Firefighters, the Fraternal Order of Police, Ser-geants Benevolent Association, Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs, and the National Volunteer Fire Coun-cil, among others. As has been said on the floor already today, a number of people have men-tioned that this week we come to-gether during National Police Week to recognize first responders. In fact, the White House was lit in blue last night. It is those who put their lives on the line every day to protect us and our communities, as the chairman noted, who often get forgotten in terms of their line of duty. I am the son of a proud firefighter. I think in every firefighter’s memory and every memory of the Nation will be permanently seared that vision of firefighters rushing up the steps of the World Trade Center as people were coming down. b1645 Whether it is a national emergency or a medical emergency, these brave men and women are the first to answer the call, and they deserve our respect. Scripture tells us to love our neigh-bors as we love ourselves, but only a few are willing to step into harm’s way for others. When everyone else flees from danger, our law enforcement offi-cers, firefighters, and EMTs heroically place their lives in jeopardy to help people that they have never met. These jobs are inherently dangerous. The reminders are too common. And as any family of a first responder can tell you, they oftentimes do not return home to their families. JOECROWLEY  has spoken eloquently of that on this very floor. This bill has been reviewed by the chairman, and I thank Mr. R
ASKIN for his comments as well. But I think we can all agree that these courageous men and women deserve what is a sim-ple tribute but a very powerful message when the American flag and all that it stands for is lowered to halfstaff when they have given the full measure of their devotion to their community, their State, and this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage and am thankful for the bipartisan support that we have received on this very im-portant week for these incredibly re-markable and important people who serve their country. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this wonderful legislation, and I take the occasion of National Police Week to restate everyone in this body’s appreciation for the hard work that our responders and our officers do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1892. The question was taken. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.020 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4210 May 16, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AMERICAN LAW ENFORCEMENT HEROES ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1428) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1428 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PRIORITIZING HIRING AND TRAINING OF VETERANS. 
Section 1701(b)(2) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)(2)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, including by prioritizing the hiring and training of veterans (as defined in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘Nation’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 1428, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Police officers and military veterans have much in common: Both wear uni-forms, both protect and serve, and both face great physical risk in executing their duties. It is understandable, then, that many military servicemen and -women seek employment as police of-ficers upon returning to civilian life. Similarly, police departments are seeking men and women who are phys-ically and mentally fit to assume these roles, who are used to working in teams, and who have experience mak-ing quick decisions under stress. To a police department, a military veteran may be a perfect fit. In recent years, we have strived for community-oriented approaches to po-licing. A community-oriented approach requires officers not just to enforce laws, but to wear many other hats, like first aid provider, social worker, coun-selor, crisis manager, and peacemaker. If there is a problem, we expect the po-lice to solve it. The knowledge, skill, and abilities military veterans bring to police departments enhance the depart-ments’ problem-solving mission. H.R. 1428, the American Law Enforce-ment Heroes Act of 2017, is good legis-lation introduced by our colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). The bill authorizes grantees who receive grants under the Community Oriented Policing Services program at the De-partment of Justice, commonly known as COPS, to use them for prioritizing the hiring and training of military vet-erans. When military veterans return from deployment and enter civilian life, it is important we recognize their sacrifices by assuring they can obtain employ-ment and support their families. This bill helps to ensure veterans can do just that. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
URD for introducing this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1428, the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017. I want to thank the author of the bill, Mr. H
URD, for bringing it forward. This measure has the laudable goal of recognizing our brave men and women who have served in the armed services, but it also helps to protect our commu-nities through community-oriented po-licing. I support H.R. 1428 for several rea-sons. To begin with, the Office of Com-munity Oriented Policing Services, also known as the COPS Office, is re-sponsible for advancing community po-licing by law enforcement agencies through information and grant re-sources. The COPS Office promotes commu-nity policing with a commitment to building trust and mutual respect be-tween police and the people in the com-munities they serve by awarding grants to law enforcement agencies for the hiring of law enforcement officers for community policing. Through the COPS Hiring Program, funds are provided directly to law en-forcement agencies to hire or rehire ca-reer law enforcement officers to in-crease their community policing capac-ity and crime prevention activities. To date, more than 129,000 officers for over 13,000 agencies have been funded via the COPS Hiring Program, which was first established 23 years ago under President Bill Clinton in 1994. The COPS Office began supporting military veterans through the COPS Hiring Program and currently gives ad-ditional consideration to law enforce-ment agencies that commit to hiring our veterans. Although we have not had hearings to discuss the import of providing incentives through this pro-gram for the hiring of veterans as new law enforcement officers by State and local law enforcement, we believe the bill is well designed and well inten-tioned. The bill prioritizes grant applications of law enforcement agencies that will use grant funds from the COPS Office to hire veterans, thereby giving pref-erence to those agencies when applying for grant funds. The intent is to assist law enforcement agencies in attracting well-qualified, service-oriented people who have already served America through their military service. Another positive purpose of this leg-islation is to provide our brave vet-erans the opportunity to continue to serve their country and respective communities upon completion of their military service. Military service pro-vides vital leadership traits that can be valuable in assisting military veterans in their effort to succeed in law en-forcement careers, and we need to take advantage of that. Veterans with combat experience have obtained skill sets that relate to law enforcement work, such as dis-cipline, loyalty, ethical standards, and integrity; physical fitness; firearms and tactical skills; the ability to re-spond appropriately under stress; and experience working with diverse popu-lations. Those who have served in the mili-tary often have a desire to continue to serve others, and a career as a law en-forcement officer allows veterans to continue serving others through com-munity policing, where we need them so much. A career in law enforcement also provides veterans with long-term stability, gives a sense of accomplish-ment and pride, and offers a career where their dedication to protecting and serving the public can be applied. Finally, measures such as H.R. 1428 will help ensure our communities are protected through community-oriented policing. Accordingly, we support passage of H.R. 1428, the American Law Enforce-ment Heroes Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), the chief author of this legislation. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, the veteran unemployment rate is currently 5 per-cent in Texas, higher than the national average of 3.7. While the national aver-age has steadily declined in recent years, the unemployment rate for young veterans ages 18 to 24 has sky-rocketed to 13 percent, more than dou-ble the rate it was at this time last year. We need to do more for the men and women who have sacrificed so much for our freedom and our safety. That is why I introduced the American Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.023 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4211 May 16, 2017 
Enforcement Heroes Act: to provide an outlet for these heroes to continue their service right here at home. My district is home to more than 4,600 Active Duty and 45,000 military veterans who have served or supported Joint Base San Antonio, Laughlin Air Force Base, and Fort Bliss, among oth-ers. They often tell me about their struggles to find good jobs once they leave the military. This bill incentivizes State and local governments to hire veterans as new law enforcement officers by giving preference when applying for grants through DOJ’s COPS Office which fund academy and field training along with promoting community collaboration. It is modeled after an expired program called Troops to COPS, which helped about 1,000 veterans in the late 1990s. We owe our freedom to these men and women and must do a better job facili-tating their transition into meaningful civilian careers. Ultimately, we should be doing everything we can to help those who have served our Nation in one uniform continue to do so in an-other one right here at home. In commemoration of both National Police Week and Military Appreciation Month, this bill will better serve our veterans and be a win for communities nationwide. I want to thank Senator J
OHN COR-
NYN, my colleague from Texas, for his leadership on this issue, and I ask my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 1428. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I close by restating my support for this legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I again commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) for his thoughtful legislation and his outstanding leader-ship on this issue. This is good legisla-tion that will help young military men and women find employment in law en-forcement where they can provide great continued service to our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1428. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–42) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2017. Obstacles to the orderly reconstruc-tion of Iraq, the restoration and main-tenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of polit-ical, administrative, and economic in-stitutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Accordingly, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 16, 2017. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 59 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 115, THIN BLUE LINE ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–126) on the resolution (H. Res. 323) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 115) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the victim, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1039, PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–127) on the resolution (H. Res. 324) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1039) to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers authority to arrest hostile third par-ties who obstruct or impede a proba-tion officer in the performance of offi-cial duties, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
STRENGTHENING STATE AND LOCAL CYBER CRIME FIGHTING ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1616) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 408, nays 3, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 258] YEAS—408 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.025 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4212 May 16, 2017 
Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Jones Massie 
NOT VOTING—19 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Chaffetz Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Marino Napolitano Newhouse Pelosi Perlmutter Poe (TX) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Roybal-Allard Sinema Tiberi b1853 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. GARAMENDI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 258. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause (2)(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President shall immediately disclose his tax re-turn information to Congress and the American people; Whereas, in the United States’ sys-tem of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the execu-tive branch of government to the high-est standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax His-tory Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax re-turn information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an im-portant baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive infor-mation, including whether the can-didate paid taxes, number one; what they own, number two; what they have borrowed and from whom, number three; whether they have made any charitable donations, number four; and whether they have taken advantage of tax loopholes, number five. Whereas, disclosure of the Presi-dent’s tax returns could help those in-vestigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the Presi-dent’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, in-cluding debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, eq-uity interests, joint ventures, or licens-ing agreements with Russia or Rus-sians; Whereas, the President fired FBI Di-rector James Comey last week, whose FBI was investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election; Whereas, Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions, who made the recommendation to fire Director Comey, during sworn testimony—the Interior Ryan Zinke to review national monuments that Presi-dents have designated or expanded since 1996; Whereas, this review was praised by industry groups who could benefit fi-nancially from oil, gas, mining, and condemned by environmental organiza-tions concerned this review will scrap or scale back critical Federal designa-tion to protect tribal and historic lands; Whereas, the American people are in the dark to knowing if this review was started to justify selling or leasing public lands to private corporations that could enrich the President or his business partners without reviewing the President’s tax returns; Whereas, it has been reported that Federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn seeking business records as part of the ongoing probe into Russian in-volvement in the 2016 election; Whereas, according to his 2016 can-didate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 fi-nancial positions in companies located not only in the United States but around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership stake in his businesses and can still withdraw funds at any time from the trust of which he is sole beneficiary; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the United States Constitu-tion for the express purpose of pre-venting Federal officials from accept-ing any—from the Constitution, article I, section 9—‘‘present Emolument, Of-fice, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, the most signed petition on the White House website calls for the release of the President’s tax return in-formation to verify compliance. The legislative branch has the re-sponsibility and the authority to check the executive branch in section 6103 of the Tax Code—in 1924 allows for an ex-amination of his tax returns, the au-thority put in place specifically so Congress could examine the conflicts of interest in the executive branch of gov-ernment following the biggest scandal of the 20th century, the Teapot Dome scandal. b1900 Nothing could be more of a threat to the integrity of the House than ignor-ing our duty to fully examine the per-sonal financial entanglements this President may have with Russian enti-ties and individuals and whether he has abused the tax laws of the United States of America. We have nothing but evidence to jus-tify such an examination. If and when such conflicts are revealed, I do not want to say to our constituents that we had the power to review these con-flicts, but we did nothing. I, for one, do not want my integrity, or the integrity of my colleagues on either side of the aisle in this body, to be demeaned by such a shameful failure. To restore the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to request 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.014 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4213 May 16, 2017 
President Trump’s tax returns and give the American people the transparency they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the oral an-nouncement of the resolution in order that the entire text appears in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
AYLOR ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from New Jer-sey? There was no objection. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
Expressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that the President shall imme-diately disclose his tax return information to Congress and the American people. Whereas, in the United States’ system of checks and balances, Congress has a respon-sibility to hold the Executive Branch of gov-ernment to the highest standard of trans-parency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive information including whether the candidate paid taxes, what they own, what they have borrowed and from whom, whether they have made any chari-table donations, and whether they have taken advantage of tax loopholes; Whereas, disclosure of the President’s tax returns could help those investigating Rus-sian influence in the 2016 election understand the President’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any part-nership interests, equity interests, joint ven-tures or licensing agreements with Russia or Russians; Whereas, the President fired FBI Director James Comey last week, whose FBI was in-vestigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election Whereas, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who made the recommendation to fire Direc-tor Comey, during sworn testimony ne-glected to mention his contacts with the Russian ambassador and recused himself from anything involving the Russian inves-tigation; Whereas, Senate Russia investigators have requested information from the Treasury De-partment’s criminal investigation division, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, which handles cases of money laundering, for information related to Presi-dent Trump, his top officials and campaign aides. FinCEN has been investigating allega-tions of foreign money-laundering through purchases of U.S. real estate; Whereas, the President’s tax returns would show us whether he has foreign bank ac-counts and how much profit he receives from his ownership in myriad partnerships; Whereas, the President hired a law firm to send a letter to Senator Lindsey Graham to fight suggestions he has Russian business ties; this letter left open the question wheth-er Mr. Trump or his firms received Russian income or loans or derived income from Rus-sian-linked partnerships. Whereas, Donald Trump Jr. said the Trump Organization saw money ‘‘pouring in from Russia’’ and that ‘‘Russians make up a pret-ty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.’’ Whereas, the White House will not confirm whether the President has filed a 2016 tax re-turn; Whereas, Congress gave itself the author-ity to review an individual’s tax returns to investigate and reveal possible conflicts of interest of executive branch officials in-volved in the Teapot Dome scandal. Whereas, President Donald Trump’s execu-tive order on the Review of designations under the Antiquities Act has directed the U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke to review national monuments that presidents have designated or expanded since 1996. Whereas, this review was praised by indus-try groups who could benefit financially from oil, gas and mining and condemned by environmental organizations concerned this review will scrap or scale back critical fed-eral designation to protect tribal and his-toric lands. Whereas, the American people are in the dark to knowing if this review was started to justify selling or leasing public lands to pri-vate corporations that could enrich the President or his business partners without reviewing the President’s tax returns. Whereas, it has been reported that federal prosecutors have issued grand jury sub-poenas to associates of former National Se-curity Advisor Michael Flynn seeking busi-ness records as part of the ongoing probe into Russian involvement in the 2016 elec-tion; Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, against the advice of ethics at-torneys and the Office of Government Ethics, the President has refused to divest his own-ership stake in his businesses; and can still withdraw funds at any time from the trust of which he is the sole beneficiary; Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was in-cluded in the U.S. Constitution for the ex-press purpose of preventing federal officials from accepting any ‘‘present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince, or foreign state’’; Whereas, the most signed petition on the White House website calls for the release of the President’s tax return information to verify compliance with the Emoluments Clause, with 1 million, 94 thousand signa-tures as of date of this resolution; Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Tax-ation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under Section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of President Rich-ard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public; Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make pub-lic the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest re-lated to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives shall— 1. Immediately request the tax return in-formation of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed execu-tive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives 2. Support transparency in government and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from New Jersey will appear in full in the RECORD at this point. The Chair will not, at this point, de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
HONORING AN AMERICAN HERO, JEREMY ‘‘SCOTT’’ M
CGUIRE (Mr. SCALISE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night to honor an American hero. Jer-emy ‘‘Scott’’ McGuire was a special agent assigned to the National Secu-rity Investigations Division at the De-partment of Homeland Security in New Orleans. Scott began his career in law enforce-ment while pursuing a bachelor’s de-gree in criminal justice at the Univer-sity of Southern Mississippi, where he received the Most Outstanding Under-graduate Pursuing a Career in Law En-forcement Award. After graduating with honors from USM, Scott was hired by the former U.S. Customs Service, where he was an import specialist. After the September 11 terrorist at-tacks, Scott was selected to be a spe-cial agent with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement team at the De-partment of Homeland Security. There, he received numerous awards and cita-tions while he investigated successes that included preventing the export of radioactive material in Iraq and halt-ing an attempt to smuggle military aircraft parts to Pakistan, just to name a few examples. On January 25 of 2016, Scott was killed in the line of duty while con-ducting investigations to dismantle transnational criminal and terrorist organizations that threaten the United States. Scott will forever be in our hearts and minds. I want to thank his family for being here with us in the balcony. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BISHOP HENDRICKEN HIGH SCHOOL ACA-DEMIC DECATHLON TEAM (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.031 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4214 May 16, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Bishop Hendricken High School’s Academic Decathlon team, the Division II winners of the United States Academic Decathlon Na-tional Competition. The team consists of Mitchell Boyer, Ryan Brady, Darragh Harkin, Steven Huang, Jaidan Idarraga, Connor Milson, Cory Morris, Alden Pratt, and Dylan Temel. They spent countless hours studying and, on April 22, their hard work paid off. Led by Coach Sister Carol Ann Murray, they won an im-pressive 12 gold, 8 silver, and 11 bronze medals and became the first Rhode Is-land team to win their division at the national competition. The students’ dedication and scho-lastic abilities have made Bishop Hendricken, my alma mater, and the whole State of Rhode Island extremely proud. Mr. Speaker, they have shown the vast academic potential of Rhode Is-land students, and I congratulate them on this great accomplishment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize police officers and our law enforcement community during Na-tional Police Week. It is these brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day for us and for our communities; and it is a special time to remember those who have fallen in the line of duty who have actually made the ultimate sacrifice. Police officers from around the country are gathering this week at the national memorial as a part of that remem-brance. We must also never forget that serv-ing in law enforcement is a family af-fair and requires strength and dedica-tion from loved ones as well. As a member of the Law Enforcement Caucus, I know that our communities are better served, and served well, thanks to the unwavering commitment from our police officers who take on countless risks for other people and not just themselves. The badge is not just a symbol of authority but one of self-lessness and commitment to the great-er good. Mr. Speaker, we owe so much to these police officers for the many dif-ficult decisions and situations that they face every day, and we thank them for keeping us safe. 
f 
NOW IS THE TIME TO ACT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, today we learned that former FBI Director James Comey documented his conversations with President Trump in a series of memos. In one memo, Mr. Comey claims that, after clearing the room, President Trump asked him to end the investigation of General Mi-chael Flynn. If true, this assault on the rule of law would be a violation of our democracy unseen since Watergate. What comes next is uncertain, but in-vestigations into this matter must begin, as those into the President’s Russia ties must continue. All the Comey memos should be turned over to Congress. Any unclassified memos should be released to the public, and President Trump should submit to in-vestigators any tapes with which he threatened Mr. Comey. Lastly, Con-gress and the American public must hear Mr. Comey testify publicly and under oath. The time has come when silence is no longer denial, it becomes complicity. Now is the time to act, and to do other-wise is only to delay the truth. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
HONORING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS DURING POLICE WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, tens of thousands of law enforcement officers from across the country arrived in Washington for National Police Week. Established by a joint resolution of Congress in 1962, National Police Week pays special recognition to those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety and protection of others. Na-tional Police Week is a collaborative effort of many organizations dedicated to honoring America’s law enforcement community. The National Peace Officers’ Memo-rial Service took place on Monday as the Nation paused to remember officers who made the ultimate sacrifice. A candlelight vigil hosted Saturday evening recognized nearly 400 fallen of-ficers. This week honors the men and women in blue who gave everything to protect their country and their com-munities. Earlier this year, Pennsylvania mourned the loss of 23-year-old State Trooper Landon Weaver, who was killed in the line of duty on December 30, 2016. Our officers put on their uniforms each day knowing that they can be in harm’s way at any moment. On behalf of a grateful nation, thank you to all of our officers who serve. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, this year, the American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers once again gave America’s infrastructure a D-plus rat-ing. During Infrastructure Week, I must highlight the need for action and in-vestment in our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. Our roads, bridges, and waterways are neither Republican nor Democrat; they belong to all of us. From the New Deal to the Federal interstate highways, infrastructure projects have traditionally enjoyed broad bipartisan support and leader-ship. Improving and maintaining our 21st century transportation system creates access and opportunities for all, allowing for job creation, economic growth, and fostering innovation. As we continue to wait for the Presi-dent to put forth a plan and true ef-forts toward investment in our Na-tion’s crumbling infrastructure, we bear witness to hundreds of millions of dollars in lost economic productivity and a threat to the safety and security of our Nation. It is time to build. It is time to in-vest in America. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as we know, this week is National Police Week. With many officers coming from all over the country to Washington, D.C., it is an opportunity for all of us to show our support for our local law enforcement at home by thanking them for all they do to keep us safe in our communities. I recognize all the men and women in uniform in my own district in northern California and across the country who sacrifice to protect and serve our com-munities each day. We can’t allow these sacrifices to go quietly unnoticed either. Last year, 135 officers never made it home to their families or their loved ones. In California, 11 officers lost their lives in 2016, one of which was from my district in northern California. Sheriff Deputy Jack Hopkins of Modoc County Sheriff’s Department was murdered while responding to a disturbance call at a rural property a few miles south of Alturas, California. His watch ended on Wednesday, Octo-ber 19, 2016. Jack’s killer is rightfully facing the death penalty in California; and this week, the House of Representatives is voting on the Thin Blue Line Act, which adds the murder of a law en-forcement officer, firefighter, or first responder, as an aggravated factor for a jury to consider in deciding whether to impose the death penalty in Federal capital cases. The murder of a Federal law enforce-ment officer is already an aggravated factor under current law. Now we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.032 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4215 May 16, 2017 
taking action to ensure that those who harm local and State law enforcement officers are brought to justice as well. We have to send this clear message: We cannot tolerate this under any cir-cumstances. 
f 
b1915 54TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL DAY (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 54th anniversary of Peace Officers Memorial Day, so I rise tonight to pay tribute to the law en-forcement officers from Florida who were killed in the line of duty last year. Today we remember them and honor them for their service and dedication: Deputy Sheriff Eric James Oliver from the Nassau County Sheriff’s Office; Major Jorge Sanchez from the Miami Police Department; Deputy Sheriff Mi-chael Scott Williams from the Taylor County Sheriff’s Office; Sergeant Jorge Ramos from the Florida Department of Corrections; Deputy Sheriff John Rob-ert Kotfila, Jr., of the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office; Police Officer Henry Malcolm McAleenan, Jr., of the Miami-Dade Police Department; and, as you have already heard tonight, Special Agent J. Scott McGuire of U.S. Homeland Security Investigations. Mr. Speaker, we remember these brave men and pray for their families and the countless others who have mourned their loss. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO LADY EAGLES SOFTBALL TEAM (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, it all start-ed 11 years ago: The Lady Eagles from Fort Bend Baptist Academy won their first Texas State softball title. Years later, the name was changed to Fort Bend Christian Academy, but the dy-nasty had been born. The Lady Eagles won their sixth Texas title last week by defeating Dallas Christian School with a score of 6–2. One word can describe the Lady Ea-gles’ playoff run: domination. In the last four games, they scored 37 runs, their opponents only 2. Our four sen-iors—Claire, Lauren, Danielle, and Kendall—have set us up to make his-tory: our third straight Texas title in 2018. We will honor them as we honor the Lord. Congratulations, Eagles. 
f 
PRESIDENT SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO FIRE FBI DIRECTOR (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, why did President Trump fire FBI Director Comey? He called Comey a ‘‘showboat’’ and ‘‘grandstander’’ and said he was going to fire him regardless of the rationale outlined by the Deputy Attorney General. He justified firing Comey, who was leading the investiga-tion into Michael Flynn and Russian interference in our elections, by saying it ‘‘is a made-up story.’’ But the President’s political removal of Comey without any legal or ethical reason shatters the idea that the FBI is independent and insulated from par-tisan politics. The President should not be able to fire the FBI Director for po-litical or personal reasons. That is why, today, I introduced leg-islation to raise the standard for the President to dismiss the FBI Director. Congress placed similar restrictions on the President’s power to remove mem-bers of the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, the Director of the CFBP, and special counsels. The FBI should be no different. Congress cannot continue to be a rubberstamp for this administration. Let’s uphold our constitutional respon-sibility to hold the President account-able. f 
COMMENDING COMFORT CREW FOR MILITARY KIDS FOR THEIR EFFORTS (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor a nonprofit organi-zation in Austin for their outstanding achievements. The Comfort Crew for Military Kids develops and delivers programs to help support the children in our Gold Star families who serve around the world. This month, the organization is cele-brating their 10th anniversary. As a Congressman from Fort Hood, the larg-est military base, Comfort Crew for Military Kids holds a very special place in my heart. For too long, military families have faced constant struggles and have had few places to turn. The Comfort Crew helps provide relief for these American families who sacrifice so much for our country. I have personally met with Comfort Crew both in Washington and, just last month, in Austin, Texas. While I was in Austin, I was fortunate enough to lend a hand, assembling care packages for the military children whose parents are deployed. These care packages may not seem like much in comparison to what these kids are giving up in re-turn; however, they provide some com-fort and solace. Mr. Speaker, I would like to com-mend the Comfort Crew for their self-less efforts. They have had an impact on over 1 million military family mem-bers. In this unstable world, it is vital that we support these military families that give so much to us. I am proud to represent this organi-zation and will continue to do every-thing I can to ensure our military chil-dren receive the support they need and the support they deserve. In God we trust. f 
HONORING LAW ENFORCEMENT AND FIRST RESPONDERS (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the men and women who protect our families, our streets, and our communities. Fifty-five years ago, President Ken-nedy proclaimed May 15 National Po-lice Week. Each year, Americans come together to honor our law enforcement professionals and remember those who have made the ultimate sacrifice while protecting our families and our com-munities. I remember that infamous day, 9/11, when thousands were running away from burning and crumbling buildings; yet, at the same time, our police and first responders ran into the same burning and crumbling buildings to save lives. These brave men and women knew that they were running to certain death. Every day, police leave their homes knowing full well that they may not return that evening. Every day, they have our backs. It is our job to make sure that they know that we have theirs. 
f 
CONVINCE CHINA TO REIN IN NORTH KOREA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, like a character out of Looney Tunes, the incorrigible little Kim of North Korea and his minions can’t stop rattling their sabers. New satellite images show a pro-longed and heightened level of activity at North Korea’s underground nuclear site. Since coming into power, little Kim has continually defied U.N. sanc-tions and increased testing of missiles and nuclear weapons. Just this last weekend, North Korea illegally launched yet another men-acing ballistic missile. North Korea plans to develop submarines from which to launch these missiles towards the United States. Despite little Kim’s Wile E. Coyote antics, the United States cannot under-estimate the war-prone lunacy of Kim Jong-un. Even our old Deputy Sec-retary of State recently warned that little Kim’s weapon capabilities have shown improvement within the past year, resulting in ‘‘unprecedented level of activity.’’ The last administration’s appease-ment policy of North Korea and its strategic patience has failed. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.034 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4216 May 16, 2017 
United States must cripple North Ko-rea’s regime with multiple sanctions. We must convince China that it is in their interest to rein in their puppet state of North Korea, and quickly de-ploy the new THAAD missile systems throughout the region and in Asia. And that is just the way it is, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
BRING BACK ALL CHIBOK GIRLS (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on May 6, Nigerian Government offi-cials announced the release of 82 Chibok schoolgirls who have been held captive by Boko Haram since April 20, 2014. I couldn’t believe it. It is truly, truly a reason for celebra-tion, and I thank each and every Mem-ber of this House who has shown sup-port for this extremely endless cause. Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled for the families whose daughters were among the 82 released, but we cannot forget that there are still 113 waiting to be freed. Nigerian President Buhari has vowed to bring them all home. When we began this fight, the lives of more than 200 girls were at stake. Slowly but surely, we are making progress. The release of the 82 under-scores why we cannot give up. We have to keep pushing and pressing, doing ev-erything we can to ensure that this fight doesn’t end until the last girl has returned home. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Wear Something Red Wednesday, and I hope that this news will compel every Mem-ber of Congress to wear something red and show his or her support for the #bringbackourgirls movement. Women of Congress, wear your red scarf, a gift for Valentine’s Day from Congresswoman D
INGELL . Men of Con-gress, wear a red tie, Republicans and Democrats, and tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK AND RECAP OF FIFTH ANNUAL FIRST RESPONDERS TOUR (Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Na-tional Police Week and to thank these brave men and women for their service and sacrifice to their communities. Our law enforcement and first re-sponders run toward the danger when, ofttimes, we are running away from it. There is no way we can ever truly say ‘‘thank you’’ for their willingness to serve. Last week, I held my fifth annual first responders tour to thank them for their dedication to the communities of South Carolina and beyond. The tour consisted of five of the counties I rep-resent: Newberry, Saluda, Edgefield, McCormick, and Greenwood. I can tell you that their expertise, focus, and commitment are unmatched. I visited the facilities and met with the men and women that are on the first line of defense, the ones who are so critical to the safety of our citizens. These folks encounter dangerous and life-threatening situations that require critical, on-the-spot decisionmaking, but they never second-guess answering that call and going towards the un-known to help those in need. I hope that events like National Po-lice Week and first responders tours en-courage more people to learn about the unique challenges that face these he-roes every day. It is important for our law enforcement and first responders to know that their hard work and sac-rifice is greatly appreciated. Thank you to all those that serve and have served. They are truly heroes, and we are grateful for their service to make us safe. May God bless these heroes, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. f 
BACK THE BLUE AND FIRST RESPONDERS (Mr. M
CCAUL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, this week we honor the brave men and women who make it their life’s duty to protect and defend our citizens, our Nation, and our way of life. Police officers across the country wake up every morning unaware of the challenges they may face, the threats they must overcome, and the lives they will affect and protect in the process. The badge officers don is a symbol of their altruism and their devotion to the common good. I believe in ‘‘Back-ing the Blue’’ and visit first responders throughout my district in Texas to ex-press my unyielding support. America’s police officers represent the best in all of us and are the finest our country has to offer. For their service, their sacrifice, and their self-lessness, we are eternally thankful. 
f 
PRESIDENT’S BREACH OF INTELLIGENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I too rise to honor this week of cele-brating our police officers and hope to be able to speak about their bravery throughout the week. But I am overwhelmed and shocked at the actions of the President of the United States to have yielded classified information into code-word intel-ligence inside a room with the Foreign Minister of Russia and the Ambas-sador. It is well known that Ambassador Kislyak is reportedly considered by the U.S. intelligence community to be one of Russia’s top spies and a central fig-ure in the FBI investigation into Rus-sia’s collusion with Trump campaign officials during the 2016 Presidential election, along with the downfall of General Flynn. This is an absolutely unacceptable way for a President to act. Mr. President, you have jeopardized the lives of the American people; you have jeopardized the lives of intel-ligence assets around the world; and you have breached the liaison relation-ship that we have had with many of our allies. This needs to have a full investiga-tion, besides a number of tools of the commission, a special prosecutor. This Judiciary Committee on the House side needs to stand up and have full hear-ings regarding the investigation of these horrific actions, violations that may breach on high crimes and mis-demeanors. It is shocking that the day after the Presi-dent fired FBI Director Comey to impede the Bureau’s investigation of the Trump cam-paign’s ties to the Russian agents and entities that interfered in the 2016 presidential elec-tion, we learn that the President recklessly dis-closed classified and highly sensitive informa-tion to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak at a meeting held at the re-quest of Russian President Vladimir Putin. Ambassador Kislyak is reportedly consid-ered by the U.S. intelligence community to be one of Russia’s top spies and a central figure in the FBI investigation into Russia’s collusion with Trump campaign officials during the 2016 U.S. presidential election. And yet, the President thought it appropriate to disclose to him classified information that had not even been shared with some of our allies. The President’s disclosure of classified and highly sensitive information may have severely compromised a U.S. intelligence partner. But rather than provide a more thorough ex-planation for the President’s actions, his surro-gates are engaged in a bait and switch, feign-ing outrage over leaks when the President’s loose lips are responsible for the crisis he has created for our nation and for himself. Every day the President gives the nation an-other reason to question his judgment, doubt his word, mistrust his motives, or question his capacity and competence to manage the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States. The American people deserve better. Beginning with the creation of an inde-pendent bipartisan commission to investigate President Trump’s ties to Russia and the ap-pointment of an independent special counsel to investigate the Trump campaign’s ties to the Russian agents and entities that interfered in the 2016 presidential election. And Congress must take seriously its over-sight responsibilities, and its oath to uphold the Constitution, and be a check on the ex-cesses of the Executive Branch. 
f 
b1930 HONORING THE SERVICE OF OUR NATION’S POLICE OFFICERS (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.036 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4217 May 16, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the courage and commitment of our policemen and -women across this great country. Every day, individuals donning the po-lice shield risk their lives to protect and serve our local communities. Having served as a Federal organized crime prosecutor for 20 years, I have had the distinct pleasure and honor of working with countless police organi-zations across this country, including in my hometown, such as the Syracuse Police Department, the Syracuse Gang Violence Task Force, and the Onon-daga County Sheriff’s Department, among many others. Together, we worked to make Syracuse safer by going after drug and gang organiza-tions that plague our community. While I now proudly represent New York’s 24th Congressional District, their mission continues. I am elated that this body will con-sider two bills, the Thin Blue Line Act and the Probation Officer Protection Act, that will help protect these indi-viduals who protect us every day. Fur-ther, I have a bill that will be debated tomorrow. This bill will help fusion centers disseminate information to our policemen and -women as they con-tinue to tackle new and adapting threats across this country. Again, I would like to thank all our Nation’s police officers and honor them this day for their dutiful service. 
f 
POLICE WEEK (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the law enforcement com-munity, I rise today to recognize the service and the profound commitment of our police officers around our great Nation. The dedication and sacrifice of our blue line deserves to be respected every day. National Police Week gives us all the opportunity to stand together in support for those in blue and to recom-mit ourselves to the ideals and laws of our Nation that they are tasked to up-hold. National Police Week is a special time to unite nationwide to honor those who sacrifice so much to protect our neighborhoods and our loved ones. To those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty, we as a na-tion stand eternally grateful. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recog-nize National Police Week 2017 and to join with the millions of proud Ameri-cans throughout our country to thank our law enforcement members for their continued service and sacrifice. 
f 
POLICE WEEK (Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise unscripted and sober in respectful support for my brothers and sisters of the thin blue line from sea to shining sea. These men and women be-hind the badge rise each day and serve each night as we work and as we slum-ber, sure to face dangers unknown, cer-tain to face enemies unseen, and some-times to be completely unappreciated. This week, we recognize them and we celebrate them. To my brothers and sisters of the thin blue line, please hear that your support within this body is unwavering and shall not falter. God bless you, one and all. f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this is Infrastructure Week. Infrastructure. Can you imagine Con-gress actually talking about building things that America needs, like roads, high-speed internet, and maybe a few ports and ships and high-speed trains from here to there? It is Infrastructure Week. Mr. Presi-dent, you promised us a trillion-dollar infrastructure bill; however, you seem to be occupied on a few other things. So we will be understanding and just kind of take up the issue here and talk about it and see if we can move this issue forward since we really haven’t heard from the administration on your trillion-dollar program. Let’s talk about some of the ele-ments of it today. I am going to start with a really old placard that we have used now for 7 years. We call this the Make It In America agenda, and it has been something that Mr. H
OYER of Maryland and I and many others on the Democratic side of the aisle have been talking about for some time. We talk about trade; tax policy; energy policy; and labor issues, such as the Davis- Bacon Act that guarantees that we are not going to have a rush to the bottom, but that we are going to hold up the working men and women that are mak-ing things in America, like roads and bridges; education; research; and not at the bottom, but always important, in-frastructure. So today we talk about infrastruc-ture. As we do so, I want us to always keep in mind that infrastructure offers an incredible opportunity for America to do more than just lay down con-crete, more than just putting asphalt on a road or a pipe in the ground. Infra-structure offers an opportunity for us to rebuild the American manufacturing sector. There are many different ways we can do that. For example, if we are going to build locomotives for the eastern corridor of the Amtrak system here in the United States, new electric locomotives. Way back when, some of us do remember the Great Recession and the effort of this Congress—then controlled by the Democrats—to jump-start, to rebuild the American economy. In what was the stimulus legislation there was a piece of it that called for, I think, $700 million or $800 million for about 80 new electric locomotives for Amtrak. Some brilliant staffer wrote into it: 100 per-cent American made. Guess what. Siemens, a German com-pany, said, Oh, a $700 million, $800 mil-lion contract to make a bunch of loco-motives; we can do that. So, in Sac-ramento, California, they expanded their little trolly plant and made it into a locomotive plant. They have now built all of those 100 percent American made. So when we talk about infrastruc-ture—in this case, the Amtrak sys-tem—it can be made in America. Man-ufacturing matters. To get down to the details here of what infrastructure is all about, inter-national trade is critical to the Amer-ican economy. Unfortunately, we are running a trade deficit. All of that trade—about 90 percent of it, actu-ally—comes through the ports of Amer-ica. So when you talk about infrastruc-ture, you have got to talk about the ports. Harbor maintenance is a particular program that has been in existence for a long time. It is a tax on every cargo container that arrives in the United States in ports and is basically used for dredging. My colleague and I, who will joining me in a few moments from the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, made a little change here. We said that money can’t just go for the support of the Treasury and the deficit, but, rather, it must be used on harbor maintenance. We expanded the defini-tion of harbor maintenance to include on the wharf and related issues. But when we talk about infrastruc-ture, much of that infrastructure will start at the great ports on the West Coast up in Seattle and the Puget Sound and San Francisco Bay. Don’t let me forget about Oregon. They have got some great ports in Oregon. Then, of course, the busiest port in America— well, probably among the busiest ports—L.A.-Long Beach Port in Cali-fornia. Infrastructure. Are the American ports ready for tomorrow’s inter-national commerce? The answer is: Not really. The Panama Canal has been ex-panded and now we have ships called Panamax ships and super Panamax ships, all of which require that our ports be upgraded. The channel has deepened. The wharf has expanded. The number of containers that can be han-dled at any one time increased. So you have got the channel deep-ening, wharves that need to be made, docks, the rest, and all of the cranes and all of the movement necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.039 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4218 May 16, 2017 
handle these ships that have thousands upon thousands of containers, all of which have to be unloaded quickly. I want to begin with the infrastruc-ture issue at the ports, but there is more to it than that. It is the ships that arrive at the ports. The United States used to have a great maritime industry. At the end of World War II, there were more than 1,500 American-flagged and American- built ships. Over the years, we have seen a continuing decline in that. We had 500 about 20 years ago, and today, less than 80 ships are American- flagged. We do have the Jones Act, which is extremely important. That is for the domestic shipping. Those are Amer-ican-flagged and American-built ships, but those are all domestic. The inter-continental ships—what they call the Blue Ocean Ships—are not made in America anymore, but they could be. This is where I want to take this dis-cussion. I want to take this discussion back to another part of the infrastruc-ture. Remember, I was talking to you about the trains, the locomotives made in America and really rebuilding the American locomotive industry in Cali-fornia with a German company, Sie-mens, building those locomotives. Now, guess what. America is not en-ergy independent yet, but we are on our way to that. We would expect to be the third largest exporter of natural gas in the form of liquefied natural gas by 2020 and one of the world’s largest exporters of crude oil by 2025. As of today, none, nada, not any of that liq-uefied natural gas or oil will be on American-built ships. Don’t you think it ought to be the American policy that some of it should be on American-built ships with Amer-ican flags and American mariners? If you care about the national secu-rity, you should care about blue water shipbuilding in the United States. There are two bills that I am intro-ducing that go directly to this. The fundamental question is this: Will the LNG ships be made in China, Korea, Japan, or will they be made in America? American national security depends upon the U.S. Navy and the ability to build ships in the United States. Right now, the great oceangoing ships on the commercial side are not built in the United States and our ship-yards are losing the trained men and women, from naval architects to weld-ers and steamfitters, and on and on, that can build these ships. What we need to do is to reenergize the American shipbuilding industry and the infrastructure that goes with it by passing legislation that we call the Energizing American Maritime Act and energizing the American shipbuilding industry, all part of an infrastructure package that includes the ports, the docks, the trains and trucks that ar-rive there, multimedia, and on the water itself—American-built ships with American sailors providing at least some of the export potential that is in the process of being achieved. Liquefied natural gas. We would ex-pect to have more than 100 ships mov-ing that LNG from American ports to somewhere around the world—mostly China, Japan, India, and Europe. b1945 But right now it will be zero unless we pass a bill—16 lines of law—that say: Build it in America; make it in America, American mariners, Amer-ican ships. We can do this as part of a large, tril-lion-dollar infrastructure package— ships on the ocean and ports in Amer-ica that are capable of handling the largest ships in the world, docks that are capable of quickly unloading these ships in an efficient, effective manner, rail yards that move the goods out of the ports and into the ports for export, and the trucks that move across the highways, all of this, part of an infra-structure package, just one piece of a much larger issue. Now, joining me tonight in our little discussion is an extraordinary Rep-resentative from the great State of Connecticut who has now taken a lead-ership position on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee as vice ranking member, E
LIZABETH ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , for our shared commit-ment to American manufacturing and to ensure that, once again, America will be the envy of the world for a fan-tastic infrastructure and transpor-tation system. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), who is my friend and colleague, to continue our discussion on this the second day of National Infrastructure Week to talk about the tremendous need that we have in this country to do a better job to ensure our citizens get to work on time and safely and get home in the same way. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY) for allowing me this time to engage the American peo-ple in a subject that is crucial to the economy of this Nation and for the citizens that use transportation throughout this country. I think Mr. G
ARAMENDI really gave us the bang in terms of looking at the rail situation. That is an area that I also am going to speak on. Let me say that, with every day that passes, the need for Federal infrastruc-ture investment grows more and more urgent. Robust and reliable infrastruc-ture is the foundation for economic success and security. But for too long, the United States has underinvested in our infrastructure, and this once vi-brant foundation has crumbled. Yesterday, in my district, I took a visit with Amtrak to the 107-year-old Portal Bridge that carries about 450 trains and thousands of passengers over the Hackensack River in New Jer-sey every weekday. It is a major bot-tleneck along the Northeast corridor, the Nation’s busiest rail line. This rail line goes through New Jersey—well, ac-tually, it starts here in Washington and will travel to Boston. So it travels through Connecticut as well. But we have a major bottleneck in New Jersey. This old infrastructure, this 107-year- old bridge, is really outdated machin-ery because this bridge over the river has to spin on a turret when there are barges coming through. Normally it gets stuck. The replacement of the bridge is a key component of the $23.9 billion Gateway program, a comprehen-sive rail investment program to double rail capacity between New Jersey and New York City. According to a recent study released by Amtrak, the program could gen-erate $3.87 worth of economic benefit for every $1 invested. New Jersey and New York have agreed to contribute $750 million towards the estimated $1.5 billion costs for the Portal Bridge project. But the program will not be able to move forward without Federal investment. President Trump’s pro-posal to zero out the New Starts pro-grams threatens to derail the overall Gateway program and the Portal Bridge project along with it. America’s infrastructure is failing. Now is the time to build the infrastruc-ture that we need to grow our econ-omy, keep America safe, and become more competitive. Every dollar of in-frastructure investment means another $3 of economic growth. America’s infra-structure needs could be met, and then some, for a fraction of the cost of the President’s tax plan—which is esti-mated to increase the deficit by $3 tril-lion to $7 trillion over the next dec-ade—while contributing immensely to economic growth. Mr. Speaker, we see what is hap-pening across this Nation. We have seen what has happened when bridges crumble, poor infrastructure and tun-nels, and it is time for this Nation to invest, once again, in its infrastructure if it wants to remain the beacon in the world for economic growth. I would like to thank the gentle-woman, once again, for allowing me this opportunity to talk about a crit-ical topic. If no one hears this call, we are doomed in terms of our infrastruc-ture. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of National Infrastructure Week. I do this proudly as the daughter and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.040 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4219 May 16, 2017 
granddaughter of civil engineers—men who built bridges, roads, airports, and dams all across this country and all across the world. However, Mr. Speak-er, sadly, today I need to recognize that America is not getting a good grade in infrastructure. In fact, just this last month, the American Society of Civil Engineers gave America’s in-frastructure a grade of D-plus. Now, before we despair, we can be happy it is not as bad as 4 years ago when it was a D. But there is no parent in America who will cheer when their child comes home and says: I made it all the way from a D to a D-plus. America can and must do better, and this Congress needs to fulfill its duty under the Constitution and under the basic tenets of what a government is supposed to do by meeting the needs of the American people. There is no bet-ter time than now, and there is no bet-ter place than here, in the people’s House, for us to take up this call be-cause, at the end of the day, infrastruc-ture is about jobs. It is about putting people to work right now replacing those bridges, roads, dams, airports, and rails. But, more importantly, it is about getting people to work safely and on time tomorrow and getting home in time to see the soccer game. So we are going to go through, a lit-tle bit, some of what these grades were. So the composite grade of D-plus is made up of roads, D; and bridges, C- plus. Many Americans will remember an August night 10 years ago in 2007, in the Twin Cities. People were driving across a heavily traveled bridge on I– 35. The bridge collapsed, sending people crashing down into the river. Twenty Americans lost their lives when that bridge collapsed. In my own State of Connecticut, peo-ple remember when the Mianus River Bridge collapsed on I–95, the major backbone of the entire Northeast cor-ridor. Fortunately, the bridge collapsed in the middle of the night, and only three people died. Had it been during the middle of the day, that number would have been far higher. Mr. Speaker, America should not wait, nor should this Congress wait, until bridges collapse or trains derail until we fix our aging infrastructure. It is the backbone of what government is supposed to do. Our roads are congested. In 2014, en-gineers estimated that congestion cost American commuters $160 billion in a single year. For the average commuter in an urban area, that was 42 hours of their lives—a full workweek. So it is not just dollars and aggravation, it is polluted air, and it is broken axles. But it is also time, which for many Ameri-cans is the most valuable thing we have. We want to see our families. We work hard in this country, and we in Congress should be working harder to make sure that our hardworking people we represent can get home on time to see their families. So that is where we are. That is where we are with bridges and roads. I had a constituent come up to me in the nearby city of Waterbury last week. We were looking at an aging infrastructure intersection. She said: 
I came over here just to tell you that I hit such a big pothole last week. I have got a couple-hundred-dollar repair bill for my car, and I don’t have the money to pay for it. You have got to tell those people in Washington we need to fix things so I don’t have to worry about a pothole ruining my car and making me unable to pay my bills. 
Mr. Speaker, too many of our bridges are structurally deficient—almost 4 in 10 of our bridges. Thirty-nine percent are 50 years old or older. That is the structural lifespan of a bridge—50 years. I drive across some of those every single day, and nearly 10 percent of the Nation’s bridges are graded structurally deficient. Just to say, they are really not safe. It is not just bridges and roads that are in dire need of repairs. We also have our rail system. We saw from my colleague, Mr. P
AYNE , that rail systems are a problem. Our transit systems are in desperate need of upgrade. Passenger rail, we don’t even have a full estimate of what that would take to bring it up to speed. We have passenger rail that runs through Connecticut; 100,000 peo-ple commute every single day. The commute right now from New Haven, Connecticut, to New York City is as long as it was 100 years ago. Surely America can do better. It is not just passenger rail and freight rail. We should say a good word about freight rail here. Freight rail is the reason we are up from a D-plus to a D. Freight has moved up to a B, so we can be glad about freight’s grade this past year. We also have airports. Now, I don’t know how many of you have been through airports recently. If you have, you might even be surprised they are up to a D and not lower than that. American airports are congested. Many of them are aging and are in need of significant work. Congestion at air-ports is growing. Twenty-four of the top 30 airports in the U.S. are experi-encing the ‘‘Thanksgiving-peak traffic volume’’ once a week. That used to be a term that was used once a year. American airports across the country are serving 2 million passengers a year. I can tell you about a recent time I landed in LaGuardia Airport in New York. It used to be considered one of the Nation’s shining examples. People came and arrived in LaGuardia and were amazed and impressed with this great country. b2000 One of the last times I was in LaGuardia Airport, I was greeted by a blue plastic tarp duct-taped to the ceil-ing inside the terminal, funneled down into a 30-gallon trash can to collect the water that was leaking through the terminal. That is not the way a great country greets its own citizens, or any others, to one of the world’s great cit-ies. In addition to the work we need to do on our airports, we have our water in-frastructure. This is our clean water system, and it is also our wastewater system. According to the most recent Clean Watersheds Needs Survey, the EPA reports that the total wastewater and storm water treatment capital needs in the next 25 years is $271 bil-lion; yet the Federal Government has been contributing less and less to that growing need to make sure that our rivers and streams and waterways are clean. All of America saw, last year, what happened when one single community, Flint, Michigan, failed to add a single corrosion-prevention agent to its clean water and ended up literally poisoning its children with lead. It is time for America to do better. There are costs when we don’t invest in this country. I like to think of it more or less like the roof on America’s house. Now, many of you may know it is pretty exciting when you put an addi-tion on your house, but it is not excit-ing to replace your roof; but if you don’t replace your roof and it keeps leaking, ultimately, you lose the entire house. The ceiling collapses. That is where we are as a country right now. We have stopped fixing America’s roof. We have stopped it in bridges and roads. We have stopped in it airports and rail. It is time for us to get going. I will tell you that I am encouraged by reports coming from the new admin-istration about making a serious com-mitment to invest in America’s infra-structure, but there are some things that we need to keep in mind when we are talking about American infrastruc-ture. One is to remember that it used to be called by another name. It used to be called public works. There is a reason it was public works. There is a reason it wasn’t private works. So I think it is certainly appro-priate that we look to do public-private partnerships, to leverage the power of private investors to fix some of our aging infrastructure, and to build some new infrastructure. But we should make no mistake: This country became great, it was trans-formed by the Interstate Highway Sys-tem, literally linking America from end to end. But we cannot expect, nor should we think, that the basic public infrastructure of America is going to be able to be outsourced to financiers in New York City. If that were the case, they would have already done it. These are basic public works where we need real dollar investments, and I can assure the administration there are many of us in Congress who are ready to move forward with that. When we are talking about infra-structure, there is another piece I like to remind people we need, because part of infrastructure is moving goods and services, getting people to work and back, getting things to markets and things they want to buy and put on the table. But the 21st century is going to be built on information, and informa-tion is what is moving most in this so-ciety and creating much of the value. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.041 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4220 May 16, 2017 
So if we need information, that means we need energy and we need internet everywhere. So in addition to infrastructure and transportation, we need to have infostructure. We need to have reliable, cybersecure, sustainable energy systems across America, and we need to have internet available for every single American to participate in this exciting new economy. So we have infrastructure, we have infostructure, and we have public works. Mr. Speaker, the roof of America’s house is leaking. The time is now for this body, the people’s House, to come together to work on real transpor-tation and infrastructure bills. We have dozens of them that are available in the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee and other committees. But the time has passed; the time has passed for us to wait, to pass the buck, to delay fixing the roof because the leaks are getting worse. The American people are suffering. When it is your family that is on the bridge that is structurally deficient, you would want, if your family crosses that bridge every day, you would want to make sure that it gets fixed and not wait until it falls down. This is the sort of basic function gov-ernment used to do without a question. It is what used to happen in this Cham-ber because people didn’t care whether there was a D or an R after their name. Bridges and roads don’t have D’s or R’s after their names. They are not affili-ated with political parties, nor should they be. It is time for us to do our jobs and set aside whatever partisan bick-ering there may be in other venues. On this, on bridges and roads, rail systems and dams, water infrastruc-ture and infostructure, I ask my col-leagues to please join me—join all of us—and make this, National Infra-structure Week, the start of the 115th Congress’ commitment to do right by the American people, to make these in-vestments, to do the sort of com-promise and negotiation that this body is supposed to be doing to meet the needs of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of travel delays. Mr. N
EWHOUSE (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week on account of a death in the family. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week. Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: S. 1083. An act to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 17, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. 1358. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, a let-ter from the Acting Assistant Sec-retary, Strategy, Plans, and Capabili-ties, Department of Defense, transmit-ting an amendment to a report, was taken from the Speaker’s table, re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 2169. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to enhance infor-mation sharing in the Department of Home-land Security State, Local, and Regional Fu-sion Center Initiative, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–120). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 2213. A bill to amend the Anti- Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–121). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 2281. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Border Enforcement Security Task Force program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–122). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1715. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–123). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-culture. H.R. 1177. A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Agriculture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands conveyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–124). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-culture. H.R. 2154. A bill to rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricultural Research Center; with an amendment (Rept. 115–125). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 323. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 115) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide addi-tional aggravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the status of the victim (Rept. 115–126). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 324. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1039) to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers au-thority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of official duties (Rept. 115–127). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 2423. A bill to implement certain measures relating to management of Wash-ington County, Utah, required by Public Law 111-11; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 2424. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to issue new resource manage-ment plans applicable to the Beaver Dam Wash National Conservation Area and the Red Cliffs National Conservation Area and a new amendment to the St. George Field Of-fice Resource Management Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2425. A bill to support the establish-ment and improvement of communications sites on or adjacent to Federal lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Agriculture through the retention and use of rental fees associ-ated with such sites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 2426. A bill to require the disclosure of beneficial ownership by a foreign person of high-security space leased to accommodate a Federal agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 2427. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to direct the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforce-ment to produce and disseminate an annual catalog on Department of Homeland Secu-rity training, publications, programs, and services for State, local, and tribal law en-forcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16MY7.043 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4221 May 16, 2017 
NORCROSS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. P
OCAN ): H.R. 2428. A bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to clarify when the time period for the issuance of citations under such Act begins and to require a rule to clarify that an employer’s duty to make and maintain accurate records of work-re-lated injuries and illnesses is an ongoing ob-ligation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. D
UFFY , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 2429. A bill to support businesses in Puerto Rico, improve health funding for Puerto Rico, and promote security in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, the Judi-ciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Education and the Workforce, and Appro-priations, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas): H.R. 2430. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 2431. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve immigration law enforcement within the interior of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-bama, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICE of Georgia, Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F ASO, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. E MMER , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. W
ALBERG ): H.R. 2432. A bill to amend the Volunteer Organization Protection Act of 1997, to pro-vide for liability protection for organizations or entities; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 2433. A bill to direct the Under Sec-retary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis to develop and disseminate a threat assessment regarding terrorist use of virtual currency; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. MITCHELL (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P
ANETTA , and Mr. D UNN): H.R. 2434. A bill to establish a postsec-ondary student data system; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself and Mr. MASSIE ): H.R. 2435. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prevent unjust and irrational criminal punishments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. PINGREE (for herself, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , and Mr. P ANETTA ): H.R. 2436. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to reauthorize the organic agriculture re-search and extension initiative; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. W
ILLIAMS ): H.R. 2437. A bill to protect law enforce-ment officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. L
AMALFA , and Mr. M CKINLEY ): H.R. 2438. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to prohibit any regulation under such Act concerning the emissions of carbon diox-ide from a fossil fuel-fired electric gener-ating unit from taking effect until the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency makes certain certifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 2439. A bill to require reporting re-garding certain drug price increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself and Ms. J
AYAPAL ): H.R. 2440. A bill to require the President to report to the Treasury and make publicly available past business transactions with foreign countries exceeding $10,000 and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 2441. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to include an additional permissible use of amounts provided as grants under the Byrne JAG program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 2442. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require an annual re-port on the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement; to the Committee on Home-land Security, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2443. A bill to require an inventory of all facilities certified by the Department of Homeland Security to host infrastructure or systems classified above the Secret level, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 2444. A bill to create an alternative prosecutor for certain Federal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 2445. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a prior au-thorization process under the Medicare pro-gram for certain high cost durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and sup-plies; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 2446. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide that the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation may only be removed for cause, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. LEE, and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 2447. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to provide loans and grants for solar installations in low-income and underserved areas; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. M
ACARTHUR ): H.R. 2448. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission on the Advance-ment of Social Enterprise, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H.R. 2449. A bill to repeal the Congres-sional Review Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. S MITH of Mis-souri, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Ms. M
ENG): H.R. 2450. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the special ex-pensing rules for certain film, television, and live theatrical productions; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 2451. A bill to improve the structure of the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for her-self, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 2452. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to women veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2453. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Intel-ligence Rotational Assignment Program in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16MY7.100 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4222 May 16, 2017 
By Mr. HURD (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2454. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other in-formation of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 2455. A bill to prohibit Federal em-ployees from taking certain acts affecting a financial interest of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 2456. A bill to expressly provide for the extraterritorial application of the Fed-eral bribery and illegal gratuity statute to the President and other covered officials; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 2457. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 2458. A bill to make payments by the Department of Homeland Security to a State contingent on a State providing the Federal Bureau of Investigation with certain statis-tics, to require Federal agencies, depart-ments, and courts to provide such statistics to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and to require the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion to publish such statistics; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2459. A bill to require a threat assess-ment regarding the exploitation by transnational criminal organizations of the unaccompanied alien children services pro-gram within the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 2460. A bill to amend chapter 301 of title 49, United States Code, to improve ac-cess to motor vehicle information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 2461. A bill to expand the use of E- Verify, to hold employers accountable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 2462. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to assist States to rehabili-tate or replace certain bridges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2463. A bill to prohibit the sale of shark parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 2464. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS (for herself, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. R
OSKAM ): H.R. 2465. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable med-ical equipment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. E
MMER ): H.R. 2466. A bill to facilitate the expedited review of applications of aliens applying for admission to the United States under section 101(a)(15)(J) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act who are coming to the United States to participate in a program under which they will receive graduate medical education or training, require the Secretary of State to provide relevant Foreign Service officers with training regarding such aliens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 2467. A bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to permit the flag of the United States to be flown at half-staff in the event of the death of the Mayor of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 2468. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a homeland intelligence doctrine for the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Mr. M
AST, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H.R. 2469. A bill to establish a moratorium on oil and gas-related seismic activities off the coastline of the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for him-self and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2470. A bill to require an annual home-land threat assessment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 2471. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to share with State, local, and regional fusion centers release in-formation from a Federal correctional facil-ity, including name, charging date, and ex-pected place and date of release, of certain individuals who may pose a terrorist threat, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 2472. A bill to prohibit discrimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 2473. A bill to ensure compliance with the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, to make strides toward eradicating human trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself and Mr. BERA): H.R. 2474. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide an alternative standard for substantial equiva-lence determinations for devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself and Ms. J
AYAPAL ): H. Res. 325. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President should retain a protective pool of reporters for purposes of covering the offi-cial business of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAYNE: H. Res. 326. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of May 15 though 19, 2017, as Infrastructure Week; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OOPER , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. D ENT): H. Res. 327. A resolution recognizing the importance of vaccinations and immuniza-tions in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida): H. Res. 328. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 2423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 2424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16MY7.100 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4223 May 16, 2017 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or office there-of. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 2426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 2427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 2429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 2430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LABRADOR: H.R. 2431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 2432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 . . . ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 . . . ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 2433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 2434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 2435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 2436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-tion By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 2437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 2438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1: All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and amoung the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 2439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 2440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause—Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 2441. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 3 of Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 2442. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 2443. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 2444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article II, Section 2, of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 2445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 2446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 2447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article l, Section 8 By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1, Clause 1 By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 2450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause I, Article I, Section 8 of the Con-stitution By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 2451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 2452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 2453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HURD: H.R. 2454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 2455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 2456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 2457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 2458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 4, Section 4 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 2459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.033 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4224 May 16, 2017 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 2460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 2461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution, which states that the Congress has the power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 2462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 2464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 2465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 as applied to the Social Secu-rity Act. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 2467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 2468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 2469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 2470. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RUTHERFORD: H.R. 2471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 10—‘‘To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offences against the Law of Nations’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 2472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 2473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment XIII Amendment XIV Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 2474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which per-mits Congress to regulate commerce. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 10: Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. H
ILL, Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D AVIDSON , and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 19: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 35: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 36: Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 99: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 108: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 113: Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. S ANFORD . H.R. 140: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 154: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 169: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 203: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 281: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 305: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 354: Ms. F
OXX and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 357: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 389: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 390: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 426: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 448: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 490: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 544: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 545: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 548: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 564: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 592: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 606: Ms. P
ELOSI . H.R. 619: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 632: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 664: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 672: Mr. M
ESSER , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 676: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 721: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. C OOK, Mr. S HU-
STER and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 747: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 750: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 767: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 771: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , H.R. 772: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 785: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 799: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , H.R. 807: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M
AST, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 816: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 820: Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia. H.R. 828: Mr. B
ARR and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 846: Mr. L
ABRADOR , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. U PTON , Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B OST, and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 849: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. R EED, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C ULBER -
SON, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 852: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 853: Ms. F
OXX. H.R. 873: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor- gia, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. C AL-
VERT . H.R. 878: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 880: Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ECK, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 884: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 930: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. V
EASEY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W AG-
NER, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 931: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, H.R. 948: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. C LARKE  of New York. H.R. 959: Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 964: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 975: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 980: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 989: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 990: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1002: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1005: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 1006: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1017: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1038: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 1046: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 1057: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. L ONG, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1058: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1065: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1083: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.030 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4225 May 16, 2017 
H.R. 1090: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1092: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1095: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 1133: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 1143: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1144: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1148: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1156: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1158: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 1164: Mr. H
ARPER and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1175: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1185: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1200: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R
OKITA , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 1229: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W
ELCH , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1231: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OO-
PER, and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1232: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1236: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1241: Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 1243: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1253: Mr. V
ELAand Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER . H.R. 1264: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 1265: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. P ETER -
SON. H.R. 1267: Mr. B
ARTON and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 1268: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. E VANS , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 1272: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1281: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1291: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1296: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 1310: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1311: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. K IND, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 1316: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1329: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 1334: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 1341: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1361: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1368: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 1384: Mr. N
EAL, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia. H.R. 1421: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1422: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1454: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1456: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, MR. MOULTON , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1472: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 1475: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1483: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1498: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1502: Mr. JONES . H.R. 1541: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 1552: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 1560: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1562: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1566: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. E VANS , Ms. J UDY C
HU of California, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico. H.R. 1567: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1606: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1608: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1614: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1616: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 1626: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1629: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 1635: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1639: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1645: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1651: Ms. D
EGETTE and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 1652: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1656: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1661: Mr. C
RIST and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1666: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1673: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1697: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. H ENSARLING , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. M AST, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 1699: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1711: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1722: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, and Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1724: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1730: Ms. T
ITUS and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1733: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1753: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1770: Mr. H
URD, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. M OULTON , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1772: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1776: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1777: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. U
PTON , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. M ARSHALL , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 1784: Mr. P
ANETTA and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1793: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1796: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1818: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. D ENT, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 1825: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. P
INGREE , H.R. 1836: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1844: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 1854: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1861: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1868: Ms. P
INGREE and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 1889: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1902: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1939: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1949: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. T
ITUS, and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 1953: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. F LORES , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 1955: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1959: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1960: Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. L EE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 1969: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1997: Mr. B
URGESS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Ms. T
ITUS, and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1998: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1999: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 2012: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2013: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2046: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 2052: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2056: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2062: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2083: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 2092: Mr. P
OLIS and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2106: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2113: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2121: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 2127: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2136: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2148: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 2150: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. J
ONES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 2158: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2170: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2173: Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2180: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2200: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2203: Mr. R
ASKIN and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 2211: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 2213: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 2215: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2224: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri, and Mr. A
LLEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.021 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4226 May 16, 2017 
H.R. 2228: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2230: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 2242: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2249: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 2268: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 2273: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2285: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. D
EGETTE , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2288: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2298: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 2310: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2317: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2327: Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. R OSS, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. R
USH, Mr. F LORES , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2330: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2340: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2344: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 2345: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. K
ATKO , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2352: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 2353: Ms. F
OXX, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2358: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2367: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 2369: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 2379: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2386: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2389: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2392: Mr. R
USHand Mr. K HANNA . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. R EED, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. J ONES . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. B
ERA. H. Con. Res. 10: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. G ALLA -
GHER , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H. Con. Res. 13: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H. Con. Res. 27: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. S
ABLAN , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. M
ARSHALL . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. R
OSEN , Mrs. L OVE, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia. H. Con. Res. 47: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. B
ARRA´GAN. H. Res. 28: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. S
HIMKUS . H. Res. 166: Mr. L
YNCH . H. Res. 195: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 199: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 218: Mr. C
HABOT . H. Res. 220: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H. Res. 236: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. L
UCAS . H. Res. 255: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H. Res. 256: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 276: Mr. VEASEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 307: Mr. B
ACON . H. Res. 312: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California. H. Res. 313: Mr. S
OTO. H. Res. 320: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H. Res. 321: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative J
ACKSON LEE(TX) or a designee, to H.R. 1039 the Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits to defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY7.025 H16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2937 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 2017 No. 84 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
AMES  L
ANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Savior, lead us as a shepherd guides the sheep. We find consolation in the knowledge that You have gone before us to bring us to Your desired destina-tion. Lord, direct the steps of our law-makers so that even when they fail to fulfill Your purposes, You will continue to uphold them with the right hand of Your righteousness. May they remem-ber that nothing can separate them from Your love. As they face the heat of tough decisions, provide them with the watered gardens and living springs of Your presence. Lord, You have begun a good work in them; carry it on to completion. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The assistant bill clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, May 16, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable JAMES LANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. LANKFORD thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as ObamaCare continues to collapse, a new Gallup poll out last week showed ‘‘Healthcare Surges as Top Problem in US.’’ It is not hard to see why so many Americans feel this way. They turn on the TV and hear there will be even fewer options on the ObamaCare mar-ketplaces in State after State. They pick up the newspaper and see that even more double-digit premium in-creases are being proposed for too many of the ObamaCare plan options that still remain. They know what these stories mean for their families: They will be left to pick up the pieces as ObamaCare continues to crumble all across the country. Unless we act, ObamaCare premiums will keep sky-rocketing across the Nation, pushing the financial burden of this broken law onto the backs of more hard-working Americans. We have seen the result of this al-ready with last year’s rate filings, which left many States with double- digit premium increases as even more insurance options left the market. Pre-mium price hikes for some ObamaCare plans reached startling levels, aver-aging 53 percent in Pennsylvania, 63 percent in Tennessee, and a shocking 116 percent in Arizona, just to name a few. Families are again awaiting projec-tions for this year’s filings and once again bracing for the very worst. In the coming weeks and months, proposed rate increases under ObamaCare will roll in across the Nation, and already ObamaCare customers in a handful of States have learned just how high their premiums could rise in 2018. For example, consumers in Vermont just learned that premiums on the ex-changes could increase by double digits next year. In Connecticut, requested premium rate increases are as high as 52 percent on the exchanges. In Mary-land, one major insurer is asking for an average rate increase of nearly 60 per-cent. ObamaCare’s marketplaces, that insurer warned, are in the ‘‘early stages of a death spiral.’’ Are our Democratic friends who promised to lower costs under ObamaCare OK with what looks to be yet another year of massive ObamaCare premium increases? This news is alarming not only for the fami-lies on the exchanges in the States I just named but for the thousands more across the Nation who may be hit with similar reports in coming weeks. As one recent AP story, titled ‘‘More price hikes likely for government in-surance markets,’’ observed: ‘‘Early moves by insurers suggest that another round of price hikes and limited choices will greet insurance shoppers around the country when they start searching for next year’s coverage on the public markets established by the Affordable Care Act.’’ Moreover, as the story went on to say, over 40 percent of counties could have just a single insurer to choose from on the exchanges next year. It is troubling news, especially given that so many States, like mine, have al-ready experienced insurers fleeing the ObamaCare marketplace leaving fami-lies with limited options. Let’s just look at the chart behind me. In Kentucky, under ObamaCare, 49 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.000 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2938 May 16, 2017 
percent of counties have only one in-surer this year in 2017. Forty-nine per-cent of our counties, nearly half the counties in Kentucky, have only one insurer to choose from, and of course having one option is really no choice at all. It is a harsh reality facing more and more Americans, and these ObamaCare failures have real con-sequences for the men and women whom we all represent. As one of our Democratic friends commented just last week on news that his State will be left with only a single insurer next year under ObamaCare, ‘‘This will mean that more than 12,000 Delawareans will have to find a new in-surance plan and [that] our hard-working families will have fewer op-tions and harder choices to make about their health insurance coverage.’’ Can our Democratic colleagues who promised more choice under ObamaCare really be OK with the con-tinuing failures of ObamaCare? The status quo under ObamaCare is simply unsustainable and unaccept-able. That is why the entire Senate Re-publican conference is working to-gether on the best way forward to bring much needed relief to the families who have been left behind by ObamaCare’s continuing failures. I hope our Democratic colleagues will join us in working on this. They just sent me a letter last week where they acknowledged that ObamaCare hasn’t lived up to its promises and where they effectively conceded that the status quo is unsustainable. I hope it means they are finally ready to join us in moving away from ObamaCare and supporting smarter healthcare policies. After years of defending a sys-tem that isn’t working for far too many Americans, it is time that Sen-ate Democrats finally face the reality of this flawed ObamaCare law. The failures of ObamaCare aren’t just isolated to one region of the country either. They are affecting people from the east coast to the west coast, from the North to the South, and things are likely to get even worse, unless we work to finally move beyond the fail-ures of this law. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the Rosen nomination, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Trans-portation. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally di-vided in the usual form. The assistant Democratic leader. HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I had a meeting last week in Illinois, and I asked hospital administrators, doctors, nurses, pediatricians, those who are in the substance abuse treatment area, what they thought of the Republican bill. It was all Republicans who passed the healthcare finance act, whatever the name of it is—their version of the healthcare system that they are call-ing for reform in the House of Rep-resentatives. It was interesting. They were unanimously opposed to it, all of them—hospital administrators, doc-tors, nurses, pediatricians, across the board. Why would all the medical providers in my State be opposed to the Repub-lican plan that just passed the House of Representatives? Well, because they have read it. Here is what they found. It threatens the survival of downstate and inner city hospitals. The Illinois Hospital Association came out against the Republican plan and said we could lose 60,000 jobs in Illinois, and we could see cutbacks in services in our hos-pitals. I know the Acting President pro tem-pore from the State of Oklahoma knows what rural hospitals mean to these small towns. It is not only life and death to have access to quality healthcare, they are some of the best paying jobs in town. The thought that those hospitals are going to see serv-ices cut back, people laid off is worth sitting up and taking notice. They also are worried because the Congressional Budget Office never gave an analysis of the Republican plan that passed the House of Representatives. That is unheard of. When we passed the Affordable Care Act in the U.S. Senate, we waited week after weary week for the Congressional Budget Office to ana-lyze each of the major changes. We didn’t want to make a mistake, and we felt obligated to tell the American peo-ple what we were doing to the healthcare system, which is one-sixth of the national economy. Somehow the Republican leaders in the House of Representatives paid no attention to that and passed a bill without a Congressional Budget Office analysis. Possibly it is because the first version of that bill, which was analyzed by the CBO, found that it was devastating. Twenty-four million Americans would lose their health in-surance under the Republican plan in its first phase. Twenty-four million Americans lose their health insurance. In Illinois, 1 million people—in a State of 12
1⁄2million people, 1 million people living in my State would have lost their health insurance coverage by the plan proposed initially by the Re-publicans in the House, and we also know it would shorten the lifespan of Medicare, for one thing. We know it al-lowed for waivers by Governors to eliminate what they call nonessential services in health insurance. One of them hits close to home. I can remember as a new Senator coming to the floor and watching Paul Wellstone, who used to be at that desk, and Pete Domenici, who used to be at that desk, get up on a bipartisan basis and argue again and again that every health in-surance plan in America should cover mental illness and substance abuse treatment. It seems so obvious, and yet they had to fight the insurance indus-try for years before we finally achieved it. Now when you buy health insurance in America, it covers mental illness and substance abuse treatment. Thank goodness. We need it. We desperately need it. Yet that becomes one of the nonessential elements in the Repub-lican analysis of health insurance. What are they thinking? Have they listened or read recently about the opioid and heroin crisis in America? I have sat at tables with victims, addicts who, thank goodness, had an interven-tion, had an opportunity, and now can speak of their addiction in the past tense. These are amazing young people whose lives were compromised and threatened because of addiction. How did they turn the corner? They turned the corner because of loving families, their personal determination, and the availability of medical treatment under their health insurance plans. Now the Republicans are arguing in the House of Representatives that we don’t need that coverage, we don’t need that protection. We do now more than ever. When I hear the Republican leader come to the floor and criticize the Af-fordable Care Act, I basically have to ask him, Is this a problem that is of your own creation? The Republicans, including the lead-er, have refused to sit down with Democrats and work on a bipartisan solution. In fact, when the Republican leader sat down to determine how the Senate would respond to the House ac-tion, he put together a group of, I be-lieve, 12 Republican Senators—no Democrats allowed—to sit down and write the alternative. That is not a good way to start this. What we ought to do is to say, first, we are not going to repeal the Afford-able Care Act; we are going to improve it, and we will do it on a bipartisan basis. If the majority leader wants to suggest that, I would like to be part of it. Many Democrats would like to be part of it. Take repeal off the table be-fore the conversation on repair begins. I think that is essential. Let’s make sure that within health insurance in America we have some basics. First, if you have a preexisting condi-tion, you shouldn’t be disqualified from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.002 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2939 May 16, 2017 
health insurance or you shouldn’t have to pay twice the premiums. That is something that is now built into the law that the Republicans want to re-peal. Well, I want to make sure that preexisting conditions are protected. As I have said on the floor before, a couple of weeks ago I had a heart pro-cedure, a catheter procedure, an out-patient procedure. Apparently it worked pretty well. I am standing here talking to you today. I feel good. But a lot of people go through this, and I be-came a statistic the day that happened. I guess I now have a preexisting condi-tion; so be it. One out of three Ameri-cans fit that category. Why would we not protect them in any health insur-ance reform bill? That seems like the starting point in our conversation. Yet the bill that passed the House, the Re-publican bill that passed the House al-lows Governors to basically ask for waivers so that health insurance plans in their States will not cover people with preexisting conditions or allow people with those conditions to have the same premiums. That is not a good starting place. It is a terrible starting place. Let’s try to make sure that if we are going to move forward on real healthcare reform, we do it in a sen-sible fashion. Let’s put forward a bill not like the one that passed the House, but let’s put together a bill that has the support of hospital administrators across the Nation. Let’s put together a bill that protects the Medicaid expan-sion that is part of the Affordable Care Act. Medicaid is an essential part of healthcare in America for tens of mil-lions of people. Medicaid—most people think, oh, that is health insurance for poor people. Really? That is not an ac-curate description. For example, in the State of Illinois, Medicaid provides health coverage for half of the children who are born in my State—prenatal care, postnatal care, and the actual de-livery of half of the children in my State, under Medicaid. That is not the most expensive part of Medicaid. The most expensive part in my State and across the Nation is the fact that Medicaid is there to help your mother or grandmother or your dad or your grandfather when they are in a situation in life where they need a helping hand. They may be in an as-sisted care facility, and the Social Se-curity check is not enough; Medicare is not enough. Medicaid steps in to make sure they have the quality of care they need. Are we going to eliminate that kind of protection? Ask disabled people and ask the orga-nizations that represent them what it means to have a good strong Medicaid system. These people rely on Medicaid for maintaining their health through disability, day in and day out. So when the Republicans propose an $840 billion cut in Medicaid protection across America over 10 years, sadly, they are setting out on a path that could compromise the basic care we need for babies and new moms, for the elderly in assisted care facilities and nursing facilities, and for the disabled who live in our States. We don’t want to see that happen. It is interesting that my Republican Governor in the State of Illinois sel-dom comments on Federal legislation. He came out in opposition to the bill that passed the House of Representa-tives. He said that this is a signifi-cantly bad bill for the State of Illinois, and I agree with him. I am glad he spoke up. I don’t know how the seven Republican Congressmen who voted for it in my State can ignore that reality. Our Governor—our Republican Gov-ernor—believes it is bad for our State in cutting back Medicaid. The hos-pitals believe it is bad for our State in the impact that it will have on down- State hospitals. Doctors, nurses, and pediatricians also oppose it. What can we do? What should we do? First, we ought to try to see what we can do to make the Affordable Care Act work better. We can do that on a bipar-tisan basis. We want to make sure, as the Senator from Kentucky said ear-lier, that there are available health in-surance programs in every county of every State. Certainly, one thing we can do is make sure that a public op-tion is there for everyone if they choose it—something that looks like Medicare. People respect Medicare. Medicare is a great program for millions of Ameri-cans who are seniors and disabled. Why wouldn’t we create a program like Medicare—a not-for-profit, govern-ment-operated program like Medicare for people who wish to have it? Those who don’t can stick with private insur-ance if that is their choice, but I be-lieve more and more people will move toward the Medicare option. That is something I would like to put on the table in reforming the Affordable Care Act. Secondly, we need to address the cost of pharmaceutical drugs in America. The costs are out of control. This week I received a publication from the AARP, the American Associa-tion of Retired Persons, and they are talking about what is happening to pharmaceutical prices across America. You don’t have to tell seniors or those who buy prescription drugs what the reality happens to be. Let me give you a few numbers to demonstrate why we need to have a new program to make sure drug prices don’t go out of control. According to AARP, Americans spent $457 billion on prescription drugs in 2015, up about 8 percent over the previous year—$457 billion. The rise in prices for the most popular brand name drugs from 2008 to 2016 is over 200 percent. They have more than doubled in that 8-year pe-riod of time for the most popular drugs. The median salary of a pharma-ceutical firm’s CEO in 2015 was $14.5 million, more than any other industry; $6.4 billion is the amount drug compa-nies spend advertising directly to con-sumers in the U.S. annually; $24 billion is the amount drug companies spend per year marketing to doctors. We are one of only two nations in the world that allows direct consumer adver-tising. Think about what that means. When you see all these ads on tele-vision for drugs with names you can’t pronounce, why are they doing it? It is because the drug companies know that consumers across America will write down the name of the drug and go ask the doctor to prescribe it. Many times, the doctor, rather than debate the issue with the patient or suggest they don’t need it or should use a generic, will just write out the prescription. What happens? More expensive drugs get into the system, raising the cost of healthcare, raising the cost of pre-miums for health insurance. It doesn’t make us healthier; it just means healthcare is more expensive. I love to listen to the warnings on these drugs that go on and on and on. One of my favorites was this: Be sure and tell your doctor if you have had a liver transplant. I am thinking to my-self, yeah, I think I would probably mention that somewhere along the way to a doctor. These warnings should give us fair warning that this is inflating the cost of healthcare across America. It is not making us healthier, and it is running up profits dramatically for pharma-ceutical companies. Why is it that ex-actly the same drugs made in the United States sell for a fraction of their cost in America in places like Canada and Europe? It is a legitimate question. We ought to address it. Do we have the political nerve to do it? I hope so, as part of the Affordable Care Act reform. I hope we sit down and do something on a bipartisan basis to deal with the challenges we face, but first, take repeal off the table. Let’s make the Affordable Care Act stronger. Let’s do it on a bipartisan basis. Let’s set out to come up with a solution that doesn’t do what the House version did, which could elimi-nate health insurance for millions of people across America and a million people in my State of Illinois. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
PRESIDENT ’S MEETING WITH RUSSIAN OFFICIALS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, by now we have all had the chance to read the report in the Washington Post that alleges stunning behavior on the part of the President in a meeting with the Russian Ambassador and Russian For-eign Minister. According to the report, the Presi-dent revealed classified information about a terrorist threat to officials of a foreign government. The President didn’t share it with just any govern-ment; the report states he shared it with the Russian Government, a global adversary that has violated the sov-ereignty of peaceful nations, propped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.004 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2940 May 16, 2017 
up dictators and human rights abusers, including Iran and Syria, and has been widely proven to have interfered in our elections and the elections of our allies in Europe. If this report is indeed true, it would mean that the President may have badly damaged our national security, nothing less, and in several ways. First, the act of a disclosure of this type could threaten the United States’ relationships with allies that provide us with vital intelligence and could re-sult in the loss of this specific intel-ligence source. We rely on intelligence from our al-lies to keep America safe. America can’t have eyes and ears everywhere. If our allies abroad can’t trust us to keep sensitive information close to the vest, they may no longer share it with us. That undermines key relationships and, even more importantly, makes us less safe. Second, if accurate, such a disclosure could damage our interests in the Mid-dle East. We do not collaborate with Russia in Syria or elsewhere in the Middle East for the simple fact that we have diverging interests. Russia, for example, has worked with Iran to prop up the brutal Assad regime. Sharing vital intelligence with Russian officials could allow the Russians to pursue or even possibly eliminate the source or figure out how the ally conducts oper-ations, including any against Russia or Russia’s allies in the region. Third, if the report is true, the Presi-dent’s alleged carelessness with classi-fied information will further damage the relationship between the White House and the intelligence commu-nity—an essential relationship for the security of America. The intelligence community needs to be able to trust the President and trust that he will treat classified information with cau-tion and with care. Our intelligence professionals put their lives on the line every day to acquire information that is critical to our national security and critical to keeping Americans safe. They have done a very good job. If the reporting is accurate, in one fell swoop, the President could have unsettled our allies, emboldened our adversaries, endangered our military and intelligence officers the world over, and exposed our Nation to greater risk. Given the gravity of the matter, we need to be able to quickly assess whether this report is true and what exactly was said. So I am calling on the White House to make the tran-script of the meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador available to the congressional Intel-ligence Committees as soon as possible. The White House should make the transcript of the meeting available im-mediately to the congressional Intel-ligence Committees. If the President has nothing to hide, he should direct that the transcript of the meeting be made available. The Members who sit on those com-mittees have the necessary clearances to review the transcript and any re-lated summary of the President’s meet-ing with the Russians. I agree with the senior Senator from Maine that this briefing should happen immediately. Those committees would be able to help establish the facts before we grap-ple with the potential consequences. Last night, the administration issued several overlapping denials. Some questioned the overall veracity of the account. Some took pains to specifi-cally deny certain accusations but not others. This morning, the President tweeted a version of events that under-cut his advisers’ carefully worded deni-als and seems to confirm the reports that he had shared the information in question. Following so closely after Mr. Comey’s firing, which was rationalized to the press and the American public in several different ways over the course of a week, this administration now faces a crisis of credibility. The Presi-dent has told us that we cannot take at face value the explanations of some of his key advisers, but the events of the past week have taken this to an unten-able extreme. The timelines and ra-tionales in the administration con-tradict one another. The truth, as it were, sits atop shifting sands in this administration. We need the transcripts to see ex-actly what the President said, given the conflicting reports from the people in the room. Producing the transcripts is the only way for this administration to categorically prove the reports un-true. Mr. President, there is a crisis of credibility in this administration which will hurt us in ways almost too numerous to elaborate. At the top of the list is an erosion of trust in the Presidency and trust in America by our friends and allies. The President owes the intelligence community, the Amer-ican people, and the Congress a full ex-planation. The transcripts, in my view, are a necessary first step. Until the ad-ministration provides the unedited transcript, until the administration fully explains the facts of this case, the American people will rightly doubt if their President can handle our Nation’s most closely kept secrets. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority whip. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I noted yesterday that this week we celebrate National Police Week. In particular, we recognize and remember those law enforcement officers who have paid the ultimate price and sacrificed their lives to protect the communities in which they serve. Yesterday, I had the chance to speak about Javier Vega, Jr., a Border Patrol agent who served in South Texas and was tragically killed by two illegal immigrant criminals. Today, I want to talk about the at-tack on law enforcement officers in Dallas almost a year ago. Last July, about 800 people gathered in downtown Dallas for a peaceful march. Given the size of the event, dozens of law enforce-ment officers were on hand to protect the protesters so they could exercise their fundamental constitutional right. Before 9 p.m., the event had been going very well, by any standard. There wasn’t any violence reported in the crowd, even though some similar events across the country hadn’t been as calm. But in Dallas, it was clear that there existed a mutual respect be-tween the citizens protesting and law enforcement. There were even social media posts of protesters embracing police officers in a show of solidarity and friendship. Unfortunately, the night would soon be robbed of any enduring image of that sort of positive scene. A man— someone who came that night explic-itly to target law enforcement offi-cers—opened fire, killing five officers and wounding seven more—the dead-liest day for American law enforce-ment since 9/11. The officers who lost their lives that day—Brent Thompson, Patrick Zamarippa, Lorne Aherns, Mi-chael Krol, and Michael Smith—will not be forgotten. They, like the other officers on duty that night—many of whom were injured by the gunmen— didn’t look the other way or run the other way when the violence erupted. Like the heroes they are, they ran to the danger, not away from the gun-shots and the uproar. They, like law enforcement officers across the coun-try, weren’t about to shy away from doing their job, even if that meant put-ting their own lives on the line. So today, I want to commend the men and women of the Dallas police force, a group of men and women with incredible courage and unflinching valor in the face of danger. This Police Week I am particularly grateful to them and to the officers and first re-sponders all over the State of Texas and all around our Nation who count the costs and choose to serve their communities day after day, often with little thanks or recognition. As I said last summer, it shouldn’t take an event of this scale to jolt our consciences into action. As legislators, we have tremendous opportunities to better support our men and women in blue who risk their lives to protect ours. We have a duty to do all we can to keep them safe and to keep our soci-ety safe and peaceful. So as we cele-brate Police Week, I hope we can each do our part to better support the men and women serving in law enforcement. Later today, Mr. President, I plan to introduce a piece of legislation called the Back the Blue Act, along with Sen-ator C
RUZand Senator T ILLIS . This is legislation that makes clear our sup-port for these public servants who spend their lives protecting us and serving us. The Back the Blue Act would create a new Federal crime for killing or attempting to kill a Federal judge, a law enforcement officer, or a federally funded public safety officer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.005 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2941 May 16, 2017 
It would create a new crime for as-saulting a law enforcement officer, as well. There is no justification—none at all—for attacking a police officer. It is an act of anarchy to attack the very people who help keep our society safe and protected. We need to know and need to show that we value their lives, and we need to make it absolutely clear that we will hold those who carry out crimes against our police officers accountable. The Back the Blue Act sends that mes-sage loud and clear. I think it is important to point out that this legislation would also help make our communities stronger by al-lowing grant funds to be used for ef-forts to help foster more trust between police and the communities they pro-tect. This bill would better serve the men and women who work tirelessly in our communities every day. So I would hope our colleagues would join me in supporting it. We can do more to protect and sup-port our law enforcement officers, and we can start with the Back the Blue Act to do just exactly that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Massachu-setts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I would like to commemorate National Police Week and the lives and sacrifices of two extraordinary Massachusetts law enforcement officers who fell in 2016: Thomas Clardy, a trooper with the Massachusetts State Police, and Ron-ald Tarantino, a police officer with the Auburn Police Department. Their names will be inscribed on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial here in Washington, DC, in honor of their service. By the end of this year, more than 21,000 names will be on that wall. We will never forget their service and sac-rifice to our communities and to our country. With the help of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, we pledge to their families and loved ones that they will have the sup-port and resources they need. 
FIRING OF JAMES COMEY  
Mr. President, I rise to speak about President Trump’s firing of FBI Direc-tor James Comey. In and of itself, this action by President Trump is seismic and has shaken the very foundation of our government and, I dare say, of our democracy. But just yesterday, the American people were also once again confronted by Presidential actions that raised both alarm and the need for in-vestigation. In a new story, the Wash-ington Post reported that President Trump revealed highly sensitive classi-fied material to senior Russian offi-cials during a meeting last week. Ac-cording to the Post story, President Trump reportedly revealed information about ISIS that could compromise a partner country’s key intelligence sources and enable Russia to, according to the story, ‘‘identify our sources and techniques’’ for gathering intelligence. There could be no greater com-promise of American security. The in-formation that President Trump re-vealed was so sensitive that the United States had previously refrained from sharing it even with our allies. President Trump’s decision to relay some of our most sensitive intelligence with representatives of the Russian Government betrays an astounding lack of judgment. By revealing what is called ‘‘code-word’’ information to Rus-sia, President Trump may have com-promised key intelligence sources, en-dangered the fight against ISIS, and undermined the trust of our inter-national partners. While the President may have the au-thority to declassify U.S. intelligence, it is imperative to the safety of our military and intelligence personnel and those of our partners that he do so through a careful and deliberative process. There is no evidence that Don-ald Trump did that. Congress must immediately inves-tigate this irresponsible action and take steps to ensure that President Trump does no additional damage to national security in his dealings with Russia. This dangerous behavior comes on the heels of the President’s reckless decision to fire former FBI Director James Comey, pushing our country ever closer to a constitutional crisis. President Trump’s firing of Mr. Comey is disturbingly reminiscent of Water-gate’s Saturday Night Massacre, when our Constitution was last subject to an executive-branch-induced stress test. Then, President Nixon fired the inde-pendent prosecutor, Archibald Cox, who was leading the investigation into the Watergate scandal and the Nixon campaign’s involvement in it. Now President Trump has fired his FBI Di-rector, who was leading the investiga-tion into the Russian interference scandal and the Trump campaign’s in-volvement in it. Mark Twain is pur-ported to have said that history doesn’t repeat itself, but it does tend to rhyme. Unfortunately, there is no humor in President Trump’s actions. At first, we were supposed to believe that the President fired Director Comey because of the way he handled the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s email server, which was unfair to her. That was what President Trump sent his staff out to tell the press and the American people. The official White House statement from Press Secretary Sean Spicer on May 9 said that Presi-dent Trump acted based on the clear recommendation of both Deputy Attor-ney General Rod Rosenstein and Attor-ney General Jeff Sessions. That was a reference to the now-infamous memo-randum by Attorney General Sessions, prepared by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, which cited Comey’s ‘‘handling of the conclusion of the in-vestigation of Secretary Clinton’s emails’’ as the reason why the public purportedly had lost confidence in the FBI and on which Attorney General Sessions based his recommendation to the President that he fire Mr. Comey. On May 9, Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway said that President Trump ‘‘took the recommendation of his Deputy Attorney General, who oversees the FBI Director.’’ Then on May 10, Deputy White House Press Sec-retary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the President ‘‘took the rec-ommendation seriously. And he made a decision based on that.’’ Even Vice President PENCE said that President Trump’s decision to fire Comey was based on the Rosenstein memo. So the American people were being told to believe that President Trump took the unprecedented step of firing the FBI Director in the midst of an in-vestigation of the Trump campaign be-cause James Comey was too hard on Hillary Clinton. That simply didn’t pass the laugh test. Who can forget that Candidate Trump repeatedly called her ‘‘crooked Hillary Clinton’’ throughout the campaign? Who can forget that Candidate Trump applauded Director Comey for the way he handled the Clinton investigation? At the end of October 2016, just days before the election and after Comey had reopened the Clinton email investigation, Trump said that Comey had ‘‘guts’’ and had ‘‘brought back his reputation.’’ But it took only 1 day after Mr. Comey’s firing for President Trump himself to admit that reason was ut-terly false. In an interview President Trump said that Rosenstein ‘‘made a recommendation, but regardless of rec-ommendation I was going to fire Comey, knowing there was no good time to do it.’’ So much for the Rosenstein memo. So much for the White House press statement. So much for what Kellyanne Conway said. So much for the words of the Vice President of the United States. If that admission wasn’t enough, President Trump went on to tell everyone what was on his mind when he made that decision. Here is his quote: 
And, in fact, when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said, ‘‘You know, this Rus-sia thing with Trump and Russia is a made- up story. It’s an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won.’’ 
President Trump’s statements about the Russia investigation are, of course, untrue. There is nothing made up about the conclusion of the intel-ligence community that Russia inter-fered with our election. The allegations of the Trump campaign’s collusion with the Russians are serious. That is why the FBI and the House and Senate Intelligence Committees have been in-vestigating them. So contrary to what White House senior administration officials and— the President, in fact, admitted that he fired the Director of the FBI precisely because he was overseeing an inves-tigation of the Trump campaign and its ties to Russia. According to all of these various reports, the President did so just after Director Comey had gone to Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.006 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2942 May 16, 2017 
and asked for more resources for the Russia investigation. The firing of James Comey now brings the number of law enforcement officials who were investigating the Trump campaign or his administration when they themselves were fired to three—first, Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, then Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, and now Director Comey. President Trump himself, in his ter-mination letter to Comey, made no mention of the Clinton email inves-tigation but instead expressly linked the firing to the Russia investigation. Trump claimed that he fired Comey de-spite Comey having informed the President on three separate occasions that he was not under investigation—a claim that has not been substantiated. Here is the plain and simple truth: President Trump feared that the FBI investigation into his campaign’s pos-sible collusion with Russia was getting too close for comfort, so he fired Direc-tor Comey. Comey’s firing could be nothing less than obstruction of justice masquerading as a personnel action. It is what impeding a Federal investiga-tion looks like. It is what an assault on the rule of law looks like. If there is one lesson President Trump should have learned from Wa-tergate, it is this: If you are under in-vestigation, don’t fire the investigator. But as disturbing as Mr. Comey’s fir-ing is, it gets worse. Days after, Presi-dent Trump tweeted a veiled threat— one that smacked of witness intimida-tion. Here is the quote: ‘‘James Comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversation before he starts leak-ing to the press.’’ Are there recordings? We don’t know yet. But if there are, the White House and Justice Depart-ment must ensure that they are pre-served. It is clear that President Trump did not learn any of the lessons of Water-gate, which only underscores the need for a special prosecutor independent of the White House and Justice Depart-ment to get to the bottom of this. The role of a special independent pros-ecutor is to follow all of the facts wher-ever they lead. That individual needs to be as far away from the White House as possible. Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein should not be the one to appoint a spe-cial prosecutor. Just 3 weeks on the job, Mr. Rosenstein is now com-promised by the questions swirling around his role in the Comey firing: Did Comey meet with Rosenstein and ask for more resources for the Russia investigation? Why did Rosenstein dis-cuss the removal of Director Comey with Attorney General Sessions after Sessions had recused himself from the Russia investigation? Why didn’t Rosenstein question Sessions’s involve-ment? The magnitude of—the decision to appoint a special counsel in these cir-cumstances cannot be made by a polit-ical appointee. Instead, I join Minority Leader S CHUMER ’s call that the ap-pointment must be made by the high-est ranking career civil servant in the Justice Department, someone insulated from politics and the White House. Until we have an independent special prosecutor appointed, we should not move forward with the confirmation of any replacement for James Comey as Director of the FBI. Additionally, Director Comey should come and testify before Congress, which both Senate Intelligence Com-mittee Chairman B
URRand Vice Chair-man W
ARNER have already requested, clearly showing the bipartisan support for this. There are too many unan-swered questions that only Director Comey can answer. Finally, while it has been announced that Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein will brief all Senators and answer their questions, we must still hear from Attorney General Sessions. We must not lose sight of the fact that a foreign power interfered in our last Presidential election and that the Trump campaign may have colluded with it to win the White House. This strikes at the heart of our government and our very democracy. Our elections must be fair and free of foreign inter-ference. It is time for both Democrats and Republicans to put love of country ahead of party and to come together and demand the appointment of a spe-cial prosecutor who will investigate and follow the facts no matter where they lead. Mr. President, I would like to con-clude my remarks today by expressing my opposition to the nomination of Jeffrey Rosen to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation. Mr. Rosen has a long history, both in government and in the private sector, of defending pri-vate industry against regulations de-signed to protect the American public. When he first worked for the Depart-ment of Transportation, he touted the fact that he was involved in ending or withdrawing 180 potential Transpor-tation Department rulemakings. He has also been hostile to environ-mental regulations designed to protect our air and water. He opposed green-house gas emissions regulations in his role at the Office of Management and Budget and personally represented the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in attempt-ing to undermine climate change science in order to fend off potential regulations. Mr. Rosen’s firm rep-resented the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers and other auto groups against California over rules meant to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase nonpolluting vehicles. I will vote no on Mr. Rosen’s nomina-tion because our automobile safety, en-vironment, and clean energy future are just too important. I urge my col-leagues to join me. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week, the American people were stunned by what we learned happened in the White House. We saw an alarm-ing set of developments about how this President is handling the investigation into Russia’s interference with our de-mocracy. Last Monday, the Senate Judiciary Committee heard testimony from Sally Yates, whom President Trump had asked to serve as Acting Attorney Gen-eral when he was first sworn into of-fice. Ms. Yates testified that soon after the inauguration, she twice visited White House Counsel Don McGahn to warn him about National Security Ad-visor Michael Flynn. She warned that General Flynn had been compromised by his secret communications with Russian Ambassador Kislyak and that General Flynn could be blackmailed. Ms. Yates first visited White House Counsel McGahn on January 26. McGahn invited her back to ask fol-lowup questions the following day, on January 27. Those followups included questions about General Flynn’s poten-tial criminal exposure. What else happened on January 27? The President of the United States brought in FBI Director James Comey for a one-on-one dinner, where he re-portedly asked Director Comey for a pledge of loyalty. Is the timing of this Comey dinner curious? You bet it is. According to Press Secretary Sean Spicer, President Trump was briefed immediately by White House Counsel McGahn after Ms. Yates’ warning. That means the President knew about the Justice Department’s concerns with Flynn when he met Director Comey for dinner. Was the President’s request for loy-alty from Director Comey an attempt to impede the Justice Department’s in-vestigation into General Flynn? Was it an effort by the President to inoculate himself from Russia-related investiga-tions? These are unanswered questions. But when Director Comey reportedly refused to swear his loyalty to Presi-dent Trump, he apparently sealed his fate as Director of the FBI. Last Tuesday evening, President Trump fired Director Comey while Comey was giving a speech to FBI agents in Los Angeles. The reason? Well, on Thursday, the President made clear that the Russia investigation was on his mind when he fired Director Comey. He said to Lester Holt of NBC: ‘‘When I decided to do it, I said to my-self, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story.’’ President Trump later said that the Russia investigation ‘‘should be over with, in my opinion, should have been over a long time ago.’’ Then, on Fri-day, the President found time to threaten Mr. Comey on Twitter, imply-ing that he had taped their conversa-tions and that he would release the tapes if Comey disclosed what he knew. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.008 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2943 May 16, 2017 
Let’s be clear. The President is in dangerous territory here. What the President is doing when it comes to po-tential obstruction of justice is similar to a chapter in history many of us re-member. On October 20, 1973, President Nixon fired special prosecutor Archi-bald Cox when his Watergate investiga-tion got too close to the White House. That sparked a constitutional crisis in America. Now we have learned that President Trump has disclosed highly classified information to the Russian Foreign Minister and that same Ambassador, Kislyak. The Washington Post reported that the President specifically revealed extremely sensitive intelligence con-sidered so sensitive that details were being withheld from America’s allies and tightly restricted even within our own government. Last night, the White House denied this happened. This morning, however, President Trump confirmed in two separate tweets that the story was true. This kind of disclosure is what former Director Comey and just about every other congressional Republican described last year as ‘‘extremely reck-less’’ in the handling of classified infor-mation. It jeopardizes critical intel-ligence sources in the fight against ISIL and the broader fight by America against terrorism. This morning, European officials re-acted, told the Associated Press that at least one European country might stop sharing intelligence with the United States if this is how it is going to be treated. That is not, as the majority leader described it this morning, ‘‘drama.’’ This is a real consequence of a dangerous President putting Amer-ican lives at risk. This is truly incred-ible and historic. It is a national secu-rity breach by the President of incred-ible proportions. How in the world can we trust the President to put the na-tional security needs of the American people ahead of his own? There are a lot of parallels between the Watergate era and what we see today, but one major difference from the Nixon era to the Trump era is the willingness of Republicans in Congress to speak out against the abuse of power and to actually serve as a check on the Presidency. Back in Nixon’s day, there were Republicans in Congress who were willing to speak truth to power, to say: Enough of the lies and damage to our democratic institutions, and to put the country ahead of party. Listen, in November of 1973, just a few weeks after the Saturday Night Massacre, Senator Edward Brooke of Massachusetts was one of the first Re-publicans to stand up and say he did not feel the country could ‘‘stand the trauma that it has been through for the past few months.’’ In July of 1974, Republican Congress-man Lawrence Hogan of Maryland said: 
The evidence convinces me that my Presi-dent has lied repeatedly, deceiving public of-ficials and the American people. . . . Do we want to be the party loyalists who in ringing rhetoric condemn the wrongdoings and scan-dals of the Democratic Party and excuse them when they are done by Republicans? On the same day, Republican Con-gressman William Cohen of Maine said: 
I have been faced with the terrible respon-sibility of assessing the conduct of a Presi-dent that I voted for, believed to be the best man to lead this country, who has made sig-nificant lasting contributions toward secur-ing peace in this country and throughout the world, but a President who in the process, by act or acquiescence, allowed the rule of law and the Constitution to slip under the boots of indifference and arrogance and abuse. 
Republican Congressman from Vir-ginia M. Caldwell Butler said: 
For years we Republicans have campaigned against corruption and misconduct. . . . But Watergate is our shame. 
Republican Congressman Paul Fin-dley of Illinois, whom I ran against when I first had the privilege to serve in the House and whom today I call a friend, said a month later: 
Hearings of the Judiciary Committee and developments in the courts have, I believe, clearly established gross negligence, mal-administration and moral insensitivity on the part of the President. 
That same month, Republican Sen-ator Barry Goldwater from Arizona said: 
There are only so many lies you can take, and now there has been one too many. 
In fact, at the same time, Senate Re-publicans nominated Goldwater to de-liver a direct message to President Nixon. Goldwater, along with the House Republican leader, John Jacob Rhodes, and the Senate Republican leader, Hugh Scott, went to the White House, sat directly in front of Presi-dent Nixon’s desk, and explained that enough was enough. These courageous Republicans were, of course, talking about lies, corrup-tion, the obstruction of justice, and a danger to our democratic system of government emanating from the Nixon White House. They took our oath of of-fice to protect the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, and certainly above a party or short-term policy gain—they took it seriously, and to their courage, we and history owe them a debt of gratitude. So I ask today, amid a swirling and deeply troubling mix of lies—nearly 500 in just the first 100 days of this new Presidency—obfuscation, the with-holding of information, attempts to interfere with Federal investigations regarding possible collusion with a for-eign adversary, and thinly veiled threats against those involved in such investigations by our current Presi-dent, where are the many Republican patriots who are ready to stand up against these troubling abuses and threats? It has now been more than 7 months since 17 of our intelligence agencies provided overwhelming evidence of a Russian attack on our democracy and an attempt to help elect someone seen as more favorable to their interests, not our interests. The evidence was damning and continues to emerge. Yet what has this Congress done during this same 7-month period to uphold our oath to ‘‘support and defend the Con-stitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic’’? Have congressional Republicans launched an independent investigation into this historic cyber act of war as we did after 9/11? Unfortunately, no. Have congressional Republicans re-taliated against Russia for its actions by imposing sanctions or taking other actions, making sure its leadership knows it will pay a price for such at-tacks and think twice before doing so against the United States or at the ex-pense of our allies? No. Have Republicans in Congress passed meaningful cybersecurity legislation to help protect America against future attacks and help any States that re-quest help? No. Have Republicans demanded the ap-pointment of a special prosecutor and insisted that the White House turn over all documents regarding the Trump campaign and ties with Russia, including potentially Russian intel-ligence? No. Have Republicans demanded that the President explain why he keeps deny-ing Russia’s attack on our election in the face of overwhelming evidence? No. In fact, has the majority party done anything to respond to, protect against, or even address these trou-bling attacks and refusals to cooperate from the White House? Sadly, no. Let me tell you what the majority party has found time to pursue during the 7 months after an attack on our Nation—a cyber act of war that will live in cyber infamy. Some of this you simply cannot make up. The Republican majorities in the House and in the Senate passed legisla-tion making it easier to kill baby bear cubs and their mothers in their dens, making it easier to work with corrupt regimes overseas, making it harder for Americans to save for retirement, and they are trying to strip healthcare away from millions of Americans in order to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America. This is, quite simply, an abdication of the majority party’s responsibility in Congress to address an attack by a foreign power on our Nation and inves-tigate possible collusion by an erratic and sometimes deceptive White House. Let me close by asking my Repub-lican colleagues, whom I know care very deeply about the Senate and our Nation, When will you speak up about the travesty unfolding? When will you take even a fraction of the action that would have most certainly occurred if these outrages had occurred under a Democratic President? We need Republicans in Congress to stand up and protect our democratic institutions and to support a special prosecutor and an independent inves-tigation into the Russian election in-terference now. I am hopeful some Republican Sen-ators will have the courage to join us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.009 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2944 May 16, 2017 
in calling for a special prosecutor. We need someone above politics and above the controversy whom we can trust to really pursue the facts and the evi-dence, wherever it may lead, to deter-mine what we can do to protect Amer-ica from another Russian attack in our next election and to hold Russia ac-countable for what we have been through. It is time to do this on a bi-partisan basis. America is waiting. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). If no one seeks recognition, time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from Louisiana. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, it is fair to say that Americans are sick of partisanship when it comes to issues of greatest concern. They are asking, if you will, that we in the Senate put party behind us—behind the needs of the people. This is especially true when we are speaking of those issues of greatest importance, and I would argue that the replacement of the Affordable Care Act is one of those issues of great-est importance. Whatever the excuse, no Senator of either party should sit on the sidelines. This is such an important issue that every Senator, whatever her or his per-sonal views, should be engaged. We know President Trump’s prin-ciples, if you will. He laid them out time and again on the campaign trail. He wants to maintain coverage, lower premiums, care for those with pre-existing conditions, and eliminate the ObamaCare mandates upon individuals and businesses. At his inauguration speech, he spoke of the forgotten man and of the forgot-ten woman. In fact, we can see that just before his inauguration, he empha-sized that with what he said during the campaign: 
We’re going to have insurance for every-one. There’s a philosophy in some circles that if you can’t pay for it, you don’t get it. That is not going to happen to us. 
He also emphasized the quality of the care, saying that people covered under the law that he would propose to re-place can expect to have great healthcare. ‘‘It will be in a much sim-plified form. Much less expensive, much better,’’ he said to the Wash-ington Post just before he was sworn in. These are his principles. When he was sworn in and gave his inaugural address, speaking of the for-gotten man and the forgotten woman, I cannot help but think that he was in-fluenced as he went through counties seeing folks with terrible tales of their child dying from opioid addiction or their spouse unable to afford insurance under ObamaCare. I will point out that there is a huge dimension to this that we sometimes forget, but we should not. Senator J
ERRY MORAN from Kansas made the point that healthcare is like no other issue. It is an issue which touches us most personally. I think President Trump saw that on the campaign trail. He saw the parent of an adult child with mental illness, and she could not get a psychiatric bed for her child. We know the fate of that child if he does not have the care he needs. He will end up either in a homeless shelter, a jail cell, or the morgue. That is the human dimension to this, and that is why we need to help President Trump fulfill his pledge. Voters understand what we are speaking of; they understand the im-portance of it. But let me speak just a little bit more to the politics of this because we cannot separate what we do here in Washington, DC, from politics. There are researchers from Princeton who recently published a report. If you look at White males and females be-tween 18 and 54 who lack a college edu-cation, their life span is decreasing. Now, for Hispanics, African Americans, and other minorities, it is improving, but for this group, it is decreasing. I have seen data which shows that in the population centers of the United States in which this phenomenon is being most seen—these Whites from age 18 to 54, noncollege educated, their life span is decreasing—the counties in which this effect is most seen were most likely to vote for Donald Trump. Think about the politics of this. The politics are that a group of folks who understand that their life is materially and physically declining, with higher rates of suicide, addiction, liver dis-ease, and other chronic illness, ending in premature death, voted significantly more for the President who swore that he would remember them, who spoke of the forgotten man and the forgotten woman. His pledge to them was a life-line. Their vote for him was a cry for help. This is not just a human dimension; there is a political dimension leading to a policy necessity. Let’s stop for a second. There is a key issue of cost. We understand that the Affordable Care Act was too expen-sive. We can save money. But let’s not fool ourselves; it is still going to cost. We can save the $150 billion or so that the House suggested we have to save. We know the rules the Senate has to address to save at least that much money. On the other hand, we know that Congress has mandated people can get care; therefore, if Congress man-dates that folks get care, then Con-gress should help provide the means by which to pay for it. There are some who think, oh, my gosh, Congress does not need to provide for the money for care, and everything will be good. I am a physician. I have been in the emergency room at 2 in the morning, and at 2 in the morning, when those emergency room doors are open, whoever comes in is treated. She may have heart failure, he may have a drug overdose, they might be a schizo-phrenic, or they might be somebody vomiting blood. Each one of them re-ceives all the care that he or she needs to stabilize their emergency condition. And if they have to be hospitalized— think of a car wreck with multiple traumas—and they are in the hospital for 4 months, they still get that care because Congress mandates that. But, if Congress does not provide the means to pay for it, the cost of that care is shifted not to government; the cost of that care is shifted to the privately in-sured. All of those getting their insur-ance through their employer begin to pay higher premiums—much higher premiums. Somebody pays. And if we do not fulfill our obligation, after man-dating that those patients get cared for—we, being Congress—then society pays, and society is the person strug-gling to make ends meet and now finds out from her employer that her pre-mium has increased 20, 30, sometimes 50 percent—all because of the cost- shifting that occurs. It is not just the group market. Under ObamaCare, we can see that in the individual market, premiums have skyrocketed. It is not that the Afford-able Care Act is working so well. Last week I communicated with someone who lives in San Francisco, and she and her young family are paying $20,000 a year for a premium, $6,000 deductibles; none of them is sick, none of them will meet their deductibles, but living in a very expensive city, having to struggle to pay their mort-gage, groceries, and transportation, now they have to come up with $20,000 to pay for their healthcare. That is all because of the Affordable Care Act. Then I spoke with a person in Wash-ington, DC, and someone in Wash-ington DC—that person who is a con-sultant on insurance issues, knows in-surance backward and forward, says that for his family, the premium is $24,000 a year, with a $13,000 family de-ductible. The insurance expert says: I will be out $37,000 in a single year be-fore my insurance kicks in. Families cannot afford that. I will finish up lastly with a story from Louisiana. Folks never believe this because it seems too crazy, but I put it on my Facebook page. There is a couple back home, 60 and 61. They were quoted a premium of $39,000 for a pre-mium of one year, with a deductible on top of that—$39,000. We can see that in the individual market, the Affordable Care Act is not working, it is becoming the un-Affordable Care Act. We have to address this. But let me say, we have to address it whether we are a Democrat or a Repub-lican. We must respond to the cries for help coming from those folks suffering from addiction, mental illness, heart failure, or any other chronic disease for which they do not have coverage, but also to the cries for help from middle- class families who cannot afford these premiums, and if they don’t sacrifice something in the budget to pay for it, under the Affordable Care Act, they will be fined. Let’s return to the political side. The political side is that I have voters back home asking why Republican Senators 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.010 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2945 May 16, 2017 
are not helping a Republican President fulfill his pledge—a pledge to all vot-ers—but one that certain Republican voters specifically took to heart; that is, to fulfill his pledge of caring for those with preexisting conditions, con-tinuing coverage, lowering premiums, and eliminating mandates. If you are a Democratic Senator, the forgotten woman and the forgotten man is in your State too. I can promise you, even if you are not a Republican but you are a Democrat, you have an opioid crisis in your State. So if we are now looking at addressing Medicaid ex-pansion or the affordability of the indi-vidual market, and you are a Demo-cratic Senator and you decide to sit on the sideline—if you are a voter in that State, you should be asking why. Let’s face it. Speaking of my Demo-cratic colleagues, many of you do not like President Trump. Some of you hate President Trump. Some of you like him, but you have to pretend that you hate him. Even though this is President Trump’s pledge, this is not about President Trump. This about the voters—the patients, the people in our States who either cannot afford their insurance or who have an addiction or some mental illness or some other crit-ical mental healthcare need that, if this ObamaCare replacement is not done well, will leave them far worse off. I have heard some of the excuses from my Democratic colleagues as to why they cannot participate. They say: Oh, we are using the word ‘‘repeal’’ or, oh, we are not going through a normal committee process—oh, this, or oh, that. I concede it all. Who cares? If you are a voter right now, and your child is addicted to opioids, do you really care that there is a semantic issue regard-ing whether or not we are saying ‘‘re-peal’’ or ‘‘repair’’? Do you really care that after 8 years of hearings, we don’t have a few more hearings? Do you even understand the difference between rec-onciliation versus normal process? I would say no, because the principal thing that concerns you is that your child is desperate for help and you are not sure that the help will continue. So I say to my Democratic col-leagues: Whatever the excuse, ignore the excuse, and please engage. Let me finish where I started. I think the average American right now wants every Senator, whether Republican or Democrat, to help President Trump fulfill his pledge to maintain coverage, lower premiums, and care for those with preexisting conditions, without mandates. Every Senator should listen to the American people as they ask us to put patients over party, to put the American people over partisanship. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time during quorum calls until 12:30 p.m. today be equally di-vided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with my colleagues on the floor to talk about Police Week. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, during this week, all across the country, peo-ple are honoring the men and women who serve as law enforcement officials. Clearly, they deserve and receive rec-ognition every day for what they do, but this is an incredibly difficult job. Last night, I was with some of our of-ficers from Missouri and with family members, and I said: A lot of times, it is easier for you to walk out the door than it is for your family to see you walk out the door, not knowing what you are going to face every day. When Senator C
OONS and I came to the Senate 7 years ago, we created and cochaired the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus. It is a privilege to be part of that and also to speak today on behalf of those who serve us. This is a week in which we take a moment to recognize the law enforce-ment officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. Today, I want to pay tribute to three Missouri law en-forcement officers who were killed in the line of duty this past year. Master Sergeant Carl T. Cosper of the Barry County Sheriff’s Office was one of those, as were Officer Blake Curtis Snyder of the St. Louis County Police Department and Deputy Sheriff Paul Allen Clark of the St. Francois County Sheriff’s Office. Just last month, Master Sergeant Cosper was killed in a vehicle collision while responding to a domestic disturb-ance call. He had served the Barry County Sheriff’s Office for 10 years be-fore that fatal accident. In October of 2016, Officer Blake Sny-der was shot and killed while respond-ing to a disturbance. He had served the St. Louis County Police Department for 4 years. He is survived by his wife and their 2-year-old son. I had a chance last night to visit with his wife again. Elizabeth and her brother Justin, also a police officer in St. Louis County, were here earlier this year to talk about police and families and what we need to do to really express our under-standing of what those families go through, their strength and their reli-ance, both humbling and inspiring, and I am sure they are passing along those very values to Blake’s 2-year-old son. In July of 2016, Deputy Sheriff Paul Clark died from complications related to injuries he sustained in October of 2015 when he was intentionally struck by a stolen vehicle near Desloge, MO. Deputy Clark had served the St. Fran-cois County Sheriff’s Department for 13 years and had previously served with the Park Hills Police Department for 5 years. He is survived by his wife, two children, and by their grandchildren. All of these individuals are heroes, and our prayers remain with their fam-ilies. Let me now turn to Senator COONS . As I said earlier, he and I founded the Law Enforcement Caucus when we came to the Senate. We try on a reg-ular basis to have opportunities to talk about policing practices, family chal-lenges, and mental health issues that police deal with every day. I turn to Senator C
OONS for some comments. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from the State of Mis-souri. Working with Senator B
LUNT , my cochair of the Law Enforcement Caucus, has been a terrific experience. We have had the opportunity over sev-eral years and several Congresses now for more than a dozen conversations, where we invite law enforcement lead-ers from around the country to talk about partnership between Federal, State, and local law enforcement, in-telligence sharing, equipment issues, policy and operational issues to allow us to provide needed support for the men and women of law enforcement. It is my honor to join with several of my colleagues today to recognize the men and women of law enforcement as part of National Police Week. To-gether, we offer our gratitude and our support to the men and women of law enforcement and their families, who together support our communities. It is only May, and yet my home State of Delaware has already been re-minded of the tremendous risks and great sacrifices made by law enforce-ment officers and their families. In February of this year, Lieutenant Steven Floyd of the Delaware Depart-ment of Correction was killed on the job in a prison riot in Smyrna, the Delaware correctional center. He was a 16-year veteran of the department and left behind his wife of 28 years, Saundra; his children, Candyss, Steven, Jr., and Chyvante; and two grandsons. Just last month, Corporal Stephen Ballard of the Delaware State Police was senselessly gunned down while in-vestigating a suspicious vehicle. Cor-poral Ballard had served with the Dela-ware State Police for 8
1⁄2years and left behind his wife Louise and his daughter Abigail. Delawareans are still grieving for the loss of both of these brave men in the line of duty. As we recognize the entire law en-forcement community from across our country during National Police Week, we should honor their sacrifice by serv-ing them as well as they serve us. This week and every week, we must do ev-erything we can to honor our obliga-tions to fallen heroes and their fami-lies. In the wake of these losses in Dela-ware, I am committed to continuing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.012 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2946 May 16, 2017 
work with my colleagues across the aisle and across the country, like Sen-ators K
LOBUCHAR , CORNYN , and Senator B
LUNT , to make sure our officers have the resources they deserve to do their jobs and to come home safely at the end of every shift. That means con-tinuing to champion programs like the Bulletproof Vest Partnership, which literally saves officers’ lives. Delaware knows the importance of this long-run-ning program all too well. Two of our Delaware Capitol Police officers who were shot in the line of duty survived due to bulletproof vests provided through this vital and ongoing Federal- State partnership. I will also continue to work here in the Senate with colleagues to reform the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Program to make sure the families of officers who lose their lives or are per-manently disabled in the line of duty receive the benefits they deserve. Chairman G
RASSLEY , who has joined us here on the floor, is one of the lead cosponsors of this bill, along with Sen-ators H
ATCH , G ILLIBRAND , and K LO-
BUCHAR —is one of many cosponsors. This is a bill that will take important steps in these reforms, and it is just one step away from passing the Senate, and my understanding is it could head to the House of Representatives as early as later today. Of course, our commitment to serv-ing the men and women of law enforce-ment has to extend beyond the patrol car and the police station. Building and maintaining trust between law enforce-ment and the communities they serve is essential to preventing and reducing crime and keeping officers safe. That is why Senator B
LUNT and I have both taken steps to encourage the strategy of community policing, which helps of-ficers do their job more effectively in partnership with local communities. We have also continued to support local officials who are working to bring Federal resources, expertise, and con-vening power to help strengthen the bonds between the police and the com-munities they serve. In light of all these important ef-forts, we can’t let ideology or partisan politics in this Chamber prevent us from doing our job in support of law enforcement. We will fail those who serve us if we do so. We have to move forward in a bipartisan way to improve and invest in officer safety. That is why I am proud to stand with my col-league and partner from Missouri as cochairs of the Law Enforcement Cau-cus. The mission of this bipartisan group of Senators is simple: to bring law enforcement, community leaders, issue experts, and Republicans and Democrats together to share ideas and generate solutions to challenges facing State and local law enforcement. We have hosted more than a dozen brief-ings and events. Now more than ever, Senator B
LUNT  and I are committed to this mission. We are on the floor today to honor women and men, like Corporal Ballard and Lieutenant Floyd from Delaware, who put on the uniform and the badge every day, not knowing whether they will come home at the end of their shift. We are here today for their fami-lies, whose sacrifice and burden are heavy. When I attended Corporal Ballard’s moving memorial service earlier this month, the most powerful speaker among many was his widow, Louise. She stood up, stood tall, and with a smile on her face thanked the 3,000 offi-cers from 36 States across the country who had come to stand in solemn pro-cession and honor Corporal Ballard’s sacrifice and pay their respects. Louise Ballard said: This is my Stephen’s victory, when I get to see men and women from all over the coun-try who every single day get up and do a job. A job that’s hard, a job that requires heart. 
Few jobs are as hard or require as much heart as patrolling the streets and protecting our communities. This week, together we honor the service and sacrifice of those law en-forcement officers whose names have been added to the National Law En-forcement Officers Memorial this year and the hundreds of thousands, even millions, who even today, even tonight, will be on patrol keeping our commu-nities and our families safe. Mr. President, I yield to the chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, my colleague from Iowa and partner in legislating in the interest of law enforcement. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues from Missouri and Delaware for leading this effort to honor our law enforcement officers and particularly those who have been killed in the line of duty. In 1962, Congress passed a joint reso-lution proclaiming the week of May 15 as ‘‘National Police Week.’’ The National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial, located here in Wash-ington, DC, is our country’s monument to these fallen officers. Carved into the marble walls of the memorial are the names of the more than 20,000 officers killed in the line of duty throughout our Nation’s history. Every year, tens of thousands of fellow officers from around the world come to Washington, DC, as part of Police Week to pay trib-ute to the men and women whose names are inscribed on this wall. The planned events surrounding Po-lice Week began with the 36th Annual National Peace Officers’ Memorial Service, held on the west front of the U.S. Capitol. The President of the United States was the keynote speak-er, and his presence was a testament to the fraternity of this noble profession. Immediately following the service, there was a wreath-laying at the Na-tional Law Enforcement Officers Me-morial. The annual memorial service is an opportunity for all Americans to re-flect on the dedication of these public servants and the ultimate sacrifice they have paid for this great Nation. We should also acknowledge the fam-ilies of the fallen, whose lives have been forever changed by the loss of their loved ones. During the memorial service, there was a Roll Call of Heroes for the 143 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty last year. Their names will adorn the memorial walls in per-petuity. The list of the fallen include five of my fellow Iowans: Sergeant An-thony Davis Beminio of the Des Moines Police Department; Officer Susan Lou-ise Farrell of the Des Moines Police Department; Patrolman Justin Scott Martin of the Urbandale Police Depart-ment; Sergeant Shawn Glenn Miller of the West Des Moines Police Depart-ment; and Officer Carlos Bernabe Puente-Morales of the Des Moines Po-lice Department. We honor these great heroes for lay-ing down their lives to protect their communities in Iowa. There is no year in recent memory in which so many Iowans have lost their lives in the line of duty. I would like to specifically address the ambush-style killing of Sergeant Beminio and Officer Martin. These offi-cers were heinously murdered by the same perpetrator on the same night while they sat in their patrol cars. While the exact motive of the killer is unknown, he nevertheless sought out these brave men and gunned them down in cold blood. These ambush-style attacks have be-come more prevalent since the inci-dents in Dallas, TX, and Baton Rouge, LA, spanning 10 days last July. Accord-ing to a report by the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, there were a total of 21 officers killed in ambush-style attacks just last year—the highest total in two decades. There has been much vitriol written and directed toward law enforcement over the last few years. The notion that the actions of a few bad individ-uals implicate the entire profession may still, unfortunately, endanger pub-lic servants in the area of law enforce-ment. This sort of rush to judgment against all law enforcement officers ought to end and end right now. The men and women of law enforcement make great sacrifices every day to protect our fam-ilies and, of course, all of our fellow citizens. They do so freely, not out of a sense of obligation but because they are dedicated to the cause of justice. Their devotion merits our attention, admiration, and we are deeply indebted to them. This is why today I am sub-mitting a bipartisan resolution to com-memorate Police Week and honor those who have given their lives in this pursuit. I thank my colleagues in the Senate who have cosponsored this reso-lution with me. I call on all Americans to remember the fallen and pay tribute to the sac-rifices they have made. To quote the motto of the Fraternal Order of Police Auxiliary: ‘‘Never Let Them Walk Alone.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.014 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2947 May 16, 2017 
I hope that during Police Week, the Senate will pass my legislation to re-form the operations of the Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefit Program. Delays in the award of benefits to the families of fallen officers have become intolerable, and those families deserve to know the status of their applications during the process. In addition, the Judiciary Committee has reported two other bills that I hope the Senate will take up during Police Week. One bill sets standards for the use of a new form of DNA evidence. The second makes an allowable use of COPS grants for recruiting and promoting of military veterans as police officers. Finally, during Police Week, my Ju-diciary Committee will report a bill that is designed to provide mental health services to police officers who live through and with enormous stress as they work to protect us. I am pleased to join with my col-leagues in saluting the service of our law enforcement officers during Police Week. I yield the floor. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, before we turn to Senator C
ORNYN , I want to mention his leadership in the National Criminal Justice Commission Act and also thank Senator G
RASSLEY for mov-ing the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act out of his committee this week. Those are two of the things we clearly can do that will make a difference to people in law en-forcement and their families, and there has been no more strident advocate of families or those who serve in law en-forcement than the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am de-lighted to be here during Police Week, along with our colleagues from Mis-souri, Delaware, Minnesota, and Iowa to celebrate the men and women in blue who put their lives at risk so that our communities can be safer, more stable, more prosperous places. I am reflecting this week on the ter-rible experience in Dallas, TX, about a year ago when Chief David Brown in-spired the Nation with his response to the terrible tragedy there that took the lives of five Dallas police officers and injured seven more. Following the attack, Chief Brown made clear that if you want to see change or if you want to protest law enforcement, why not instead join their ranks and be a part of the solu-tion. I am grateful to him for his en-couragement of the young men and women who have many opportunities to serve their communities—many in uniform. The truth is, we can do a lot of good by inspiring confidence in law enforce-ment and showing our support for them. We saw what was referred to by the former Director of the FBI as the ‘‘Ferguson effect,’’ where, in fact, he said it was his view that many police officers were afraid of being criticized unjustly, so they withheld or were reti-cent in acting in the face of a criminal activity. We need to make sure that our law enforcement personnel know we are firmly behind them and we will always support them. As Chief Brown liked to point out, if somebody has crossed a line they should not cross, that is an appropriate subject for disciplinary ac-tion on a police force. There is never any excuse for assault-ing a police officer. That is the thin blue line between us and anarchy in our society. I thank the Senator from Minnesota for working with me on the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act that the chairman of the Judiciary Committee just mentioned. This bill will help State and local law enforcement hire more veterans into their ranks. Obvi-ously, that is relevant experience and training that can help our law enforce-ment departments across the country be better and take advantage of these great patriots who have now taken off one uniform to put on another. We know there are places in the country where, despite the best efforts of law enforcement, danger is spiking violent crime rates in some parts of the country due to dangerous criminals like the MS–13 gang, a vicious gang from Central America that is wreaking havoc in parts of the country. We can’t let our officers face these dangers with-out knowing we have their backs. I am delighted to be here with our colleagues celebrating National Police Week and making it clear to the men and women in blue that we unequivo-cally support them and stand by them and need to let all of our country men and women know that these are true American heroes who deserve our re-spect and support every day, not just during Police Week. I yield to our friend and our col-league from Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues today in rec-ognition of Police Week. I thank Sen-ator B
LUNT and Senator C OONS for bringing us together, as well as Sen-ator G
RASSLEY and Senator C ORNYN . Law enforcement officers play a crit-ical role in keeping our communities safe, and Police Week is all about hon-oring their dedication and sacrifice and, sadly for so many families, those officers who made the ultimate sac-rifice. Our officers are on the frontlines of public safety, and while most people run away from crime scenes or run away from disaster, they run bravely toward it. In my State, we were reminded all too well of the courageous dedication of law enforcement just this last year when Jason Falconer, an off-duty po-lice officer at a shopping mall spending his free time on his own, encountered a horrific scene of a man unhinged who was stabbing people in the St. Cloud shopping mall. Falconer didn’t even pause. He made sure that he saved the people who were wounded; 10 were wounded that day. So many would have been killed if he had not intervened— an off-duty officer. I think about Officer Shawn Schnei-der, who is no longer with us, in Lake City, MN. I met with his family several times. This was a brave officer, a pop-ular officer in a small community. One night he was called to the scene of a domestic abuse case. A young woman, scared, had called. He showed up at the door, and a man unhinged opened the door and shot and killed that officer. The story behind that officer and the people behind that officer are the ones who carry on his memory—his fellow officers, as we see this week during Po-lice Week, his family, his widow, and their three children. I will never forget sitting in the pews of that church and hearing the story as those three little kids walked down the aisle. There were two young boys and a girl in a blue dress covered in stars. The story was that the last time the family had been in that church and the last time those children had been in that church was for the church nativity play, and their dad, Officer Schneider, was sitting there watching them with such pride. A few weeks later, there they were at his funeral. Those are the people we remember during this important week. Our job as U.S. Senators is to treat them in the way that they treat their jobs. They go to work every day without fear or favor. That is what we have to do when we think about police officers. There are issues, as Senator COONS  mentioned, we need to work on—poli-cies and the relationship between offi-cers and our communities. We have to promote more community policing, more training, more recruiting. That is why I am very positive about these bills—the COPS bill I have with Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI , where we finally have bipartisan sponsorship for grants that have now helped to place approxi-mately 129,000 police officers on the beat in more than 13,000 State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies. In that community I mentioned, St. Cloud, are the recipients of some of the grants we are talking about. That is why Senator M
URKOWSKI and I are tak-ing on this issue, to make sure that this program continues to be funded and that, in fact, we reinforce the pro-gram. The bill Senator C
ORNYN just men-tioned that we are leading together to promote the hiring of veterans as law enforcement officers would encourage local police departments to hire and train veterans as cops while providing our veterans with the opportunity to continue to serve their communities. Yes, we can do all we can to have the backs of our officers and to work with them and our communities, but what we are doing this week is something a little different. We honor them. We rec-ognize their sacrifices, whether it is taking dangerous criminals off the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.016 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2948 May 16, 2017 
street, whether it is preventing ex-tremist groups from recruiting people in our neighborhoods, whether it is fighting the opioid abuse epidemic, whether it is simply giving a kid a sec-ond chance—and they do those kinds of things all the time. Law enforcement officers are doing some of the hardest and most impor-tant work out there. We owe our safety to them, and we thank them for their remarkable service. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, in conclu-sion, I thank my colleagues, Senators K
LOBUCHAR , G RASSLEY , C ORNYN , and B
LUNT , for joining us today in a col-loquy on the floor. It is a small but im-portant gesture of bipartisan support, sustained and long-lasting bipartisan support for the community of law en-forcement that serves each of us and our communities every day. I wish to yield to my friend Senator B
LUNT for his closing remarks. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
OONS . The pieces of legislation to support officers and their families are wide ranging, even legislation to be voted out of the Judiciary Committee today. It was exactly 1 year ago today that President Obama signed the Fallen He-roes Flag Act into law. This is a bill that I introduced along with my col-league that provides that American flags be flown over the U.S. Capitol and given to the families of firefighters, law enforcement officers, and other first responders who lose their lives in the line of duty. As Senator K
LOBUCHAR so well point-ed out, these are the people who run to danger when the rest of us are able to head the other way. We are grateful to them and grateful for them. Mr. President, I think we will yield the floor with great appreciation for the law enforcement officers who are being recognized this week. There are still too many names that Senator G
RASSLEY mentioned who will be added to the over 20,000 officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty since the country was founded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time from 2:15 p.m. until 5:15 p.m. today be equally divided in the usual form; and that at 5:15 p.m., all postcloture time be expired and the Senate vote on the Rosen nomination; that if the nomina-tion is confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate resume consideration of the Brand nomination; further, that notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Brand nomination occur at 12 noon on Wednesday, May 17; and that if cloture is invoked, the time count as if it were invoked at 1 a.m. on Wednesday; finally, that if cloture is invoked on the Brand nomination, the cloture vote on the Branstad nomina-tion occur following disposition of the Brand nomination; and that if cloture is not invoked on the Brand nomina-tion, the cloture vote on the Branstad nomination occur immediately fol-lowing the failed cloture vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. YOUNG ). The Senator from New Mexico. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, it is an honor to join my colleagues. I know Senator C
OONS and others have come together as a bipartisan group to talk about fallen police officers. It is with my greatest respect and deepest sympathy that today I honor five fallen New Mexico heroes on the floor of the Senate. These five brave men were police officers who died in the line of duty. Police officers who sacrificed their lives in service to the people of their communities and our State. Police Officer Jose Ismael Chavez was a member of the Hatch Police De-partment. While conducting a traffic stop in Hatch on August 12, 2016, one passenger exited and opened fire on Of-ficer Chavez. Officer Chavez is survived by his wife and two children. Secondly, Police Officer Clint E. Corvinus of Alamogordo was part of the Alamogordo Police Department and was shot while pursuing a sus-pected felon on foot in Alamogordo on September 2, 2016. Officer Corvinus is survived by his daughter. Deputy Sheriff Ryan Sean Thomas of the Valencia County Sheriff’s Depart-ment was responding to a call for serv-ice on December 6, 2016, when his pa-trol car left the roadway between Los Lunas and Belen, and overturned. He was ejected from his car. He is survived by his wife, daughter, and a baby boy after he died. Sheriff Steven Lawrence Ackerman, of the Lea County Sheriff’s Depart-ment, was killed in a single vehicle crash near Encino on January 17, 2017. Sheriff Ackerman had served with the Lea County Sheriff’s Department for 14 years and previously with the Lea County Detention Center for 12 years. He is survived by his wife, daughter, son, and grandson. Police Officer Houston James Largo, of the Navajo Tribal Police, was shot while responding to a domestic vio-lence call near Prewitt, NM. He passed away the next day on March 12, 2017. He was only 27 years old. There are no words to express the sadness or the gratitude we all feel to-ward these New Mexico officers and their families and toward all police of-ficers who are killed in the line of duty. We honor them all this Police Week and by legislation we introduced last week in the Senate to extend fly-ing the flag half-staff for the first re-sponders. We will push to give first re-sponders the respect they are owed by passing the Honoring Hometown He-roes Act. Every day, tens of thousands of po-licemen and policewomen serve our communities in myriad ways, from tracking down violent criminals to finding shelter for homeless persons. The police and their families deserve our respect, gratitude, and support every day. I thank you, Officer Chavez, Officer Corvinus, Deputy Sheriff Thomas, Sheriff Ackerman, and Officer Largo, from the bottom of my heart and with sincere appreciation. RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. President, the White House and President Trump face yet another cri-sis—perhaps the biggest in his chaotic term so far. According to the Wash-ington Post and other outlets, Presi-dent Trump disclosed highly classified information to the Russian Foreign Minister and Russian Ambassador to the United States in the Oval Office last week. This is utterly stunning. Congress needs to find out exactly what happened, on a bipartisan basis, but we can tell already that President Trump’s behavior in this incident is very dangerous. It is dangerous to our national security institutions, dan-gerous to the men and women overseas who are serving their country and risk-ing their lives. Many other outlets have confirmed the Washington Post article, and they have cited several sources. Assuming it is true, the President has endangered our relationship with a partner who gave our security agencies this information. That has ripple ef-fects that will risk similar relation-ships with other countries. It also could put our sources at risk. While his national security team de-nied the news reports this morning, the President was on Twitter contradicting them. He claims he has the right to tell the Russian Foreign Minister anything he wants. I can’t think of any parallel in history for the President’s dan-gerous lack of discretion or his dan-gerous misunderstanding of how to handle classified national security in-formation. As the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senator C
ORKER  put it this way: The White House is in a ‘‘downward spiral,’’ and he said it needs to get it ‘‘under control.’’ Sen-ator C
ORKER is a senior Republican. I know the Presiding Officer and I serve with him on the Foreign Relations Committee. He is a man I respect very much, and I hope the White House will listen to Chairman C
ORKER . It is very strange that the President chose to meet with the Russian Ambas-sador at the center of the Trump cam-paign’s contacts to Russia or to allow the Russian press with their electronic equipment into the meeting at the Oval Office, but let’s put these strange and dangerous events in the context of the last several weeks and months. America’s intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the U.S. election and that they favored the Trump campaign. Now the President is hosting senior Russian officials in the Oval Office and disclosing highly clas-sified information—information that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.017 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2949 May 16, 2017 
puts future intelligence and maybe lives at risk. The day after he fired the FBI Direc-tor, President Trump admitted on cam-era to NBC News that he did so in part because he is frustrated at the FBI’s investigation into Russian interference and potential Trump campaign con-tacts. Congress must get to the bottom of this. Republicans and Democrats must come together for real oversight. Based on what I see now, President Trump’s actions call into question his fitness for office and further under-score the imperative for independent investigations. It is not an exaggeration to say our Nation faces a constitutional crisis. Our Constitution is based on rule of law. In the United States, no man or woman is above the law, not even the President of the United States. Our constitutional democracy is remark-able for many reasons. One is that Presidential action has threatened the fabric of our democracy only a few times in our history. President Nixon’s Watergate scandal was one of them, and I believe we face another one today. President Trump’s firing of the FBI Director in the middle of an investiga-tion into the campaign that put him in office and the President’s bizarre be-havior since should concern all Ameri-cans regardless of party. The only ra-tional explanation is that he has some-thing to hide, that he wants to disrupt the investigation into Russia’s inter-ference in our election. What possible reason could the President have for wanting to hinder this investigation? It should be his highest priority to en-sure it never happens again. Instead he calls it ‘‘fake news.’’ Now, here is what we know. Early in the new administration, the White House Chief of Staff asked the FBI to publicly disavow reports that the FBI was investigating Trump campaign ties to Russia. This attempted political in-terference was wrong. The White House next set its sight on House Intelligence Committee chair D
EVIN NUNES , who was investigating Russian interference in the election. Representative N
UNES made midnight runs to the White House to view docu-ments that he said validated the Presi-dent’s claims that he was wiretapped. While the information did not ulti-mately prove that, Representative N
UNES still chose to go public with classified information before discussing it with his committee. This was circus- like behavior, which ultimately forced Representative N
UNES to recuse him-self from the committee’s investiga-tion. But it was also serious. It showed that the White House was willing to go to great lengths to interfere with the House investigation into the President. Next, the President fired Acting At-torney General Sally Yates. At the time, he claimed it was for refusing to defend his Executive order barring Muslims from the country. In the end, her analysis was correct. The Federal courts found the order to be unconsti-tutional. We now know that Ms. Yates was fired just days after notifying the White House that then-National Secu-rity Advisor Flynn had lied about his conversations with the Russian Ambas-sador. She had told the White House that Flynn’s own conduct ‘‘in and of itself was concerning.’’ She warned that the President’s chief advisor on matters of national security was susceptible to blackmail by Russia. It still took the President 18 days to fire Flynn. As Ms. Yates put it, ‘‘to state the obvious, you don’t want your national security advi-sor compromised with the Russians.’’ Now, the President has fired FBI Di-rector James Comey. It defies reason to believe that President Trump fired Mr. Comey because he was too hard on Secretary Clinton. We give the FBI Di-rector a 10-year term so that he or she can do the job free from political inter-ference and follow any investigation wherever it may lead, even into the Oval Office. A deluge of evidence has pointed to the conclusion that the President fired Director Comey for similar reasons as Sally Yates—be-cause he was unhappy with the FBI probe of Russian election interference and possible ties to the Trump cam-paign. It has been reported that Director Comey had sought additional resources for the investigation and was receiving daily briefings on the investigation days before he was fired. The U.S. at-torney’s office in Virginia had also issued grand jury subpoenas to persons with knowledge of Flynn’s ties with Russia and Turkey. Well-sourced media reports say the President had become increasingly angry with Director Comey’s public statements about the FBI’s investigation of him and because Mr. Comey would not confirm the President’s baseless claims that the President Obama administration wire-tapped Trump Tower. The President understood that Direc-tor Comey would not do his bidding and so he fired him. Still, the White House has flatly lied about the cir-cumstances of Mr. Comey’s dismissal. Numerous White House officials, in-cluding the Vice President himself, said the decision was at the rec-ommendation of Deputy Attorney Gen-eral Rod Rosenstein. They have said this publicly on the record and on cam-era. But President Trump himself contra-dicted them. He said again on camera that he had already decided to fire Di-rector Comey before receiving the Dep-uty Attorney General’s recommenda-tion. He made clear that he was frus-trated with the continuing counter-intelligence probe into Russia’s elec-tion influence. He was upset with Mr. Comey’s testimony before Congress. The White House also claimed that Director Comey had lost confidence at the FBI. But in a public hearing last week, my colleague and Senator from New Mexico, Mr. H
EINRICH , asked the FBI’s Acting Director if that was true, and the Acting Director strongly de-nied it. It has been well reported that the Deputy Attorney General threat-ened to resign based on the White House claims that Mr. Rosenstein ad-vocated for firing Director Comey. It seems clear that he was told to draft the cover story for the real rea-son. His memo was short and is dated the same day as the firing. Now, on what may be the worst de-velopment so far, the President of the United States is threatening on Twit-ter to release ‘‘tapes’’ of Mr. Comey. He is implying, not confirming, that he has tapes of their conversations and that he will release them if Mr. Comey talks to the press and the public. Mr. Comey knows he is well within his rights to speak publicly as long as he does not reveal classified informa-tion. The President’s comment is an-other example of interference. A sit-ting President is seeking to pressure a fired FBI Director against speaking out publicly, a man who is likely to be a witness before Congress. Mr. Comey reportedly would like to testify in an open hearing. Apparently, he doesn’t have anything to hide. We need to hear his testimony as soon as possible. Let’s find out if President Trump demanded the FBI Director’s loyalty. If the President does have tapes of their conversations, he should release them, or we need to subpoena them. But let’s get to the bottom of this. At this point, there is more than probable cause to believe that the President is attempting to obstruct the FBI and congressional investigations. President Trump seems to put himself above the law. Firing the FBI Director and the Acting Attorney General and interfering with a congressional inves-tigation are actions of an autocrat. As a former assistant U.S. attorney and attorney general for New Mexico, I have some experience with investiga-tions. When someone interferes with ongoing investigations, it seems clear that they have something to hide. That is not the behavior of an innocent per-son. Make no mistake, Russia’s inter-ference in our democratic process is an attack upon our Nation. If the Presi-dent or his associates colluded in any way with Russia in this attack, it would represent the most serious be-trayal of our Nation by a President. While there are rarely exact parallels in history, the parallel between Nixon’s Saturday Night Massacre and Presi-dent Trump’s Tuesday Night Massacre is hard to ignore. Nixon’s firing of the man heading the investigation into his actions led to his impeachment and resignation. Recall that the first article of impeachment was obstruction of justice. At that point in our history, both Congress and the Supreme Court stood resolute that the President was not above the law. Congress must again stand resolute that the President is not above the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.018 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2950 May 16, 2017 
law. It is well past time for Congress to appoint an independent commission like the 9/11 commission. It must investigate every aspect of Russia’s interference with our election and recommend steps to ensure it never happens again. It must inves-tigate whether Candidate Trump or his associates colluded with Russia to interfere with our Presidential elec-tion. Congress must do so swiftly and must give the commission sufficient resources to do the job. The Attorney General is com-promised. He has recused himself from any investigation into the Trump cam-paign. But I believe he violated the terms of his recusal when he weighed in on Director Comey’s termination. Several of us will be sending a letter this week to the Justice Department inspector general asking him to inves-tigate this specific issue. Now the President is about to nomi-nate a new FBI Director, presumably one he believes will be less independent than Director Comey, one who will not pursue the Russia investigation if it points to his campaign. Given these circumstances, Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein must ap-point a special counsel to conduct a counterintelligence investigation into Russia’s role in our election and, if necessary, a criminal investigation into the conduct of the Trump cam-paign and the administration. A special counsel must be appointed before we consider a new nominee for FBI Direc-tor. That nominee needs to be closely scrutinized by the Senate. We need a Director who is nonpartisan and has a law enforcement background. This per-son will be responsible for restoring Americans’ confidence in the FBI and ensuring that he or she does not pledge loyalty to the President but pledges loyalty to the Constitution. The majority in Congress must listen to the American public, must follow the lessons of history, and must pro-tect the rule of law and our Constitu-tion. In the United States, no person is above the law, not even—and espe-cially—the President of the United States. In my career in Congress, I have always believed you put the coun-try first. Party comes last. In their hearts, I know my Republican friends and colleagues feel the same. Congress and the Senate need to fulfill the roles the Founding Fathers envisioned: When the executive branch is moving outside the bounds of the rule of law, we must rein it in. It is well past time for action. 
f 
RECESS Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m. today. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:27 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:15 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Utah. NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, peace and order are the indispensable pillars of a stable society. They grant us security in our daily lives, trust in our commu-nities, and faith in our democratic in-stitutions. Where peace and order reign, so too does society thrive and prosper, but none of that is possible without our Nation’s 700,000 men and women in blue. Each and every day, these brave sons and daughters—brave souls—stand up for all of us. Each and every day, they stand guard, ready to do justice or risk harm—all on our behalf. So today I rise on behalf of a grateful Nation to recog-nize them. Their performance is excep-tional, and their sacrifice is immense. Far too often, we take our police offi-cers for granted. Far too often, we for-get how hard it is to win and how easy it is to lose the peace and order that we all enjoy, but our police officers never forget. They are always at the ready. As we honor them this week, we re-member that the question is not ‘‘What causes violence or what causes crime?’’ but rather, ‘‘What causes peace, and what causes security?’’ The answer is our men and women in blue. In celebration of our National Police Week, I wish to express my profound appreciation for our Nation’s law en-forcement community—the courageous men and women who each day put the safety of others before their own. Their success is impossible to fully measure. It cannot be counted in crime statistics or etched into medals. It can only be seen in the peace and order that their sacrifice makes possible. Therefore, allow me for a moment to speak directly to our police officers. Trust that your selflessness does not go unseen, that your service does not go unfelt, and that your sacrifice does not go unknown. We appreciate you, we support you, and we honor you. Law enforcement is among the noblest of professions. You are the brave guard-ians among us who fight for peace and protect the vulnerable from harm. On behalf of a grateful nation, I wish to thank you and your families for bear-ing the burden, shouldering the sac-rifice, and making us all proud. Let it be known that I proudly back the blue. This is a critical moment to show the police our support. We live in a time when law enforcement officials are not only underappreciated but often ma-ligned and, quite often, openly dispar-aged. Day in and day out, they suffer criticism and pressure. This week we let them know of our respect and admi-ration. Today, I wish to express my grati-tude for our men and women in uni-form by sharing stories of their her-oism. You see, we hear all about police mistakes, and we hear wall-to-wall coverage of the controversies, but we seldom hear about the acts of bravery and professionalism that distinguish our police officers as the finest in the world. In particular, I would like to re-late the account of Utahns Bre and Kayli Lasley, two sisters whose lives were saved by an on-duty police officer. In September 2015, a man armed with a knife climbed through a bedroom window in Bre and Kayli’s Salt Lake City apartment. Once inside, he bru-tally beat both sisters before pulling out a knife and repeatedly stabbing Bre. Just as the attacker raised his knife to Bre’s throat, Salt Lake City police officer Ben Hone charged into the room. He told the intruder to drop his knife. In that critical moment, with lives literally hanging in the balance, Bre remembers: 
That’s when I saw the officer, and he was our angel . . . I looked at the officer in his eyes, and he was so professional and calm. 
When the attacker refused to sur-render his weapon, Officer Hone raised his service pistol and fired, killing the armed intruder and saving Bre’s life. In that moment, Officer Hone was truly Bre’s guardian angel. She remembers: 
When [we] made eye contact, I knew I was safe. It’s a miracle that he had so much composure and was able to take that shot. 
In recognition of his heroism, Officer Ben Hone was honored by the National Associations of Chiefs of Police and the American Police Hall of Fame as the 2015 Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. I think it was an honor richly de-served. Officer Hone survived that day. For that, we give thanks, but the sad re-ality is that many lose their lives in the line of duty. So today I wish to honor those men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice and paid the highest price that society can ask. Our debt to them will not—indeed, can-not—be repaid. Among the fallen is Utah Highway Patrol Trooper Eric Ellsworth, who died only a few days after being struck by a car while on duty in Box Elder County. We also mourn the passing of West Valley City police officer Cody Brotherson and Greater Salt Lake Uni-fied Police Department officer Douglas Barney, who were both killed in the line of duty this past year in Utah. I express my deepest condolences to the families and friends of these brave heroes and the countless others who have experienced similar tragedies. Although we cannot bring these offi-cers back, we can honor their legacies by committing ourselves to supporting their brothers and sisters in uniform. To that end, I have introduced and co-sponsored a number of bills this Con-gress that are meant to assist law en-forcement as they serve our commu-nities. These bills include the Rapid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.020 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2951 May 16, 2017 
DNA Act, the Probation Officer Protec-tion Act, and the Child Protection Im-provements Act. Just yesterday, I joined Senator C
OONS in introducing the U.S. Marshals Service Hiring Im-provement Act, which was named in honor of U.S. Marshals Service deputy Patrick T. Carothers, who was a 26- year veteran of the U.S. Marshals Serv-ice who died in the line of duty in Georgia in November 2016. Last week, I was grateful to see the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably report my bipartisan bill—the Rapid DNA Act of 2017. This critical legisla-tion, which has garnered support from the National Association of Police Or-ganizations, the Fraternal Order of Po-lice, and the National District Attor-neys Association, updates the law and leverages advancements in rapid DNA technology to expedite analysis in the FBI’s Combined DNA Index System. If enacted, this commonsense proposal will enable law enforcement to analyze DNA in record time, reducing backlogs in rape kits and keeping violent crimi-nals off of our streets. By facilitating the use of rapid DNA technology, this bill will also help to exonerate those wrongly accused of crime. The Rapid DNA Act has received strong support from U.S. Attorney General Sessions. During his confirma-tion hearing, Attorney General Ses-sions said: 
Rapid DNA analysis is a hugely important issue for the whole American criminal jus-tice system. It presents tremendous opportu-nities to solve crimes in an effective way and produce justice because it’s the kind of thing that you can’t fake or mislead, so I am very strongly in favor of it.’’ 
In remarks before the Senate Judici-ary Committee, former FBI Director James Comey said that the Rapid DNA Act ‘‘will help us change the world in a very exciting way,’’ and it ‘‘will mate-rially advance the safety of the people of the United States.’’ Each time I talk to a police officer, I always hear nearly the same thing. They have no need for fanfare or fame. All they need is the public’s support and the tools necessary to do the job. In commemoration of National Police Week, let’s make sure to give them both. I encourage my colleagues to join me in passing these bills and in show-ing our heroes in blue the gratitude and admiration they deserve. 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT GENERAL  
CHRISTOPHER C . BOGDAN  
Mr. President, in addition to hon-oring our men and women who wear the police uniform, I wish to pay trib-ute to a seasoned leader who wears the military uniform—Lt. Gen. Christopher C. Bogdan. General Bogdan is the pro-gram executive officer of the F–35 Lightning II Joint Program Office. He is really a respected airman, a true pa-triot, and a dear friend. Nearly singlehandedly, he salvaged the F–35 program from ruin, providing much needed leadership at a critical time in the development of this impor-tant weapons system. He will be retir-ing this June after more than three decades of dedicated and decorated service in the U.S. Air Force. On behalf of a grateful nation, I wish to thank General Bogdan for his leadership, service, and his sacrifice. General Bogdan is an exceptional leader and a man of unwavering char-acter and integrity. Several years ago, the general was given the daunting task of saving the F–35 program from the clutches of ‘‘scandal and tragedy,’’ as Senator MCCAINonce so accurately described. During his tenure, General Bogdan overcame seemingly insur-mountable obstacles to right the ship at the F–35 program office. Along the way, he demanded the highest perform-ance from his own staff and industry partners to establish a corrective path forward. I first met General Bogdan in Octo-ber 2013, when I made a special visit to the F–35 program office in Arlington, VA. General Bogdan warmly greeted me before introducing me to all eight of the national deputies from the pro-gram’s partner nations. I was so im-pressed to see all of them in uniform— these great heroes from all of these other nations that are dependent upon the United States and our F–35 pro-gram. The general spoke briefly about how important this weapons system was not only to our own national secu-rity but also to the collective defense of the program’s partner nations—the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Italy, Turkey, Canada, Australia, Nor-way, and Denmark, and, in the case of military sales, Israel and Japan. At that moment, I realized just how vital this cutting-edge platform was to the cause of freedom around the globe. We then adjourned to General Bogdan’s office, where he asked for my help in three areas that would be crit-ical to bringing the F–35 to full oper-ational capability: activating depot workloads, expanding the Utah Test and Training Range, and building in-frastructure for the sustainment of F– 35 software—one of the most com-plicated and the most highly scientif-ically run airplane in the world. That day, I made a commitment to help General Bogdan. Years later, I am pleased to say that, in working to-gether, we were successful in achieving all three objectives. In last year’s Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, I of-fered an amendment to expand the Utah Test and Training Range by 40 percent, which is an increase of more than 1,000 square miles. With a little help from Congress, the depot activa-tions at Hill Air Force Base progressed quickly, enabling the Air Force to sta-tion its first operational F–35 squadron at the base last August. In working alongside State leaders, I was also able to generate support for the construc-tion of a software facility that will help sustain the F–35 for years to come. Without General Bogdan’s vision and strategic direction, none of these ac-complishments would have been pos-sible. It really is important. Utah is the only place over land where you had a big enough area where you could fly this immensely important F–35 and do the training that needed to be done— with live ordnance by the way. A year after we met, General Bogdan cleared his schedule so he could accom-pany me on a visit to the F–35 produc-tion line in Fort Worth, TX. There, I witnessed the current production run of over 100 F–35s progressing through the assembly line—truly a sight to be-hold. As planes moved out of the as-sembly line, General Bogdan explained critical challenges at each stopping point. I wondered how one man could be so intimately involved in every minute detail of the plane’s produc-tion, yet still have the capacity to lead at the highest levels. In that moment, I knew General Bogdan was the right man to be in the largest acquisition program the world has ever seen. When General Bogdan first took the helm of the F–35 Joint Program Office, he walked into a hostile environment, knowing full well he would face con-stant scrutiny and tremendous polit-ical pressure from all sides. He knew he would have to answer for every deci-sion he would make, but General Bogdan was more than up to the task. In his leadership of the F–35 Joint Pro-gram Office, General Bogdan embodied three core values of the U.S. Air Force: integrity first, service before self, and excellence in all they do. Both in the Air Force and in his pri-vate life, General Bogdan is a model of commitment and sacrifice. As great as his service to our Nation, the Air Force, and the F–35 program has been, it pales in comparison to the dedica-tion he has shown his lovely wife April and their two children, Amanda and Adam. Our Nation is safer today thanks to General Bogdan’s 34 years of distin-guished military service. I would like to congratulate my friend on the Sen-ate floor on a stellar Air Force career. I consider myself lucky to know Gen-eral Bogdan and even luckier to call him a friend. I wish him and April the very best as they begin the next chap-ter of their lives. This is a man for whom I have the ut-most respect. I lost my brother in the Second World War. He was a flier on a B–24 in one of the Palestine oil raids. I have to say that General Bogdan re-minds me of my brother and a lot of heroes I have met who have served this country so well. He is at the top of the list. I just think the world of him, I think the world of his family, and I wish him the absolute best. I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to honor the incredible men and women of our Nation’s law enforcement agencies. Each year, peace officers from all over the country and from countries all over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.022 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2952 May 16, 2017 
the world come to Washington, DC, to celebrate and remember the lives of their colleagues whom they have lost in the line of duty. The men and women who serve as peace officers in our Tribal, Federal, State, and local law enforcement agen-cies selflessly put their lives before the lives of those whom they have taken an oath to protect and serve. I am here to not only remember those peace officers we have lost but to thank each and every officer who puts on a uniform and a badge every day to protect our citizens and our communities. As a former attorney general of North Dakota, I have always had a spe-cial relationship and appreciation for law enforcement. Serving as the top law enforcement officer in my State will always be one of the most mean-ingful moments in my professional ca-reer. When I began serving as attorney general, law enforcement wasn’t one of the goals I had. So I told my head of the Bureau of Criminal Investigation, a brilliant leader by the name of Bill Broer, that he could just deal with the law enforcement portion of the job, and I would take responsibility for the rest of the job. Bill was going to have none of that, and consistently invited me along as he visited peace officers from all over the State, as we went to intel meetings, and as we talked about the challenges of equipping and staffing our law en-forcement agencies. I can tell my col-leagues that after 8 years of being North Dakota’s attorney general, that portion of the job was the job I miss and love the most because I worked with the finest collection of peace offi-cers in the country, and I could not be more proud to continue that work and work alongside of them as their U.S. Senator. I am here to thank each and every one of the peace officers who selflessly serve in communities throughout North Dakota and to let you know I don’t just appreciate the work you do and the sacrifices you and your family make each and every day, but I also have your back, 24/7, 365 days a year. I also come to the floor with a heavy heart, as I have had to come to the floor twice already in less than a year, to honor North Dakota peace officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. We lost Officer Jason Moszer of the Fargo Police Department on February 11, 2016. Less than a year later, we lost Rolette County Deputy Colt Allery on January 18, 2017. I say ‘‘we’’ because the loss of these fine, young peace offi-cers was felt across the entire State of North Dakota, and it still impacts their families, their departments, and our communities to this day. Both of these young men made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their State and their communities, each suc-cumbing to gunshot wounds inflicted by individuals who were prepared to in-flict even more damage and take more lives. The brave actions of these two peace officers prevented that from hap-pening. Officer Jason Moszer’s name was etched into the Peace Officer Memorial here in Washington, DC, this week, and his name was read out loud during a ceremony this past weekend honoring all the officers who died in the line of duty last year and whose names have been added to the wall. Officer Moszer’s name will now serve as an example not just to North Dako-tans but to people from all over this country and all around the world who visit the memorial each year. He will serve as an example of the best our State and country has to offer, an ex-ample of what it truly means to have lived and died so others may be safe; quite simply, an example for everyone of what it means to be a hero. We must also remember the families of our peace officers that sacrifice so much, not knowing if their loved ones will return each time they walk out the door. I want to recognize Officer Moszer’s family, his wife Rachel, his children Dillan and Jolee, his brother Brian, his sister Michelle, and espe-cially his parents Dave and Karen, who care so much and have sacrificed so much and today suffer that loss with their community, but, more impor-tantly, in private. So I know what Jason meant to you. I know what he means to you. He now belongs to the entire State of North Dakota. We will never forget his name or his sacrifice. To the men and women of the Fargo Police Department, led by a great guy, Chief David Todd, I commend all of you for your courage and strength, for standing alongside the Moszers every step of the way. Jason’s loss was your loss too. I stand in awe and apprecia-tion of the job you do each and every day, and I thank you. Next year, unfortunately, I will be coming to the floor again to honor Deputy Allery, as his name will be en-graved on the memorial wall. My heart breaks about having to do this again, but I also consider it an incredible privilege to honor the very best of what we as a State and country have to offer. To all of our peace officers, espe-cially those back home in North Da-kota, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your sacrifice to the peo-ple of Fargo and the State of North Da-kota. I also want to mention that we walk by peace officers every day—peace offi-cers who have the responsibility of pro-tecting the most iconic image of Amer-ican democracy; that is, the U.S. Cap-itol and the buildings we serve in. They stand ready to take anything that walks through that door. Let me tell you, anyone who thinks that is an easy job—trying to anticipate, trying to pay attention, and trying to know how to treat our citizens with the utmost re-spect but also recognizing that every one of those people coming through the door at any of these gates, any of these doors, could be intent on doing damage to this institution and causing death among the people we work with every day—it is an awesome responsibility and I think a responsibility that too often goes unattended and unrecog-nized and unappreciated. I want to stand today and give a shout-out not only to the great peace officers of my State but the great peace officers who serve with us every day. Whether they are in border patrol and protection, whether they are in Customs and Border Protection, wheth-er they are police officers at the parks, whether they are police officers serving all across these Federal agencies, whether it be ICE or the FBI, we should be proud of the work that they do. We should be standing with them in the work they do because their job is as important as our job, and that is to protect our country and protect our people. So I want to say it is not enough to just stand here and recognize the he-roes. If we really want to appreciate peace officers and peace officer week, and if we want to really honor peace of-ficers, every day is a day that we say thank you. Every day we pass a uni-form of a peace officer who is pro-tecting us, we say thank you. We rec-ognize their service, we recognize their sacrifice, and we recognize that all too often they are the only people who stand between us and chaos, who stand on that line and protect our country and protect our children and protect our citizens. May God bless all of our peace offi-cers and may God bless the United States of America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I, too, stand in honor of National Police Week. I want to thank my two previous colleagues from Utah and North Da-kota for their heartfelt tributes to the men and women in blue and the hard work they do in protecting us every day. National Police Week was estab-lished in Congress in 1962. National Po-lice Week is an opportunity to pay tribute to law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. It is also an opportunity to recognize and thank the members of our law en-forcement community in Nevada and throughout the country. Each day our law enforcement offi-cers put themselves at risk to protect our families and to protect our commu-nities. Their courage, selflessness, and commitment to serve is a reflection of what makes this country so great; that is, their willingness to answer the call—without being asked—to put the welfare of others over themselves. This commitment doesn’t come with-out tremendous sacrifice. I was re-minded of that earlier this month at the 30th annual James D. Hoff Peace Officer Memorial in Reno. The James Hoff Peace Officer Memo-rial is a tribute to Nevada law enforce-ment officers killed in the line of duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.024 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2953 May 16, 2017 
The memorial also recognizes officers who were placed in danger and sur-vived. Named after Reno Police Officer James Hoff, who was killed in 1979 by the suspects he was investigating, the memorial hosts an annual ceremony attended by State and local officials and members of the law enforcement community. It is always a privilege to attend this annual event honoring the heroism of fellow Nevadans whose names and legacies are enshrined in this memorial. At this year’s ceremony, we honored and celebrated the life of Detective Chad Parque, who served with the North Las Vegas Police Department for 10 years. At just 32 years old, Detective Parque tragically lost his life after his department vehicle was struck head-on by another vehicle earlier this year. Detective Parque is survived by his wife, children, and siblings, and mourned by all of those who had the privilege to know him. In describing Detective Parque, a fel-low law enforcement officer said: 
He was a ten-year officer and you could see the fire in his eyes as if he had just signed on. He loved his community. 
He served with passion and dignity. He will never be forgotten for the many contributions to North Las Vegas and to our great State. His plaque is now alongside other members of Nevada’s law enforcement community who were enshrined on this memorial from past years and whose stories continue to inspire all of us. In 2016, at least 144 law enforcement officers across this country lost their lives in the line of duty, a sharp in-crease from the previous year. Let’s not forget that behind the names—the many names—of those who have fallen are the people, spouses, children, and parents who may not have had a chance to say good-bye. Most of us will never know their pain, but we are deeply appreciative of their unwavering support for their commu-nity. While there is nothing we can do to bring back those who died in the line of duty, I am committed to doing everything I can at the Federal level to try to prevent it from happening to one more officer and one more family. I am proud to support the Back the Blue Act, legislation that increases penalties for killing law enforcement officials. The bill ensures that anyone who purposely targets law enforcement should, and would, face justice for that crime. The Nevada law enforcement commu-nity has my full support this Police Week—and every week and every day, each year they are on the job. To all our law enforcement officials, we are all indebted to you and your families for all your sacrifices, and I am personally and sincerely grateful for your dedication to the people of Ne-vada. To our protectors, our peacekeepers, and those who are first to answer the call for help and who run toward, not away, from danger, we thank you, and we honor you. I yield the floor. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose Jeffrey Rosen’s nomination to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of Transportation. Mr. Rosen has a troubling history of standing with in-dustry over consumers and opposing common sense public health and envi-ronmental protections. In both his time as general counsel at the Department of Transportation in the George W. Bush administration and his private sector work on behalf of in-dustry, Mr. Rosen advocated for limits on the agency’s authority to protect health and safety through the regu-latory process. In one case when he was at the Department of Transportation, the National Highway Transportation Safety Agency proposed a weak stand-ard for the required strength of vehicle roofs, which could collapse in rollovers. In addition to the weak standard, the rule would make it difficult for con-sumers who had been in accidents to seek damages from the companies re-sponsible. Mr. Rosen has also repeatedly ques-tioned the necessity of limiting carbon emissions from vehicles. He opposed ef-forts to improve fuel economy stand-ards that have spurred innovation, cut pollution, and saved consumers at the pump. Mr. Rosen’s ideological approach to regulation appears bent on minimizing rulemaking at any costs, regardless of the need. He has advocated for one-in, one-out regulatory schemes and ‘‘regu-latory budgeting’’ that place arbitrary limits that would interfere with the ability of agencies to implement the law. Agency leadership must focus on their mission and use the best avail-able science and data to guide imple-mentation of the law. Based on Mr. Rosen’s history, I am concerned that he may politicize rulemaking, so I must oppose his nomination today. Mr. HELLER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
USER FEES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, last year seems like a long time ago, but just 5 months ago, 94 Members of this body voted for a bill called the 21st Century Cures Act. Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL called it the most important legislation of the year. The Presiding Officer, the Senator from Ohio, had a major role in that leg-islation, especially the part having to do with opioids. This was legislation to spur research and development of cures, devices, and treatments for some of the most deadly and some of the most stubborn illnesses and diseases. Dr. Frances Collins, head of the Na-tional Institutes of Health—which he calls the ‘‘National Institutes of Hope’’—last year offered what he called bold predictions about major advances that we could expect over the next dec-ade with a sustained commitment to medical research. One prediction of Dr. Collins is that science will find ways to identify Alzheimer’s before symptoms appear, as well as how to slow down or even prevent the disease. Another is that doctors could use the patient’s own stem cells to rebuild his or her heart. An artificial pancreas will help diabetes patients by tracking blood glucose levels and by creating precise doses of insulin. He also predicts a Zika vaccine, a universal flu vaccine, and an HIV/AIDS vaccine in the next 10 years. To relieve suffering and deal with the epidemic of opioid addiction, Dr. Col-lins predicts new, nonaddictive pain treatments to manage pain. The 21st Centuries Cures Act became a law last year and authorized 4.8 bil-lion new dollars for medical research, on top of the support Congress already provides through the annual appropria-tions process. Because of bipartisan support, that was an extra $2 billion last year and an extra $2 billion this year. The way we add up money around here, over 10 years, that is $20 billion over 10 years last year and another $20 billion this year, which includes the $4.8 billion authorized in the 21st Cen-tury Cures legislation, all for medical research. The next step in our efforts to turn Dr. Collins’ predictions into a reality and to help America’s patients benefit from all the research we are helping support is to fund the Food and Drug Administration. The FDA, as we call it, is the agency responsible for making good on the promise of the 21st Cen-turies Cures Act to actually reach America’s patients. Before September 30 of this year, four different FDA user fee agreements need to be reauthorized. They need to be acted on by the Senate, by the House, and sent to the President of the United States. These user fees are paid by manufacturers of drugs and medical de-vices and account for $8 billion to $9 billion over 5 years and over a quarter of all FDA funding. Last week, 21 of the 23 members of the Senate HELP Committee voted to send to the Senate floor a bill reau-thorizing those four user fee agree-ments based on recommendations from industry and from the FDA after a thorough and lengthy public process. The FDA Reauthorization Act, spon-sored by me and by Senator MURRAY , the distinguished Senator from Wash-ington who is the ranking Democrat on our Senate HELP Committee, reau-thorizes the four user fee agreements that expire at the end of September. The four agreements are, No. 1, the prescription drug user fee, which ac-counted for 70 percent of the brand drug review budget last year; No. 2, medical device user fee amendments, which accounted for 36 percent of the medical device review budget in fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 May 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.025 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2954 May 16, 2017 
year 2016; the generic drug user fee amendments, which accounted for over 75 percent of the generic drug review budget in fiscal year 2016; and the bio-similar user fee amendments, which ac-counted for 29 percent of the biosimilar review budget in fiscal year 2016. So here is my message to colleagues: The U.S. Senate has the opportunity to provide Americans with a prompt, bi-partisan reauthorization of the Food and Drug Administration user fee agreements and, in doing so, take the next crucial step in helping Americans see the benefits of the results of our 21st Century Cures Act passed last year. If we do not move quickly to pass these agreements in late July, the FDA will be forced to send layoff notices to more than 5,000 FDA employees to no-tify them that they may lose their job in 60 days. As I said, these reauthorizations are based on recommendations both from industry and from the Food and Drug Administration after a thorough public process. The FDA posted meeting min-utes after every negotiation and held public meetings before discussions began and to hear feedback on the draft recommendations last fall. Patients were also involved in devel-oping commitment letters. We have re-ceived support from patient groups asking us to authorize the agreements expeditiously. In Congress, over the last 15 months, the Senate HELP Committee, of which I am chairman and Senator M
URRAY is the ranking Democrat, had 15 bipar-tisan briefings, some of which were with the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee of the House of Representatives, and heard, as well, from the FDA and industry about the reauthorization. Our HELP Committee held two bipar-tisan hearings earlier this year on the Food and Drug Administration medical device and drug user fees and released a discussion draft of our legislation on April 14, which provided 2 weeks for public comment. I go into all this because I want ev-eryone to see how thoroughly this has been discussed and how important it is. The committee then worked in a bi-partisan way to incorporate comments from the public and from members of the committee. The manager’s amendment—which we approved in the committee last week, as I said, by a vote of 21 to 2—in-cludes many priorities that are broadly bipartisan. Here are a few examples: legislation from Senators I
SAKSON and B
ENNET to improve the medical device inspection process; a provision from Senator H
ASSAN , Democrat, and Sen-ator Y
OUNG , Republican, to improve communication about abuse-deterrent opioid products; from Senators F
RANKEN , Democrat, and Senator E NZI, Republican, a provision to encourage medical device development for chil-dren and make sure FDA has the ap-propriate expertise to review devices for children; from Senator B
ALDWIN , a provision to make sure the full experi-ence of clinical trial participants is studied; from Senator BURR and Sen-ator Y
OUNG , additional reporting to make sure that the FDA is meeting their goals and that we can do proper oversight of the new agreements. It in-cludes legislation by Senators C
ASEY , F
RANKEN , and W ARREN on a pilot project on studying medical devices after approval to make sure they work as intended. A provision from Senator C
ASSIDY requiring additional guidance for complex generics, like EpiPens, so manufacturers know what they have to do to make a generic version, was also included. A provision to make new hearing aid technology available came from Senators W
ARREN and I SAKSON , as well as a provision from Senators R
OB-
ERTS , DONNELLY , and B URR to allow more appropriate classification of ac-cessories used with medical devices. In the committee markup last week, we unanimously adopted these bipar-tisan amendments, which follow: an amendment from Senator C
OLLINS , which reflected legislation from Sen-ators C
OLLINS , FRANKEN , M CCASKILL , and C
OTTON on improving generic drug development and helping to lower pre-scription drug costs; an amendment from Senators H
ATCH , BURR, and C ASEY  to improve patient access to clinical trials. A delay in reauthorizing these agree-ments would delay the review of drugs and devices submitted after last April 1—more than a month ago. If we don’t pass these reauthorizations into law on time, which means by the end of July, an FDA reviewer who gets started re-viewing a cancer drug submitted to the agency in April would be laid off on Oc-tober 1, before the reviewer is able to finish his or her work. In addition to harming patients and harming families who rely on medical innovation, a delay in the reauthorization would threaten America’s global leadership in biomedical innovation. After reviewing the recommenda-tions from industry and from the FDA, I am convinced these are good agree-ments for patients. The sooner we pass this legislation, the better, to give cer-tainty to patients, doctors, FDA re-viewers, and companies. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS’ BENE-FITS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 10, S. 419. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 419) to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grass-ley substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 216) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 419), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 74, S. 139. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 139) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 139 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. RAPID DNA INSTRUMENTS. 
(a) S TANDARDS .—Section 210303(a) of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14131(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In addition to issuing standards as provided in paragraphs (1) through (4), the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion shall issue standards and procedures for the use of Rapid DNA instruments and re-sulting DNA analyses. ‘‘(B) In this Act, the term ‘Rapid DNA in-struments’ means instrumentation that car-ries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) I
NDEX .—Paragraph (2) of section 210304(b) of the DNA Identification Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.027 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2955 May 16, 2017 
1994 (42 U.S.C. 14132(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) prepared by— ‘‘(A) laboratories that— ‘‘(i) have been accredited by a nonprofit professional association of persons actively involved in forensic science that is nation-ally recognized within the forensic science community; and ‘‘(ii) undergo external audits, not less than once every 2 years, that demonstrate compli-ance with standards established by the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion; or ‘‘(B) criminal justice agencies using Rapid DNA instruments approved by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in compliance with the standards and proce-dures issued by the Director under section 210303(a)(5); and’’. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO COLLECTION OF DNA IDENTI-FICATION INFORMATION. 
(a) F ROM CERTAIN FEDERAL OFFENDERS .— Section 3 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. (b) F
ROM CERTAIN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  O
FFENDERS .—Section 4 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation may waive the re-quirements under this subsection if DNA samples are analyzed by means of Rapid DNA instruments and the results are in-cluded in CODIS.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Rapid DNA instruments’ means instrumentation that carries out a fully automated process to derive a DNA analysis from a DNA sample.’’. f 
AMERICAN LAW ENFORCEMENT HEROES ACT OF 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 75, S. 583. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 583) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 583) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 583 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PRIORITIZING HIRING AND TRAINING OF VETERANS. 
Section 1701(b)(2) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)(2)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, including by prioritizing the hiring and training of veterans (as defined in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘Nation’’. f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Ju-diciary be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 867 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 867) to provide support for law en-forcement agency efforts to protect the men-tal health and well-being of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 867) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 867 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Law En-forcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SUPPORT FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT AGEN-CIES. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—The At- torney General shall consult with the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to Congress a report, which shall be made publicly available, on Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs mental health practices and services that could be adopted by Federal, State, local, or tribal law enforcement agen-cies. (b) C
ASESTUDIES .—The Director of the Of-fice of Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices shall submit to Congress a report— (1) that is similar to the report entitled ‘‘Health, Safety, and Wellness Program Case Studies in Law Enforcement’’ published by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services in 2015; and (2) that focuses on case studies of programs designed primarily to address officer psycho-logical health and well-being. (c) PEERMENTORING PILOT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 1701(b) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (21), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (22), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(23) to establish peer mentoring mental health and wellness pilot programs within State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies.’’. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORT FOR MENTAL HEALTH PRO-VIDERS. 
The Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall develop resources to educate mental health providers about the culture of Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforce-ment agencies and evidence-based therapies for mental health issues common to Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement offi-cers. 
SEC. 4. SUPPORT FOR OFFICERS. 
The Attorney General shall— (1) in consultation with Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies— (A) identify and review the effectiveness of any existing crisis hotlines for law enforce-ment officers; (B) provide recommendations to Congress on whether Federal support for existing cri-sis hotlines or the creation of an alternative hotline would improve the effectiveness or use of the hotline; and (C) conduct research into the efficacy of an annual mental health check for law enforce-ment officers; (2) in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the head of other Federal agencies that employ law enforce-ment officers, examine the mental health and wellness needs of Federal law enforce-ment officers, including the efficacy of ex-panding peer mentoring programs for law en-forcement officers at each Federal agency; and (3) ensure that any recommendations, re-sources, or programs provided under this Act protect the privacy of participating law en-forcement officers. f 
GRANTING THE CONSENT AND AP-PROVAL OF CONGRESS TO THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, THE STATE OF MARYLAND, AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TO ENTER INTO A COMPACT Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Ju-diciary be discharged from further con-sideration of S.J. Res. 22 and the Sen-ate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the joint resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) granting the consent and approval of Congress to the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the estab-lishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.003 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2956 May 16, 2017 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I further ask unanimous consent that the joint reso-lution be considered read a third time and passed, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. The preamble was agreed to. The joint resolution, with its pre-amble, reads as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 22 Whereas the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, an interstate com-pact agency of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland, provides transportation services to millions of people each year, the safety of whom is paramount; Whereas an effective and safe Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority system is essential to the commerce and prosperity of the National Capital region; Whereas the Tri-State Oversight Com-mittee, created by a memorandum of under-standing amongst these 3 jurisdictions, has provided safety oversight of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority; Whereas section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, requires the creation of a le-gally and financially independent State au-thority for safety oversight of all fixed rail transit facilities; Whereas the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland intend to create a Washington Metrorail Safety Commission to act as the State safety oversight authority for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Au-thority system under section 5329 of title 49, United States Code; and Whereas this compact is created for the benefit of the people of the District of Co-lumbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland and for the increase of their safety, commerce, and prosperity: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the consent and ap-proval of Congress is hereby given to the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, and the State of Maryland to enter into a compact, substantially as follows, for the safety oversight of the Washington Met-ropolitan Area Transit Authority system, which compact, known as the Metrorail Safety Commission Interstate Compact, has been negotiated by representatives of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland: ‘‘ARTICLE I ‘‘DEFINITIONS ‘‘1. As used in this MSC Compact, the fol-lowing words and terms shall have the mean-ings set forth below, unless the context clearly requires a different meaning. Capital-ized terms used herein, but not otherwise de-fined in this MSC Compact, shall have the definitions set forth in regulations issued under section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, as they may be revised from time to time. ‘‘(a) ‘Alternate Member’ means an alter-nate member of the Board; ‘‘(b) ‘Board’ means the board of directors of the Commission; ‘‘(c) ‘Commission’ means the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission; ‘‘(d) ‘Member’ means a member of the Board; ‘‘(e) ‘MSC Compact’ means this Wash-ington Metrorail Safety Commission Inter-state Compact; ‘‘(f) ‘Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan’ means the comprehensive agency safe-ty plan for a rail transit agency required by section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, and the regulations issued thereunder, as may be amended or revised from time to time; ‘‘(g) ‘Public Transportation Safety Certifi-cation Training Program’ means the Federal certification training program, as estab-lished and amended from time to time by ap-plicable Federal laws and regulations, for Federal and State employees, or other des-ignated personnel, who conduct safety audits and examinations of public transportation systems, and employees of public transpor-tation agencies directly responsible for safe-ty oversight; ‘‘(h) ‘Safety Sensitive Position’ means any position held by a WMATA employee or con-tractor designated in the Public Transpor-tation Agency Safety Plan for the WMATA Rail System and approved by the Commis-sion as directly or indirectly affecting the safety of the passengers or employees of the WMATA Rail System; ‘‘(i) ‘Signatory’ means the State of Mary-land, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the District of Columbia; ‘‘(j) ‘State’ or ‘jurisdiction’ means the Dis-trict of Columbia, the State of Maryland, or the Commonwealth of Virginia; ‘‘(k) ‘Washington Metropolitan Area Tran-sit Authority’ or ‘WMATA’ is the entity cre-ated by the WMATA Compact, which entity is responsible for providing certain rail fixed guideway public transportation system serv-ices; ‘‘(l) ‘WMATA Compact’ means the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Compact (Public Law 89–774; 80 Stat. 1324); and ‘‘(m) ‘WMATA Rail System’ or ‘Metrorail’ means the rail fixed guideway public trans-portation system and all other real and per-sonal property owned, leased, operated, or otherwise used by WMATA rail services and shall include WMATA rail projects under de-sign or construction by owners other than WMATA. ‘‘ARTICLE II ‘‘PURPOSE AND FUNCTIONS ‘‘2. The Signatories to the WMATA Com-pact hereby adopt this MSC Compact pursu-ant to section 5329 of title 49, United States Code. The Commission created hereunder shall have safety regulatory and enforce-ment authority over the WMATA Rail Sys-tem and shall act as the State safety over-sight authority for WMATA under section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, as may be amended from time to time. WMATA shall be subject to the Commission’s rules, regulations, actions, and orders. ‘‘3. The purpose of this MSC Compact is to create a State safety oversight authority for the WMATA Rail System, pursuant to the mandate of Federal law, as a common agency of each Signatory, empowered in the manner hereinafter set forth to review, approve, oversee, and enforce the safety of the WMATA Rail System, including, without limitation, to— ‘‘(a) have exclusive safety oversight au-thority and responsibility over the WMATA Rail System pursuant to Federal law, includ-ing, without limitation, the power to re-strict, suspend, or prohibit rail service on all or part of the WMATA Rail System as set forth in this MSC Compact; ‘‘(b) develop and adopt a written State safety oversight program standard; ‘‘(c) review and approve the WMATA Pub-lic Transportation Agency Safety Plan; ‘‘(d) investigate hazards, incidents, and ac-cidents on the WMATA Rail System; ‘‘(e) require, review, approve, oversee, and enforce Corrective Action Plans developed by WMATA; and ‘‘(f) meet other requirements of Federal and State law relating to safety oversight of the WMATA Rail System. ‘‘ARTICLE III ‘‘ESTABLISHMENT AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘A. Washington Metrorail Safety Commis-sion ‘‘4. The Commission is hereby created as an instrumentality of each Signatory, which shall be a public body corporate and politic, and which shall have the powers and duties set forth in this MSC Compact. ‘‘5. The Commission shall be financially and legally independent from WMATA. ‘‘B. Board Membership ‘‘6. The Commission shall be governed by a Board of 6 Members with 2 Members ap-pointed or reappointed (including to fill an unexpired term) by each Signatory pursuant to the Signatory’s applicable laws. ‘‘7. Each Signatory shall also appoint or reappoint (including to fill an unexpired term) one Alternate Member pursuant to the Signatory’s applicable laws. ‘‘8. An Alternate Member shall participate and take action as a Member only in the ab-sence of one or both Members appointed from the same jurisdiction as the Alternate Mem-ber’s appointing jurisdiction and, in such in-stances, may cast a single vote. ‘‘9. Members and Alternate Members shall have backgrounds in transit safety, trans-portation, relevant engineering disciplines, or public finance. ‘‘10. No Member or Alternate Member shall simultaneously hold an elected public office, serve on the WMATA board of directors, be employed by WMATA, or be a contractor to WMATA. ‘‘11. Each Member and Alternate Member shall serve a 4-year term and may be re-appointed for additional terms, except that each Signatory shall make its initial ap-pointments as follows: ‘‘(a) One Member shall be appointed for a 4- year term. ‘‘(b) One Member shall be appointed for a 2- year term. ‘‘(c) The Alternate Member shall be ap-pointed for a 3-year term. ‘‘12. Any person appointed to fill a vacancy shall serve for the unexpired term. ‘‘13. Members and Alternate Members shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable and necessary expenses and shall be com-pensated for each day spent meeting on the business of the Commission at a rate of $200 per day or at such other rate as may be ad-justed in appropriations approved by all of the Signatories. ‘‘14. A Member or an Alternate Member may be removed or suspended from office only for cause in accordance with the laws of such Member’s or Alternate Member’s ap-pointing jurisdiction. ‘‘C. Quorum and Actions of the Board. ‘‘15. Four Members shall constitute a quorum, and the affirmative vote of 4 Mem-
bers is required for action of the Board. Quorum and voting requirements under this section may be met with one or more Alter-nate Members pursuant to section 8. ‘‘16. The Commission action shall become effective upon enactment unless otherwise provided for by the Commission. ‘‘D. Oath of Office ‘‘17. Before entering office, each Member and Alternate Member shall take and sub-scribe to the following oath (or affirmation) of office or any such other oath or affirma-tion as the constitution or laws of the Signa-tory he or she represents shall provide: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.032 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2957 May 16, 2017 
‘‘I, lllllllllll, hereby solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and de-fend the Constitution and the laws of the United States as a Member (or Alternate Member) of the Board of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission and will faith-fully discharge the duties of the office upon which I am about to enter. ‘‘E. Organization and Procedure ‘‘18. The Board shall provide for its own or-ganization and procedure. Meetings of the Board shall be held as frequently as the Board determines, but in no event less than quarterly. The Board shall keep minutes of its meetings and establish rules and regula-tions governing its transactions and internal affairs, including, without limitation, poli-cies regarding records retention that are not in conflict with applicable Federal record re-tention laws. ‘‘19. The Commission shall keep commer-cially reasonable records of its financial transactions in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. ‘‘20. The Commission shall establish an of-fice for the conduct of its affairs at a loca-tion to be determined by the Commission. ‘‘21. The Commission shall adopt sub-sections (a) through (d) and subsection (g) of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act’) and section 552b of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Government in Sunshine Act’), as both may be amended from time to time, as its free-dom of information policy and open meeting policy, respectively, and shall not be subject to the comparable laws or policies of any Signatory. ‘‘22. Reports of investigations or inquiries adopted by the Board shall be made publicly available. ‘‘23. The Commission shall adopt a policy on conflict of interest that shall be con-sistent with the regulations issued under section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, as they may be revised from time to time, which, among other things, places appro-priate separation between Members, officers, employees, contractors, and agents of the Commission and WMATA. ‘‘24. The Commission shall adopt and uti-lize its own administrative procedure and procurement policies in conformance with applicable Federal regulations and shall not be subject to the administrative procedure or procurement laws of any Signatory. ‘‘F. Officers and Employees ‘‘25. The Board shall elect a Chairman, Vice Chairman, Secretary, and Treasurer from among its Members, each for a 2-year term and shall prescribe their powers and du-ties. ‘‘26. The Board shall appoint and fix the compensation and benefits of a chief execu-tive officer who shall be the chief adminis-trative officer of the Commission and who shall have expertise in transportation safety and one or more industry-recognized trans-portation safety certifications. ‘‘27. Consistent with section 5329 of title 49, United States Code, as may be amended from time to time, the Commission may employ, under the direction of the chief executive of-ficer, such other technical, legal, clerical, and other employees on a regular, part-time, or as-needed basis as it determines necessary or desirable for the discharge of its duties. ‘‘28. The Commission shall not be bound by any statute or regulation of any Signatory in the employment or discharge of any offi-cer or employee of the Commission, but shall develop its own policies in compliance with Federal law. The MSC shall, however, con-sider the laws of the Signatories in devising its employment and discharge policies, and when it deems it practical, devise policies consistent with the laws of the Signatories. ‘‘29. The Board may fix and provide policies for the qualification, appointment, removal, term, tenure, compensation benefits, work-er’s compensation, pension, and retirement rights of its employees subject to Federal law. The Board may also establish a per-sonnel system based on merit and fitness and, subject to eligibility, participate in the pension, retirement, and worker’s compensa-tion plans of any Signatory or agency or po-litical subdivision thereof. ‘‘ARTICLE IV ‘‘POWERS ‘‘A. Safety Oversight Power. ‘‘30. In carrying out its purposes, the Com-mission, through its Board or designated em-ployees or agents, shall, consistent with Fed-eral law— ‘‘(a) adopt, revise, and distribute a written State Safety Oversight Program; ‘‘(b) review, approve, oversee, and enforce the adoption and implementation of WMATA’s Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan; ‘‘(c) require, review, approve, oversee, and enforce the adoption and implementation of any Corrective Action Plans that the Com-mission deems appropriate; ‘‘(d) implement and enforce relevant Fed-eral and State laws and regulations relating to safety of the WMATA Rail System; and ‘‘(e) audit every 3 years the compliance of WMATA with WMATA’s Public Transpor-tation Agency Safety Plan or conduct such an audit on an ongoing basis over a 3-year time frame. ‘‘31. In performing its duties, the Commis-sion, through its Board or designated em-ployees or agents, may do the following: ‘‘(a) Conduct, or cause to be conducted, in-spections, investigations, examinations, and testing of WMATA personnel and contrac-tors, property, equipment, facilities, rolling stock, and operations of the WMATA Rail System, including, without limitation, elec-tronic information and databases through reasonable means, which may include issuance of subpoenas. ‘‘(b) Enter upon the WMATA Rail System and, upon reasonable notice and a finding by the chief executive officer that a need exists, upon any lands, waters, and premises adja-cent to the WMATA Rail System, including, without limitation, property owned or occu-pied by the Federal Government, for the pur-pose of making inspections, investigations, examinations, and testing as the Commis-sion may deem necessary to carry out the purposes of this MSC Compact, and such entry shall not be deemed a trespass. The Commission shall make reasonable reim-bursement for any actual damage resulting to any such adjacent lands, waters, and premises as a result of such activities. ‘‘(c) Compel WMATA’s compliance with any Corrective Action Plan or order of the Commission by such means as the Commis-sion deems appropriate, including, without limitation, by— ‘‘(1) taking legal action in a court of com-petent jurisdiction; ‘‘(2) issuing citations or fines with funds going into an escrow account for spending by WMATA on Commission-directed safety measures; ‘‘(3) directing WMATA to prioritize spend-ing on safety-critical items; ‘‘(4) removing a specific vehicle, infrastruc-ture element, or hazard from the WMATA Rail System; and ‘‘(5) compelling WMATA to restrict, sus-pend, or prohibit rail service on all or part of the WMATA Rail System with an appro-priate notice period dictated by the cir-cumstances. ‘‘(d) Direct WMATA to suspend or dis-qualify from performing in any Safety Sen-sitive Position an individual who is alleged to or has violated safety rules, regulations, policies, or laws. ‘‘(e) Compel WMATA’s Office of the Inspec-tor General, created under WMATA Board Resolution 2006–18, or any successor WMATA office or organization having similar duties, to conduct safety-related audits or investiga-tions and to provide its findings to the Com-mission. ‘‘(f) Take such other actions as the Com-mission may deem appropriate consistent with its purpose and powers. ‘‘32. Action by the Board under section 31(c)(5) shall require the unanimous vote of all Members present and voting. The Com-mission shall coordinate its enforcement ac-tivities with appropriate Federal and State governmental authorities. ‘‘B. General Powers ‘‘33. In addition to the powers and duties set forth above, the Commission may— ‘‘(a) sue and be sued; ‘‘(b) adopt, amend, and repeal rules and regulations respecting the exercise of the powers conferred by this MSC Compact; ‘‘(c) create and abolish offices, employ-ments, and positions (other than those spe-cifically provided for in this MSC Compact) necessary or desirable for the purposes of the Commission; ‘‘(d) determine a staffing level for the Com-mission that is commensurate with the size and complexity of the WMATA Rail System, and require that employees and other des-ignated personnel of the Commission, who are responsible for safety oversight, be quali-fied to perform such functions through ap-propriate training, including, without limi-tation, successful completion of the Public Transportation Safety Certification Train-ing Program; ‘‘(e) contract for or employ consulting at-torneys, inspectors, engineers, and such other experts necessary or desirable and, within the limitations prescribed in this MSC Compact, prescribe their powers and duties and fix their compensation; ‘‘(f) enter into and perform contracts, leases, and agreements necessary or desir-able in the performance of its duties and in the execution of the powers granted under this MSC Compact; ‘‘(g) apply for, receive, and accept such payments, appropriations, grants, gifts, loans, advances, and other funds, properties, and services as may be transferred or made available to it by the United States govern-ment or any other public or private entity or individual, subject to the limitations speci-fied in section 42; ‘‘(h) adopt an official seal and alter the same at its pleasure; ‘‘(i) adopt and amend by-laws, policies, and procedures governing the regulation of its af-fairs; ‘‘(j) appoint one or more advisory commit-tees; and ‘‘(k) do such other acts necessary or desir-able for the performance of its duties and the execution of its powers under this MSC Com-pact. ‘‘34. Consistent with this MSC Compact, the Commission shall promulgate rules and regulations to carry out the purposes of this MSC Compact. ‘‘ARTICLE V ‘‘GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘A. Annual Safety Report ‘‘35. The Commission shall make and pub-lish annually a status report on the safety of the WMATA Rail System, which shall in-clude, among other requirements established by the Commission and Federal law, status updates of outstanding Corrective Action Plans, Commission directives, and on-going investigations. A copy of each such report shall be provided to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.008 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2958 May 16, 2017 
‘‘(a) the Administrator of the Federal Transit Administration; ‘‘(b) the Governor of Virginia, the Gov-ernor of Maryland, and the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia; ‘‘(c) the Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia; ‘‘(d) the President of the Maryland Senate and the Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates; ‘‘(e) the President of the Virginia Senate and the Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates; and ‘‘(f) the General Manager and each member of the board of directors of WMATA. ‘‘36. The Commission may prepare, publish, and distribute such other safety reports that it deems necessary or desirable. ‘‘B. Annual Report of Operations ‘‘37. The Commission shall make and pub-lish an annual report on its programs, oper-ations, and finances, which shall be distrib-uted in the same manner provided by section 35. ‘‘38. The Commission may also prepare, publish, and distribute such other public re-ports and informational materials as it deems necessary or desirable. ‘‘C. Annual Independent Audit ‘‘39. An independent annual audit shall be made of the financial accounts of the Com-mission. The audit shall be made by quali-fied certified public accountants selected by the Board, who shall have no personal inter-est, direct or indirect, in the financial affairs of the Commission or any of its officers or employees. The report of audit shall be pre-pared in accordance with generally accepted auditing principles and shall be distributed in the same manner provided by section 35. Members, employees, agents, and contrac-tors of the Commission shall provide access to information necessary or desirable for the conduct of the annual audit. ‘‘D. Financing ‘‘40. The Commission’s operations shall be funded, independently of WMATA, by the Signatory jurisdictions and, when available, by Federal funds. The Commission shall have no authority to levy taxes. ‘‘41. The Signatories shall unanimously agree on adequate funding levels for the Commission and make equal contributions of such funding, subject to annual appropria-tion, to cover the portion of Commission op-erations not funded by Federal funds. ‘‘42. The Commission may borrow up to 5 percent of its last annual appropriations budget in anticipation of receipts, or as oth-erwise set forth in the appropriations budget approved by all of the Signatories, from any lawful lending institution for any purpose of this MSC Compact, including, without limi-tation, for administrative expenses. Such loans shall be for a term not to exceed 2 years, or at such longer term approved by each Signatory pursuant to its laws as evi-denced by the written authorization by the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Governors of Maryland and Virginia, and at such rates of interest as shall be acceptable to the Commission. ‘‘43. With respect to the District of Colum-bia, the commitment or obligation to render financial assistance to the Commission shall be created, by appropriation or in such other manner, or by such other legislation, as the District of Columbia shall determine; pro-vided, that any such commitment or obliga-tion shall be approved by Congress pursuant to the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (Public Law 93–198; 87 Stat. 774). ‘‘44. Pursuant to the requirements of sec-tions 1341, 1342, 1349, 1350, 1351, 1511, and 1519 of title 31, United States Code, and sections 47–105 and 47–355.01 to 355.08 of the D.C. Offi-cial Code (collectively referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Anti-Deficiency Acts’), the Dis-trict of Columbia cannot obligate itself to any financial commitment in any present or future year unless the necessary funds to pay that commitment have been appropriated and are lawfully available for the purpose committed. Thus, pursuant to the Anti-Defi-ciency Acts, nothing in the MSC Compact creates an obligation of the District of Co-lumbia in anticipation of an appropriation for such purpose, and the District of Colum-bia’s legal liability for the payment of any amount under this MSC Compact does not and may not arise or obtain in advance of the lawful availability of appropriated funds for the applicable fiscal year. ‘‘E. Tax Exemption ‘‘45. The exercise of the powers granted by this MSC Compact shall in all respects be for the benefit of the people of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland and for the in-crease of their safety, commerce, and pros-perity, and as the activities associated with this MSC Compact shall constitute the per-formance of essential governmental func-tions, the Commission shall not be required to pay any taxes or assessments upon the services or any property acquired or used by the Commission under the provisions of this MSC Compact or upon the income therefrom, and shall at all times be free from taxation within the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland. ‘‘F. Reconsideration of Commission Orders ‘‘46. WMATA shall have the right to peti-tion the Commission for reconsideration of an order based on rules and procedures devel-oped by the Commission. ‘‘47. Consistent with section 16, the filing of a petition for reconsideration shall not act as a stay upon the execution of a Commis-sion order, or any part of it, unless the Com-mission orders otherwise. WMATA may ap-peal any adverse action on a petition for re-consideration as set forth in section 48. ‘‘G. Judicial Matters ‘‘48. The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Southern Divi-sion, and the United States District Court for the District of Columbia shall have ex-clusive and original jurisdiction of all ac-tions brought by or against the Commission and to enforce subpoenas under this MSC Compact. ‘‘49. The commencement of a judicial pro-ceeding shall not operate as a stay of a Com-mission order unless specifically ordered by the court. ‘‘H. Liability and Indemnification ‘‘50. The Commission and its Members, Al-ternate Members, officers, agents, employ-ees, or representatives shall not be liable for suit or action or for any judgment or decree for damages, loss, or injury resulting from action taken within the scope of their em-ployment or duties under this MSC Compact, nor required in any case arising or any ap-peal taken under this MSC Compact to give a supersedeas bond or security for damages. Nothing in this section shall be construed to protect such person from suit or liability for damage, loss, injury, or liability caused by the intentional or willful and wanton mis-conduct of such person. ‘‘51. The Commission shall be liable for its contracts and for its torts and those of its Members, Alternate Members, officers, agents, employees, and representatives com-mitted in the conduct of any proprietary function, in accordance with the law of the applicable Signatory (including, without limitation, rules on conflict of laws) but shall not be liable for any torts occurring in the performance of a governmental function. The exclusive remedy for such breach of con-tract or tort for which the Commission shall be liable, as herein provided, shall be by suit against the Commission. Nothing contained in this MSC Compact shall be construed as a waiver by the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Virginia, or the State of Mary-land of any immunity from suit. ‘‘I. Commitment of Parties ‘‘52. Each of the Signatories pledges to each other faithful cooperation in providing safety oversight for the WMATA Rail Sys-tem, and, to affect such purposes, agrees to consider in good faith and request any nec-essary legislation to achieve the objectives of this MSC Compact. ‘‘J. Amendments and Supplements ‘‘53. Amendments and supplements to this MSC Compact shall be adopted by legislative action of each of the Signatories and the consent of Congress. When one Signatory adopts an amendment or supplement to an existing section of this MSC Compact, that amendment or supplement shall not be im-mediately effective, and the previously en-acted provision or provisions shall remain in effect in each jurisdiction until the amend-ment or supplement is approved by the other Signatories and is consented to by Congress. ‘‘K. Withdrawal and Termination ‘‘54. Any Signatory may withdraw from this MSC Compact, which action shall con-stitute a termination of this MSC Compact. ‘‘55. Withdrawal from this MSC Compact shall be by a Signatory’s repeal of this MSC Compact from its laws, but such repeal shall not take effect until 2 years after the effec-tive date of the repealed statute and written notice of the withdrawal being given by the withdrawing Signatory to the governors or mayor, as appropriate, of the other Signato-ries. ‘‘56. Prior to termination of this MSC Com-pact, the Commission shall provide each Sig-natory— ‘‘(a) a mechanism for concluding the oper-ations of the Commission; ‘‘(b) a proposal to maintain State safety oversight of the WMATA Rail System in compliance with applicable Federal law; ‘‘(c) a plan to hold surplus funds in a trust for a successor regulatory entity for 4 years after the termination of this MSC Compact; and ‘‘(d) a plan to return any surplus funds that remain 4 years after the creation of the trust. ‘‘L. Construction and Severability ‘‘57. This MSC Compact shall be liberally construed to effectuate the purposes for which it is created. ‘‘58. If any part or provision of this MSC Compact or the application thereof to any person or circumstances be adjudged invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such judgment shall be confined in its operation to the part, provision, or application directly involved in the controversy in which such judgment shall have been rendered and shall not affect or impair the validity of the re-mainder of this MSC Compact or the applica-tion thereof to other persons or cir-cumstances, and the Signatories hereby de-clare that they would have entered into this MSC Compact or the remainder thereof had the invalidity of such provision or applica-tion thereof been apparent. ‘‘M. Adoption; Effective Date ‘‘59. This MSC Compact shall be adopted by the Signatories in the manner provided by law therefor and shall be signed and sealed in 4 duplicate original copies. One such copy shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Maryland, the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the Sec-retary of the District of Columbia in accord-ance with the laws of each jurisdiction. One 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.008 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2959 May 16, 2017 
copy shall be filed and retained in the ar-chives of the Commission upon its organiza-tion. This MSC Compact shall become effec-tive upon the enactment of concurring legis-lation by the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland, and consent thereto by Congress and when all other acts or actions have been taken, including, without limitation, the signing and execution of this MSC Compact by the Governors of Maryland and Virginia and the Mayor of the District of Columbia. ‘‘L. Conflict of Laws ‘‘60. Any conflict between any authority granted herein, or the exercise of such au-thority, and the provisions of the WMATA Compact shall be resolved in favor of the ex-ercise of such authority by the Commission. ‘‘61. All other general or special laws in-consistent with this MSC Compact are here-by declared to be inapplicable to the Com-mission or its activities.’’. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, this week, our Nation observes Na-tional Police Week. This year, during National Police Week, we pay tribute to 143 officers who died in the line of duty during 2016—among them, Ser-geant Allen David Brandt of the Fair-banks Police Department. I come to the floor to acknowledge not only Ser-geant Brandt but all those officers who served us so honorably. Sergeant Brandt’s wife Natasha and children, Fritz, Kate, Claire, and Belle have traveled all the way from Fair-banks to participate in the events this week. They are accompanied by Allen’s best friend, Officer Phil McBroom of the North Pole Police Department, as well as a large group of colleagues from the Fairbanks Police Department, led by Chief Eric Jewkes. Chief Jewkes, joined by Sergeant Lockwood and Officer Werner, came into Washington for Police Week in a somewhat unique way. They joined 2,200 officers from around the Nation in a 4-day charity bike ride from North-ern New Jersey to Washington, DC. They call it the Police Unity Tour, and their motto is: ‘‘We ride for those who died.’’ Police Week begins with the dedica-tion of names added this year to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial on Judiciary Square. That dedication occurs during a very, very moving candlelight vigil at the begin-ning of Police Week. The candlelight vigil was conducted on Saturday evening on the National Mall this year. Chief Jewkes, in full uniform, read Allen’s name before a crowd numbering 10,000 people or more. A bell was rung, acknowledging the loss of Allen David Brandt. Allen’s name was the only Alaska name added to the wall this year. I wish to thank Craig Floyd, who is the president of the National Law En-forcement Officers Memorial Fund, for the courtesy in affording Chief Jewkes this special honor. Allen’s name is now inscribed in per-petuity on the memorial wall among the 21,000 officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice. His name appears on the bottom of Panel 21–East. This week, the shoulder patch of the Fair-banks Police Department is affixed at the top of that panel. Quite coinciden-tally, a few lines up on that same panel are the names of Officers Matt Tokuoka and Anthony Wallace of the Hoonah Police Department, who were brought down by an assailant’s bullet in 2010. During Police Week, we do not dwell on the circumstances under which law enforcement officers gave their lives. We rather focus on how they lived their exemplary lives, and, yes, we pay our respects to the fallen, but Police Week also looks forward. The annual sur-vivor’s seminar, sponsored by Concerns of Police Survivors, which helps those who have suffered a law enforcement tragedy grieve and ultimately recover, is an important part of this week as well. While so much of Police Week is for the law enforcement family, those of us in Washington cannot help but notice what is going on around us—officers in uniform, honor guards, motorcycles, police cars from around the country, the entire law enforcement family— Federal, State, local, Tribal, and vis-iting officers from places like Canada, England, and Israel. Many visiting officers bring their spouses. Some bring their children. We are able to truly see the faces behind those uniforms and those badges, and we can look into the eyes of the fami-lies. Let me say a few words about the children who have come in for the ob-servance. You see them on the Metro, sitting atop their father’s shoulders. Daddy is wearing his dress uniform. At the candlelight vigil, one of my staff members witnessed a U.S. Park Police officer, in uniform, explaining to her young daughter the meaning of the ceremony. You experience the words of the children at the memorial wall itself, where Emma Moody, the 10-year- old daughter of a fallen California offi-cer, left a hand-drawn memorial to her dad, and it reads: 
When I get to heaven the first thing I am going to do is find you. The second thing I will do is never ever let you go again. 
When you experience things like this, you cannot help but appreciate the hu-manity behind the uniforms—a father, a mother, an aunt, an uncle, a friend, a colleague, a neighbor. Law enforce-ment is no stranger to controversy. Yet it is so important that we see be-yond controversy; that when we look at an officer we see the humanity that runs toward danger and not from it; the humanity that responds to every call for service, not knowing whether it will be the last; the humanity that kisses a child goodbye before beginning a shift, not knowing whether he will ever see those children again; the hu-manity that was Allen Brandt. The story I just recited is Allen’s story. Allen was released from the hos-pital after being shot five times by an assailant. He died from complications associated with a second series of sur-geries. Allen lived long enough to appear be-fore the Fairbanks City Council and thank the community for their sup-port. He also offered some very cau-tionary words. He said: Our officers do a very hard job, most of the time thankless. Working weekends when their friends are with their families. Work-ing nights and sleeping during the day. We need your support and not just when bad things happen. 
A few weeks later, Anchorage Police Officer Arn Salao thought he was re-sponding to a call involving a dispute between a cabdriver and his passenger. When he arrived at the scene, he was ambushed and shot four times. Miracu-lously, Officer Salao survived his inju-ries. In spite of these tragedies, it is dispiriting that people continue to challenge law enforcement. Last week, Colonel James Cockrell, retired after 30 years with the Alaska State Troop-ers, and just prior to his retirement, reflected on the dangers troopers face. Assaults on Alaska State Troopers are up, from 52 in 2013 to 131 last year. I wish to share with the Senate a few lines from an interview with KTUU in Anchorage. Colonel Cockrell said: 
I think there’s generally a little bit less re-spect for law enforcement. I think a lot of that spurred from the Lower 48. We’re having troopers contact people in a one-on-one situ-ation. Individuals are more apt to fight with us if they think they have an advantage, when we don’t have backup. We don’t have two or three troopers responding to a high risk crime in progress. The consequences are that people are more apt to fight with our Troopers. 
All of this is deeply tragic. As I look across the Nation, we are not really seeing any signs of abatement. Some might be attributable to the opioid cri-sis, some to a loss of respect for law en-forcement, and some simply because suspects challenge law enforcement in hopes of evading them. This year, law enforcement has al-ready suffered 48 line-of-duty deaths, 17 of those from gunfire. This fact is not lost on the officers from Interior Alas-ka who are in our Nation’s Capital this week. It is not lost on those who are considering law enforcement careers but decide to perhaps take a pass, leav-ing critical vacancies in agencies throughout the country. Law enforce-ment remains very dangerous work, and for all the satisfaction that comes from serving people in their darkest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.008 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2960 May 16, 2017 
moments, there are no guarantees the officer will return home. I hope that, during this National Po-lice Week and throughout the year, we will reflect on Allen Brandt’s final words: ‘‘Law enforcement needs our support and not just when bad things happen.’’ In these times, law enforcement needs that support now more than ever. On behalf of my Senate colleagues, I offer my continued condolences to Natasha Brandt and her family, to Allen Brandt’s colleagues, and to sur-vivors of law enforcement tragedies ev-erywhere. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CHINA  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I have come to the floor today as part of my office’s Expression NOT Oppression ini-tiative, which highlights human rights abuses around the world and the plight of individuals imprisoned or oppressed for simply exercising their God-given rights. Earlier this month, we observed World Press Freedom Day, which serves as a reminder that freedom of expression is a fundamental, universal human right and that a free press is vital to a free society. We should never take for granted the freedom of the press we enjoy here in the United States. These rights are an integral part of the bedrock of any healthy democracy, and in too many parts of the world, they are non-existent or under assault. According to Reporters Without Bor-ders’ 2017 World Press Freedom Index, press freedom is threatened now more than ever. Governments around the world continue to crack down on their citizens’ access to information. Out of 180 countries, Burundi dropped from 156 to 160. Most problematic for press free-dom, Egypt dropped from 159 to 161, and Bahrain dropped from 162 to 164. Additionally, Reporters Without Bor-ders has reported that at least nine journalists have been killed already in 2017. Several were killed in Mexico, here in our own hemisphere. It is hard to believe that people are being thrown in jail or worse simply because govern-ment officials don’t like what they write or publish, but that is what is happening, especially in countries like China, Russia, Iran, and Saudi Arabia, just to name a few. The case I come to the floor today to highlight is that of Huang Qi, who has long been targeted by the Chinese Gov-ernment because of his advocacy for the rights of ordinary citizens and his coverage of the Chinese Government’s violation of those rights. In November of last year, the police reportedly burst into his residence and ransacked his home and took him to detention. In December of last year, Chinese pros-ecutors authorized Huang’s arrest for allegedly ‘‘illegally providing state se-crets overseas,’’ a charge that can re-sult in a sentence of life imprisonment. The Committee to Protect Journalists described his detention as part of ‘‘an intensified crackdown on online jour-nalists and bloggers who report on pro-tests and human rights abuses.’’ Huang founded the 64 Tianwang human rights website in 1998. The Chi-nese Government has blocked access to 64 Tianwang since 2003, according to Radio Free Asia, because the site cov-ers issues deemed politically sensitive by authorities, such as protests and government corruption. Authorities previously sentenced Huang to 3 years in prison in November 2009 for ‘‘illegal possession of state se-crets’’—this in connection with his work assisting parents who lost chil-dren during the 2008 Sichuan earth-quake. In addition, Chinese authorities sentenced Huang to 5 years in prison in 2000 for ‘‘subversion’’ for his advocacy on behalf of the families of the 1989 Tiananmen protest victims—a solemn anniversary we will mark next month. In short, Huang, a veteran activist, is no stranger to the Chinese Govern-ment’s silencing of dissent. His life’s work is a testament to fearless report-ing regardless of what consequences may follow. While his own government views him as a threat, outside of China, his work is widely praised and recog-nized. Reporters Without Borders awarded the 2016 Press Freedom Award to his website. His case has been cham-pioned by Human Rights Watch, Free-dom House, and others, including the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, which I am proud to chair. His case is featured in the Commis-sion’s Political Prisoner Database, which presently contains more than 1,400 active prisoner records—a stag-gering but far from exhaustive number. Huang is committed to reporting the facts—facts that describe the daily struggles of Chinese citizens. For this, he has suffered greatly, including re-ported torture and mistreatment in de-tention, unjust imprisonment, and dep-rivation of his most basic rights. The Chinese Government should im-mediately and unconditionally release him. The United States should make this case and the cases of many others like him languishing unjustly behind bars in China or tortured into ‘‘confessing’’ to ‘‘crimes’’ they did not commit, priorities—we should make these priorities in our bilateral engage-ment with Beijing. It is the second point—the torture and mistreatment of rights defenders— that brings to mind another troubling case, that of prominent rights lawyer Xie Yang. His wife, who recently ar-rived in the United States with her two young children, will testify before the House Foreign Affairs Committee later this week. Xie has bravely taken on sensitive cases, including land grab victims and advocates for democratic reform. Chinese security agents de-tained him as part of the 709 Crack-down—a sweeping, nationwide cam-paign against Chinese rights lawyers and advocates that started on July 9, 2015. The plight of 45-year-old Mr. Xie burst onto the international scene in January 2017 when his attorneys re-leased transcripts of their meetings with him. The transcripts recount the threats of his inquisitors. They said: ‘‘We’ll torture you to death just like an ant.’’ Another warned: ‘‘I’m going to torment you until you go insane.’’ He told his lawyers: ‘‘I wanted to end their interrogation of me as quickly as I could, even if it meant death. . . . Later, I wrote down whatever they wanted.’’ As if foreshadowing the fate that awaited him, he had earlier writ-ten a letter in detention in which he cautioned, ‘‘If one day in the future I admit guilt . . . that will not be a true expression of my thoughts.’’ Fast-forward to last week. He was charged with ‘‘inciting subversion of state power and disrupting court order’’ and pled guilty in a recorded video released by the court and widely reported in major media outlets. He said: ‘‘I want to take this opportunity to express to other rights lawyers my view now that we should give up using contact with foreign media and inde-pendent media to hype sensitive news events, attack judicial institutions and smear the image of the nation’s party organs while handling cases. . . . ‘’ He continued in that same coerced statement: ‘‘Everyone should take me as a warning to certainly stay within the framework of the law and avoid being exploited by Western anti-China forces.’’ Yet, despite these warnings and the Chinese Government’s unyielding as-sault on human rights, there are still men and women committed to report-ing on the government’s abuses and steadfast in defending the powerless and the marginalized. Their courage is an inspiration, and it must summon our solidarity. I look forward to the day when the Chinese Government upholds rather than tramples the rights of its own citizens, abides by the rule of law at home, and respects the international rules-based system globally. However, that day has not yet arrived. Until it does, we must signal to the Chinese people that whatever our broader diplo-matic and strategic aims may be as it relates to North Korea or any other issue, America is under no illusions about the iron-fisted leadership of President Xi and his utter disregard for the rights and dignity of his own peo-ple. As President Trump continues ful-filling his duty and appointing individ-uals to key positions, I will keep rais-ing these issues with each and every relevant nominee whom I meet with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.034 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2961 May 16, 2017 
both privately, as I did with Governor Branstad, and publicly, as I did during his confirmation hearing. It is critical that the United States keep human rights for all people as a core pillar of our foreign policy. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Rosen nomina-tion? Mr. GARDNER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 129 Ex.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Murkowski Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Isakson Moran 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Under the previous order, the motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will re-port. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONFLICT MINERALS LAW Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Con-gress often considers issues that have far reaching consequences for millions of people, but in 2010, a law was en-acted that literally meant life-or-death for millions of people in the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo. The law stems the flow of financial support to warloads in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Many may not realize that more than 5 million people have been killed during long-running conflicts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which have been the most deadly since World War II. Tragically, women and children have suffered the most, as is too often the case when it comes to conflict. Millions have been displaced from their homes, and the prevalence of rape and sexual violence as a weapon of war is almost beyond belief, earning east-ern Congo the grim distinction of being the ‘‘Rape Capital of the World.’’ Sam Brownback first took me there in 2005, and I returned again in 2010. At the time, the U.N. reported that about 1,000 women were sexually assaulted every day in Congo, roughly equivalent to 12 percent of all Congolese women. I can still vividly remember walking across the lava-strewn refugee camps and vis-iting the victims of sexual assault in the heroic Heal Africa Hospital. I also recall the hearing I held in the Judici-ary Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law about rape as a weapon of war. Congolese doctor Denis Mukwege testified about the horrors of the re-gion’s sexual violence he helped treat at Panzi Hospital. One of the drivers and funders of this conflict was para-doxically that which fills the DRC with such potential: its natural resources. Instead of paying for the nation’s peace, education, roads, and public health programs, the DRC’s mineral wealth was being siphoned off to fund the armed groups that vie for local and regional control of vast areas far from Congo’s capital, Kinshasa. Tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold are found in everyday electronics, jewelry, airplanes, and manufacturing equip-ment, but these minerals also have pro-vided weapons and salaries to fighters, including conscripted child soldiers, who then commit unspeakable horrors on innocent civilians. That is why, in 2009, I joined Senators Brownback and Feingold and Congressman McDermott in drafting a simple reporting require-ment for US-registered corporations that source these four minerals from the DRC or its neighbors. It passed and became law in 2010 to help stem the flow of financial support from illicit mining to the region’s horrific vio-lence. It wasn’t a ban. It was simply a transparency measure that said if you use any of these key minerals from the region, you had to note in your filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission what, if anything, you were doing to not source from those fueling the region’s violence. If a com-pany isn’t taking any action to avoid fueling the region’s violence, there isn’t a penalty, but at least consumers would know that. This gives consumers the final decision on what electronics they want in their pockets. On a broad-er scale, the measure aimed to use col-lective industry action to clean up the supply chain of these minerals, which I am proud to say has worked. For example, before the law, not a single smelter of tin, tungsten, tan-talum—also known as the 3Ts—or gold had submitted to and passed an audit about dealing in conflict minerals. Today, 76 percent of the world’s smelt-ers of the 3Ts or gold have passed such an audit. Today more than 200 mines have also now been certified as conflict free. The effects of supply chain due diligence in this region are remarkable and are due to the leadership of many in the industry, including Intel, Apple, Kemet, and a number of companies from Illinois, including Motorola and AAR Corp. This process is far from complete or perfect, but the conflict minerals law has helped clean up the minerals trade and ease the grip Con-golese warlords have had on the mining sector. So imagine my dismay when I re-cently learned the Acting Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, Michael Piwowar, unilaterally in-structed his staff to halt enforcement of the law. In his April 7 statement, he mistakenly conflated aspects of an ear-lier court decision to justify his ac-tions. It sets a dangerous precedent when an Acting Chairman decides which laws the SEC should and should not enforce. Let me be clear, this unilateral ac-tion was without legal basis and is be-yond the scope of the Acting Chair-man’s authority. As such, I urge the Acting Chairman to rescind his direc-tive and allow full enforcement of the Conflict Minerals law and rule. This isn’t just about enforcing the law as written by Congress, this is life-or- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.035 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2962 May 16, 2017 
death for millions of people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Acting Chairman would be well advised to remember that. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANN KALAYIL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to acknowledge Ann Kalayil. Earlier this year, after 6 years, Ann stepped down as Regional Administrator of the U.S. General Services Administration’s—GSA— Great Lakes Region. Ann Kalayil is a trailblazer. She is the first woman— and first Asian American—to serve as GSA Administrator of the six-State Great Lakes Region. I am honored to congratulate her on a job well done. Headquartered in Chicago, IL, the GSA is the Federal Government’s real estate and procurement manager. As Regional Administrator, Ann Kalayil was responsible for 128 Federal build-ings, 986 leased locations, 11 U.S. land ports, nearly 1,000 employees, and about $150 million in contracts to small and economically disadvantaged busi-nesses. To say Ann Kalayil had a big job is an understatement, but it will come as no surprise to the people who know her that she met the challenge head-on and thrived in the role. Her story is the story of the Amer-ican dream. Born in Chicago, Ann was the daughter of Indian immigrants. When she was 5 years old, her parents moved back to Kerala, India. It was the first time Ann met her siblings, Tom, Sales, and Lisa. They were ecstatic to meet their baby sister but spoke very little English and struggled to commu-nicate with each other. So what did Ann do? She took it upon herself to learn Malayalam, a South Indian lan-guage native to Kerala, India. Malayalam is an extremely com-plicated language, but Ann picked it up immediately, and people never guessed it wasn’t her first language. This is how Ann would handle situations throughout her career. She never feared going out of her way to learn the needs of the community or group, even if it meant she would do most of the work. All that matters to Ann Kalayil is getting results. People who know Ann best describe her as fierce, outspoken, and compas-sionate—just like her late father, Phil-ip Kalayil. Her dad taught her the im-portance of these shared values and public service. Philip Kalayil was a Chicagoland legend. He was leader in the Indian American community, starting organizations to help people stay in touch with their culture and re-ligion. Later, he would start the Indo- American Democratic Organization, empowering people to register to vote and make their voices heard. Ann would later serve as its president. In 2008, Philip was recognized by the Asso-ciation for Asian American Studies with its Heart of Asian America Com-munity Award, a well-deserved honor. You could say public service was in Ann’s blood, and although Philip is no longer with us, I know he would feel the same way. What a proud moment it must have been for him, watching his youngest daughter being sworn in to a top Federal job—appointed by the President of the United States—while holding the family Bible. Growing up as Philip Kalayil’s daughter, Ann had a front row seat in how to be a leader in the community and has waged countless successful campaigns, issues ranging from edu-cation policy, campaign finance re-form, immigration reform, and docu-menting Asian American history. Dur-ing the 2008 Presidential campaign, Ann cochaired Obama’s Asian Amer-ican and Pacific Islander Leadership Council and was among a select few who was in a reserved area near the stage in Grant Park when Obama greeted a crowd of nearly 200,000 to cel-ebrate the historic election. For all she takes on, her brother Tom only recalls seeing Ann nervous once, and it was when she was asked to throw the first pitch at a Chicago White Sox game fol-lowing her appointment at the GSA. Prior to her appointment at the GSA, Ann worked for more than 12 years at the University of Chicago in Informa-tion Technology Services in Emerging Technologies and Communications and as director of Client Services and Sup-port. Like her father, she was also a teacher. Ann taught interdisciplinary courses on Asian Americans at DePaul University, Loyola University Chicago, and the University of Illinois at Chi-cago. Ann also holds a bachelor’s de-gree in political science from the Uni-versity of Illinois at Chicago, a bach-elor’s degree in computer science from Northeastern Illinois University, a master’s degree in Asian studies from the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign, and a doctorate from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. I want to congratulate Ann Kalayil on her wonderful career and her out-standing service to our community and the country. I wish her all the best. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO UTAH’S SERVICE ACADEMY NOMINEES ∑Mr. LEE. Mr. President, one of the great privileges of representing my fel-low Utahns in the U.S. Senate is the annual opportunity to meet the excep-tional young men and women from the great State of Utah who have answered the call of service by applying to the U.S. Air Force Academy, the U.S. Mili-tary Academy, the U.S. Naval Acad-emy, and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. Under title 10 of the U.S. Code, each year, Members of Congress are author-ized to nominate a number of young men and women from their district or State to attend the country’s service academies. It is my distinct honor to recognize 10 of these exemplary Utahns this year. Each of these 10 students is of sound mind and body. This will serve them well in Colorado Springs, West Point, Annapolis, and Kings Point—but to succeed they will need more than this. The journey on which these young men and women will soon embark re-quires more than mental and physical aptitude. It also demands strong moral character—leadership, courage, hon-esty, prudence, and self-discipline. It calls for a commitment to service and love of country. Today I would like to recognize and congratulate each of these impressive students, all of whom embody, in their own unique way, the standards of ex-cellence on which America’s service academies are built. Jacob Lee Angeletti will be attending the U.S. Air Force Academy. Jacob will be graduating from Bingham High School, where he was the captain of the soccer team. He also captained his championship club soccer team, was named to the Utah Olympic Develop-ment Soccer Team, and encouraged young athletes as a coach in the local soccer league. A leader among his peers, Jacob participated in the Boy Scouts and also served as a president in his church’s youth organization. Emilyanne Rose Baker, from Wasatch High School, accepted an ap-pointment to the U.S. Military Acad-emy at West Point after visiting mul-tiple service academies. Active in both her school and community, Emilyanne served as president of the Japanese Club, a group leader for Youthlinc, and a mentor for Big Brothers Big Sisters. She is a member of the National Honor Society and was the scholar-athlete on the swim team. Cody William Brophy will be attend-ing the U.S. Air Force Academy after graduating from Corner Canyon High School. Throughout high school, Cody prepared himself to attend an academy by preparing academically, physically, and by seeking leadership opportuni-ties. He ran cross county and track, played competitive soccer, was a mem-ber of the National Honor Society, and participated in the Civil Air Patrol. Cody also attended Boys State and served as president of the peer leader-ship team council. Andrew Jesse Dansie has accepted an appointment to the U.S. Military Acad-emy at West Point. An Eagle Scout and active member of JROTC, Andrew will soon graduate from Snow Canyon High School. Using his skills as captain of the swim team, he served others as coach of a special needs swim team. Andrew was selected as one of five stu-dents to represent his school with the district leadership academy, where he sharpened his leadership skills through service opportunities. Hunter Mansfield Holt, from Desert Hills High School, will be attending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. In addition to being an Eagle Scout and member of the National Honor So-ciety, Hunter also attended Boys State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.038 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2963 May 16, 2017 
He served as captain of the football team and also lettered in wrestling. He has been an active member of the stu-dent council and is currently serving as the senior class vice president, all while earning high honor roll recogni-tion. Russell Isaac Landes will be return-ing to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point after spending the past 2 years serving in the Taiwan Taipei Mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. As an Eagle Scout and a recognized leader among his peers, Russell honed his skills as the student body president of the American Leadership Academy, where he was also captain of the wrestling team. Kylee Paige Madsen will be attending the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, NY. Kylee will soon grad-uate from the Northern Utah Academy for Math, Engineering and Science, NUAMES, where she was president of the student outreach and service club. As a member of the National Honor So-ciety and with an eye for community service, Kylee served local veterans and worked to turn an abandoned home into a youth homeless shelter. Kylee was also honored to be elected gov-ernor of Girls State. John Hawkins Romney will be re-turning to the U.S. Air Force Academy after 2 years of speaking Korean as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Korea Busan Mission. As a graduate of Lone Peak High School, John was a member of the National Honor Society. He is an Eagle Scout and worked on the Veteran’s Memorial in Alpine City cemetery. John’s brother will graduate from the Air Force Academy in 2017. William Patrick Ryan, III, from Judge Memorial Catholic High School, will be attending the U.S. Naval Acad-emy. At Judge Memorial, William dis-tinguished himself in student govern-ment as student body president and previously as the freshman, sophomore, and junior class president. He lettered in football, track, and men’s dance. William was elected a member of the peer ministry, a member of National Honor Society, and served as a volun-teer for disabled youth and adults at Camp Kostopulos. Grace Elizabeth Santella, a graduate of Davis High School and current Weber State University student, has accepted an appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy. Grace worked hard to earn this appointment and prepare for the academy. She was a member of the National Honor Society and took many AP and college classes. Grace also served as captain of both the swim team, where she was named ‘‘Swimmer of the Year,’’ and a championship com-petitive soccer team. It has been an honor and inspiration to speak to and nominate each of these exemplary young men and women. Doing so has given me an unshakeable confidence in the future of this great Nation and future of our Armed Serv-ices. To these 10 students and to all their future classmates from around the country, do not forget: this is but the beginning of your journey. You would not have arrived at this point were it not for your hard work and sacrifice, but now what matters most is not your accomplishments of the past, it is what you have yet to achieve in the future. Thank you.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13303 OF MAY 22, 2003, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ—PM 7 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2017. Obstacles to the orderly reconstruc-tion of Iraq, the restoration and main-tenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of polit-ical, administrative, and economic in-stitutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Accordingly, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 16, 2017. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 392. A bill to establish the 400 years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–63). S. 502. A bill to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–64). S. 508. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Or-egon, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 65). S. 513. A bill to designate the Frank and Jeanne Moore Wild Steelhead Special Man-agement Area in the State of Oregon (Rept. No. 115–66). S. 590. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–67). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 558. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–68). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 698. A bill to require a land convey-ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–69). H.R. 863. A bill to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–70). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 131. A bill to provide for the exchange of certain National Forest System land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Dep-uty Secretary of State. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nominations beginning with Jeanne F. Bailey and ending with Rob-ert Henry Hanson, which nominations were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.026 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2964 May 16, 2017 
received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 25, 2017. *Foreign Service nomination of Scott S. Sindelar. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 1127. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prevent unjust and irrational criminal punishments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 1128. A bill to expand the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program to include grants for the sup-port of changing the status of part-time or paid on call firefighters to full-time fire-fighters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. 1129. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. G ARDNER ): S. 1130. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create a sustainable future for rural healthcare; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 1131. A bill to require reporting regard-ing certain drug price increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. K ING): S. 1132. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable med-ical equipment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 1133. A bill to repeal changes made by health care reform laws to the Medicare ex-ception to the prohibition on certain physi-cian referrals for hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. D AINES , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. S TRANGE , and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 1134. A bill to protect law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M UR-
PHY): S. 1135. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to clarify the Federal Pell Grant duration limits of borrowers who at-tend an institution of higher education that closes or commits fraud or other misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mrs. MUR-
RAY, Mr. R EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 1136. A bill to improve the structure of the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 1137. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to include provisions relating to drinking water and wastewater infrastruc-ture, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. TESTER: S. 1138. A bill to rescind $500,000 a week from the Office of the Secretary of Edu-cation until the Secretary of Education re-considers Upward Bound applications that were rejected due to arbitrary formatting issues; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): S. 1139. A bill to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to modify the requirements of stress tests; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 1140. A bill to repeal the Congressional Review Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 1141. A bill to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participa-tion of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or re-solve violent conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 1142. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. Res. 163. A resolution recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. Res. 164. A resolution recognizing the contributions of senior volunteers and desig-nating the week of May 15 through 19, 2017, as ‘‘National Senior Corps Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mrs. SHA-
HEEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. E
RNST , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. Y OUNG , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. Res. 165. A resolution celebrating April 30 through May 6, 2017, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ and commending the entre-preneurial spirit of small businesses owners in the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. B OOZ-
MAN): S. Res. 166. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Nurses Week, to be observed from May 6 through May 12, 2017; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cosponsors of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 184 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 184, a bill to prohibit taxpayer funded abortions. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 366, a bill to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agen-cies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting pe-riod for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the names of the Senator from Missouri 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.017 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2965 May 16, 2017 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 448 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 448, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psy-chologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist serv-ices under the Medicare program. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screening. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 568, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital to-ward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 583 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 583, a bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law en-forcement officers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 665 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 665, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to author-ize additional lease sales to be added to an approved 5-year leasing program. 
S. 712 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 712, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to ap-peals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. S. 766 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 766, a bill to amend titles 10 and 32, United States Code, to improve and enhance authorities relating to the employment, use, status, and benefits of military technicians (dual status), and for other purposes. 
S. 772 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 772, a bill to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. 
S. 833 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 833, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 836 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 836, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act to exclude a loan se-cured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4- family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 860, a bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 867 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 867, a bill to provide support for law enforcement agency ef-forts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 926, a bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foun-dation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a com-memorative work in the District of Co-lumbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 938 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. MCCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 938, a bill to require no-tice of cost-free Federal procurement technical assistance in connection with registration of small business concerns in procurement systems. 
S. 956 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 956, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to limit the authority of the President to with-draw areas from oil and gas leasing, and for other purposes. 
S. 989 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 989, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the participation of pediatric sub-specialists in the National Health Serv-ice Corps program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1057 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1057, a bill to amend the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, and for other purposes. 
S. 1094 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1094, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1114 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1114, a bill to nullify the effect of the recent Executive order laying a foundation for discrimination against LGBTQ individuals, women, re-ligious minorities, and others under the pretext of religious freedom. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 102 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 102, a resolu-tion reaffirming the strategic partner-ship between the United States and Mexico, and recognizing bilateral co-operation that advances the national security and national interests of both countries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.014 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2966 May 16, 2017 
S. RES. 136 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 136, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 102nd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
S. RES. 154 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 154, a resolution promoting aware-ness of motorcycle profiling and en-couraging collaboration and commu-nication with the motorcycle commu-nity and law enforcement officials to prevent instances of profiling. 
S. RES. 156 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 156, a resolution rec-ognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to im-prove the lives of children in the fos-ter-care system. 
S. RES. 161 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 161, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that defense lab-oratories are on the cutting-edge of sci-entific and technological advancement, and supporting the designation of May 18, 2017, as ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratory Day’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. D
AINES , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. S TRANGE , and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 1134. A bill to protect law enforce-ment officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1134 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Back the Blue Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF LAW ENFORCEMENT OF-FICERS. 
(a) K ILLING OF LAWENFORCEMENT OFFI-
CERS.— (1) O
FFENSE .—Chapter 51 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1123. Killing of law enforcement officers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the terms ‘Federal law enforcement of-ficer’ and ‘United States judge’ have the meanings given those terms in section 115; ‘‘(2) the term ‘federally funded public safe-ty officer’ means a public safety officer or judicial officer for a public agency that— ‘‘(A) receives Federal financial assistance; and ‘‘(B) is an agency of an entity that is a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or any territory or posses-sion of the United States, an Indian tribe, or a unit of local government of that entity; ‘‘(3) the term ‘firefighter’ includes an indi-vidual serving as an official recognized or designated member of a legally organized volunteer fire department and an officially recognized or designated public employee member of a rescue squad or ambulance crew; ‘‘(4) the term ‘judicial officer’ means a judge or other officer or employee of a court, including prosecutors, court security, pre-trial services officers, court reporters, and corrections, probation, and parole officers; ‘‘(5) the term ‘law enforcement officer’ means an individual, with arrest powers, in-volved in crime or juvenile delinquency con-trol or reduction or enforcement of the laws; ‘‘(6) the term ‘public agency’ includes a court system, the National Guard of a State to the extent the personnel of that National Guard are not in Federal service, and the de-fense forces of a State authorized by section 109 of title 32; and ‘‘(7) the term ‘public safety officer’ means an individual serving a public agency in an official capacity, as a law enforcement offi-cer, as a firefighter, as a chaplain, or as a member of a rescue squad or ambulance crew. ‘‘(b) OFFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for any person to— ‘‘(1) kill, or attempt or conspire to kill— ‘‘(A) a United States judge; ‘‘(B) a Federal law enforcement officer; or ‘‘(C) a federally funded public safety officer while that officer is engaged in official du-ties, or on account of the performance of of-ficial duties; or ‘‘(2) kill a former United States judge, Fed-eral law enforcement officer, or federally funded public safety officer on account of the past performance of official duties. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTY .—Any person that violates subsection (b) shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for not less than 10 years or for life, or, if death results, shall be sen-tenced to not less than 30 years and not more than life, or may be punished by death.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 51 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1123. Killing of law enforcement officers.’’. (b) A
SSAULT OF LAWENFORCEMENT OFFI-
CERS.— (1) O
FFENSE .—Chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 120. Assaults of law enforcement officers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘federally funded State or local law enforce-ment officer’ means an individual involved in crime and juvenile delinquency control or reduction, or enforcement of the laws (in-cluding a police, corrections, probation, or parole officer) who works for a public agency (that receives Federal financial assistance) of a State of the United States or the Dis-trict of Columbia. ‘‘(b) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful to as-sault a federally funded State or local law enforcement officer while engaged in or on account of the performance of official duties, or assaults any person who formerly served as a federally funded State or local law en-forcement officer on account of the perform-ance of such person’s official duties during such service, or because of the actual or per-ceived status of the person as a Federally funded state or local law enforcement offi-cer. ‘‘(c) PENALTY .—Any person that violations subsection (b) shall be subject to a fine under this title and— ‘‘(1) if the assault resulted in bodily injury (as defined in section 1365), shall be impris-oned not less than 2 years and not more than 10 years; ‘‘(2) if the assault resulted in substantial bodily injury (as defined in section 113), shall be imprisoned not less than 5 years and not more than 20 years; ‘‘(3) if the assault resulted in serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365), shall be imprisoned for not less than 10 years; ‘‘(4) if a deadly or dangerous weapon was used during and in relation to the assault, shall be imprisoned for not less than 20 years; and ‘‘(5) shall be imprisoned for not more than 1 year in any other case. ‘‘(d) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No prosecution of any of-fense described in this section may be under-taken by the United States, except under the certification in writing of the Attorney Gen-eral, or a designee, that— ‘‘(A) the State does not have jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) the State has requested that the Fed-eral Government assume jurisdiction; ‘‘(C) the verdict or sentence obtained pur-suant to State charges left demonstratively unvindicated the Federal interest in eradi-cating bias-motivated violence; or ‘‘(D) a prosecution by the United States is in the public interest and necessary to se-cure substantial justice. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of Federal officers, or a Fed-eral grand jury, to investigate possible viola-tions of this section. ‘‘(e) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSES NOT RESULTING IN DEATH .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), no per-son shall be prosecuted, tried, or punished for any offense under this section unless the indictment for such offense is found, or the information for such offense is instituted, not later than 7 years after the date on which the offense was committed. ‘‘(2) O
FFENSES RESULTING IN DEATH .—An in- dictment or information alleging that an of-fense under this section resulted in death may be found or instituted at any time with-out limitation.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘120. Killing of law enforcement officers.’’. (c) F
LIGHT TO AVOID PROSECUTION FOR KILL-
INGLAWENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS .— (1) O
FFENSE .—Chapter 49 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1075. Flight to avoid prosecution for killing law enforcement officials ‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for any person to move or travel in interstate or for-eign commerce with intent to avoid prosecu-tion, or custody or confinement after convic-tion, under the laws of the place from which the person flees or under section 1114 or 1123, for a crime consisting of the killing, an at-tempted killing, or a conspiracy to kill a Federal judge or Federal law enforcement of-ficer (as those terms are defined in section 115), or a federally funded public safety offi-cer (as that term is defined in section 1123). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.016 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2967 May 16, 2017 
‘‘(b) P ENALTY .—Any person that violates subsection (a) shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for not less than 10 years, in addition to any other term of imprisonment for any other offense relating to the conduct described in subsection (a).’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 49 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1075. Flight to avoid prosecution for killing law enforcement officials.’’. 
SEC. 3. SPECIFIC AGGRAVATING FACTOR FOR FEDERAL DEATH PENALTY KILLING OF LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER. 
(a) A GGRAVATING FACTORS FOR HOMICIDE .— Section 3592(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after para-graph (16) the following: ‘‘(17) K
ILLING OF A LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFI -
CER, PROSECUTOR , JUDGE , OR FIRST RE -
SPONDER .—The defendant killed or attempted to kill a person who is authorized by law— ‘‘(A) to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detention, or investigation of any criminal violation of law; ‘‘(B) to arrest, prosecute, or adjudicate an individual for any criminal violation of law; or ‘‘(C) to be a firefighter or other first re-sponder.’’. 
SEC. 4. LIMITATION ON FEDERAL HABEAS RE-LIEF FOR MURDERS OF LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICERS. 
(a) J USTICE FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OFFI-
CERS AND THEIR FAMILIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2254 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j)(1) For an application for a writ of ha-beas corpus on behalf of a person in custody pursuant to the judgment of a State court for a crime that involved the killing of a public safety officer (as that term is defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b)) or judge, while the public safety officer or judge was engaged in the performance of official duties, or on account of the performance of official duties by or status as a public safety officer or judge of the public safety officer or judge— ‘‘(A) the application shall be subject to the time limitations and other requirements under sections 2263, 2264, and 2266; and ‘‘(B) the court shall not consider claims re-lating to sentencing that were adjudicated in a State court. ‘‘(2) Sections 2251, 2262, and 2101 are the ex-clusive sources of authority for Federal courts to stay a sentence of death entered by a State court in a case described in para-graph (1).’’. (2) R
ULES .—Rule 11 of the Rules Governing Section 2254 Cases in the United States Dis-trict Courts is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Rule 60(b)(6) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall not apply to a proceeding under these rules in a case that is described in section 2254(j) of title 28, United States Code.’’. (3) F
INALITY OF DETERMINATION .—Section 2244(b)(3)(E) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the subject of a peti-tion’’ and all that follows and inserting: ‘‘re-heard in the court of appeals or reviewed by writ of certiorari.’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—This paragraph and the amendments made by this paragraph shall apply to any case pending on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) T
IME LIMITS .—In a case pending on the date of enactment of this Act, if the amend-ments made by this paragraph impose a time limit for taking certain action, the period of which began before the date of enactment of this Act, the period of such time limit shall begin on the date of enactment of this Act. (C) EXCEPTION .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall not bar consideration under section 2266(b)(3)(B) of title 28, United States Code, of an amendment to an applica-tion for a writ of habeas corpus that is pend-ing on the date of enactment of this Act, if the amendment to the petition was adju-dicated by the court prior to the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. LIMITATION ON RECOVERY OF CERTAIN DAMAGES FOR INDIVIDUALS EN-GAGED IN FELONIES OR CRIMES OF VIOLENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1979 of the Re-vised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1983) is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘except that in any action’’ and all that follows through ‘‘relief was un-available.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ex-cept that— ‘‘(1) in any action brought against a judi-cial officer for an act or omission taken in the judicial capacity of that officer, injunc-tive relief shall not be granted unless a de-claratory decree was violated or declaratory relief was unavailable; and ‘‘(2) in any action seeking redress for any deprivation that was incurred in the course of, or as a result of, or is related to, conduct by the injured party that, more likely than not, constituted a felony or a crime of vio-lence (as that term is defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code) (including any deprivation in the course of arrest or appre-hension for, or the investigation, prosecu-tion, or adjudication of, such an offense), a court may not award damages other than for necessary out-of-pocket expenditures and other monetary loss.’’; and (2) indenting the last sentence as an undes-ignated paragraph. (b) A
TTORNEY ’SFEES.—Section 722(b) of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1988(b)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘except that in any action’’ and all that follows and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘except that— ‘‘(1) in any action brought against a judi-cial officer for an act or omission taken in the judicial capacity of that officer, such of-ficer shall not be held liable for any costs, including attorneys fees, unless such action was clearly in excess of the jurisdiction of that officer; and ‘‘(2) in any action seeking redress for any deprivation that was incurred in the course of, or as a result of, or is related to, conduct by the injured party that, more likely than not, constituted a felony or a crime of vio-lence (as that term is defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code) (including any deprivation in the course of arrest or appre-hension for, or the investigation, prosecu-tion, or adjudication of, such an offense), the court may not allow such party to recover attorney’s fees.’’. 
SEC. 6. SELF-DEFENSE RIGHTS FOR LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 203 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3053 the following: ‘‘§ 3054. Authority of law enforcement officers to carry firearms ‘‘Any sworn officer, agent, or employee of the United States, a State, or a political sub-division thereof, who is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detec-tion, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of law, or to supervise or secure the safety of incarcerated inmates, may carry firearms if authorized by law to do so. Such authority to carry firearms, with respect to the lawful performance of the official duties of a sworn officer, agent, or employee of a State or a political subdivision thereof, shall include possession incident to depositing a firearm within a secure firearms storage area for use by all persons who are author-ized to carry a firearm within any building or structure classified as a Federal facility or Federal court facility, as those terms are defined under section 930, and any grounds appurtenant to such a facility.’’. (b) CARRYING OF CONCEALED FIREARMS BY  Q
UALIFIED LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .— Section 926B(e)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘any maga-zine and’’ after ‘‘includes’’. (c) C
ARRYING OF CONCEALED FIREARMS BY  Q
UALIFIED RETIRED LAWENFORCEMENT OFFI-
CERS.—Section 926C(e)(1)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘any magazine and’’ after ‘‘includes’’. (d) S
CHOOL ZONES .—Section 922(q)(2)(B)(vi) title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or a qualified law enforcement of-ficer (as defined in section 926B(c))’’ before the semicolon. (e) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall promulgate regulations allowing persons described in section 3054 of title 18, United States Code, to possess firearms in a manner described by that section. With respect to Federal jus-tices, judges, bankruptcy judges, and mag-istrate judges, such regulations shall be pre-scribed after consultation with the Judicial Conference of the United States. (f) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 203 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3053 the fol-lowing: ‘‘3054. Authority of law enforcement officers to carry firearms.’’. 
SEC. 7. IMPROVING THE RELATIONSHIP BE-TWEEN LAW ENFORCEMENT AGEN-CIES AND THE COMMUNITIES THEY SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General using covered amounts shall, using such amounts as are necessary not to exceed $20,000,000, award grants to State, local, or tribal law enforcement agencies and appro-priate non-governmental organizations to— (1) promote trust and ensure legitimacy among law enforcement agencies and the communities they serve through procedural reforms, transparency, and accountability; (2) develop comprehensive and responsive policies on key topics relevant to the rela-tionship between law enforcement agencies and the communities they serve; (3) balance the embrace of technology and digital communications with local needs, privacy, assessments, and monitoring; (4) encourage the implementation of poli-cies that support community-based partner-ships in the reduction of crime; (5) emphasize the importance of high qual-ity and effective training and education through partnerships with local and national training facilities; and (6) endorse practices that support officer wellness and safety through the re-evalua-tion of officer shift hours, including data col-lection and analysis. (b) C
OVERED AMOUNTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered amounts’’ means— (1) any unobligated balances made avail-able under the heading ‘‘GENERAL ADMIN-ISTRATION’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPART-MENT OF JUSTICE’’ in an appropriations Act in a fiscal year; (2) any amounts made available for an ‘‘Ed-ward Byrne Memorial criminal justice inno-vation program’’ under the heading ‘‘
STATE  
AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE ’’ under the heading ‘‘OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPART-MENT OF JUSTICE’’ in an appropriations Act in a fiscal year; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.018 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2968 May 16, 2017 
(3) any combination of amounts described in paragraphs (1) and (2). f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 163—RECOG-NIZING THE ROLES AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE TEACHERS OF THE UNITED STATES IN BUILDING AND ENHANCING THE CIVIC, CULTURAL, AND ECO-NOMIC WELL-BEING OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 163 Whereas education and knowledge are the foundation of the current and future strength of the United States; Whereas teachers and other education staff have earned and deserve the respect of their students and communities for the selfless dedication of the teachers and staff to com-munity service and the futures of the chil-dren of the United States; Whereas the purposes of National Teacher Appreciation Week, celebrated from May 7, 2017, through May 13, 2017, are— (1) to raise public awareness of the unquantifiable contributions of teachers; and (2) to promote greater respect and under-standing for the teaching profession; and Whereas students, schools, communities, and a number of organizations representing educators are hosting teacher appreciation events in recognition of National Teacher Appreciation Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) thanks the teachers of the United States; and (2) promotes the profession of teaching by encouraging students, parents, school admin-istrators, and public officials to participate in teacher appreciation events during Na-tional Teacher Appreciation Week. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 164—RECOG-NIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF SENIOR VOLUNTEERS AND DES-IGNATING THE WEEK OF MAY 15 THROUGH 19, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SENIOR CORPS WEEK’’ Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. K
ING, Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 164 Whereas volunteers in the United States who are 55 years of age and older (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘senior volunteers’’) pro-vide much-needed services to their commu-nities, neighbors, and friends; Whereas Senior Corps, through the RSVP, Foster Grandparent, and Senior Companions programs administered by the Corporation for National and Community Service, pro-vides meaningful opportunities to 250,000 senior volunteers and recruits thousands of additional community volunteers; Whereas, for more than 5 decades, RSVP volunteers, Foster Grandparents, and Senior Companions have played an important role in strengthening communities by contrib-uting their experience, knowledge, and ac-complishments in order to— (1) help their neighbors recover from nat-ural and manmade disasters; (2) provide nutrition services; (3) mentor and tutor schoolchildren; (4) support veterans and military families; and (5) provide respite care to caregivers; Whereas, in 2016, Senior Corps volunteers provided 75,000,000 hours of direct service through more than 28,000 nonprofit, edu-cational, and faith-based community groups nationwide; Whereas structured volunteering by senior volunteers— (1) keeps those senior volunteers active, healthy, and engaged; (2) helps the United States by saving tax-payer dollars and reducing health care costs; and (3) supports the ability of seniors to live independent and productive lives; Whereas the RSVP, Foster Grandparent, and Senior Companion programs have proven to be cost-effective ways to engage senior volunteers in service that meets pressing community needs; Whereas the United States should expand senior volunteer service opportunities to take advantage of the talents and experi-ences of the 10,000 baby boomers who will re-tire each day for the next 20 years; and Whereas, at a time of mounting social need and growing interest in service by older indi-viduals in the United States, the United States has an unprecedented opportunity to harness the talents of senior volunteers to address community challenges: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of May 15 through 19, 2017, as ‘‘National Senior Corps Week’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to recognize the contributions of sen-ior volunteers and join in the celebration of National Senior Corps Week. f SENATE RESOLUTION 165—CELE-BRATING APRIL 30 THROUGH MAY 6, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK’’ AND COMMENDING THE ENTREPRE-NEURIAL SPIRIT OF SMALL BUSINESSES OWNERS IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. E
RNST , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. Y OUNG , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. H
OEVEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 165 Whereas 2017 marks the 54th anniversary of National Small Business Week; Whereas every President for more than 
1⁄2a century has proclaimed a week celebrating the significance of small businesses across the United States; Whereas, as of May 2017, there are over 28,000,000 small businesses in the United States; Whereas small businesses in the United States— (1) employ nearly 1⁄2of the workforce of the United States; (2) comprise 99.7 percent of all employers in the United States; (3) employ veterans, and since 2007, 9.3 per-cent of all business owners have been vet-erans; (4) produce 
1⁄3of all exports of the United States; and (5) account for nearly 
1⁄2of private sector output; Whereas, on July 30, 1953, Congress estab-lished the Small Business Administration to aid, counsel, assist, and protect the small business community; Whereas 2 of every 3 new jobs are created by small businesses; and Whereas the President designated the week of April 30 through May 6, 2017, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of April 30 through May 6, 2017, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’; (2) celebrates the entrepreneurial spirit of small business owners in the United States; (3) recognizes the importance of creating a small business climate that allows for sus-tained, entrepreneurial success; (4) celebrates the invaluable contribution that small businesses make to the United States as the backbone of the economy; and (5) supports increasing consumer aware-ness of the value and opportunity that small businesses bring to local communities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 166—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL NURSES WEEK, TO BE OBSERVED FROM MAY 6 THROUGH MAY 12, 2017 Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. B OOZ-
MAN) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 166 Whereas, beginning in 1991, National Nurses Week is celebrated annually from May 6, also known as ‘‘National Recognition Day for Nurses’’, through May 12, the birth-day of Florence Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing; Whereas National Nurses Week is a time of year to reflect on the important contribu-tions that nurses make to provide safe, high- quality health care; Whereas nurses are known to be patient advocates, acting fearlessly to protect the lives of individuals under the care of the nurses; Whereas nurses represent the largest single component of the health care profession, with an estimated population of 3,600,000 pro-fessionally active nurses in the United States; Whereas nurses are leading in the delivery of quality care in a transformed health care system that improves patient outcomes and safety; Whereas the Future of Nursing report of the Institute of Medicine has called for the nursing profession to meet the call for lead-ership in a team-based delivery model; Whereas, when nurse staffing levels in-crease, the risk of patient complications and lengthy hospital stays decreases, resulting in cost savings; Whereas nurses are experienced research-ers, and the work of nurses encompasses a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.018 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2969 May 16, 2017 
wide scope of scientific inquiry, including clinical research, health systems and out-comes research, and nursing education re-search; Whereas nurses provide culturally and eth-nically competent care and are educated to be sensitive to the regional and community customs of individuals needing care; Whereas nurses are well-positioned to pro-vide leadership to eliminate health care dis-parities that exist in the United States; Whereas nurses are the cornerstone of the public health infrastructure, promoting healthy lifestyles and educating commu-nities on disease prevention and health pro-motion; Whereas nurses are strong allies to Con-gress as the nurses help inform, educate, and work closely with legislators to improve the education, retention, recruitment, and prac-tice of all nurses and, more importantly, the health and safety of the patients for whom the nurses care; Whereas strengthening nursing workforce development programs at all levels, includ-ing the number of doctorally prepared fac-ulty members, and providing education to the nurse research scientists who can dis-cover new nursing care models to improve the health status of the diverse population of the United States, are needed; Whereas nurses touch the lives of the peo-ple of the United States from birth to the end of life; and Whereas nursing has been voted as the most honest and ethical profession in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Nurses Week, as founded by the Amer-ican Nurses Association; (2) recognizes the significant contributions of nurses to the health care system in the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Nurses Week with appropriate recognition, ceremonies, activi-ties, and programs to demonstrate the im-portance of nurses to the everyday lives of patients. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 216. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 419, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 216. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 419, to require adequate re-porting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other pur-poses.; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS. 
Section 1205 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Rules, regulations, and procedures issued under this part may include regulations based on stand-ards developed by another Federal agency for programs related to public safety officer death or disability claims.’’ before the last sentence; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘In making’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) In making a determination under sec-tion 1201, the Bureau shall give substantial weight to the evidence and all findings of fact presented by a State, local, or Federal administrative or investigative agency re-garding eligibility for death or disability benefits. ‘‘(3) If the head of a State, local, or Federal administrative or investigative agency, in consultation with the principal legal officer of the agency, provides a certification of facts regarding eligibility for death or dis-ability benefits, the Bureau shall adopt the factual findings, if the factual findings are supported by substantial evidence.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Bu-reau shall make available on the public website of the Bureau information on all death, disability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part that are pending as of the date on which the informa-tion is made available. ‘‘(B) Not less frequently than once per week, the Bureau shall make available on the public website of the Bureau updated in-formation with respect to all death, dis-ability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part that are pending as of the date on which the information is made available. ‘‘(C) The information made available under this paragraph shall include— ‘‘(i) for each pending claim— ‘‘(I) the date on which the claim was sub-mitted to the Bureau; ‘‘(II) the State of residence of the claim-ant; ‘‘(III) an anonymized, identifying claim number; and ‘‘(IV) the nature of the claim; and ‘‘(ii) the total number of pending claims that were submitted to the Bureau more than 1 year before the date on which the in-formation is made available. ‘‘(2) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Bureau shall publish on the public website of the Bu-reau a report, and shall update such report on such website not less than once every 180 days thereafter, containing— ‘‘(A) the total number of claims for which a final determination has been made during the 180-day period preceding the report; ‘‘(B) the amount of time required to proc-ess each claim for which a final determina-tion has been made during the 180-day period preceding the report; ‘‘(C) as of the last day of the 180-day period preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or before that date for which a final determination has not been made; ‘‘(D) as of the last day of the 180-day period preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or before the date that is 1 year before that date for which a final determination has not been made; ‘‘(E) for each claim described in subpara-graph (D), a detailed description of the basis for delay; ‘‘(F) as of the last day of the 180-day period preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or before that date relating to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks for which a final determination has not been made; ‘‘(G) as of the last day of the 180-day period preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or before the date that is 1 year before that date relat-ing to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks for which a final de-termination has not been made; ‘‘(H) for each claim described in subpara-graph (G), a detailed description of the basis for delay; ‘‘(I) the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau relating to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks for which a final determination was made during the 180-day period preceding the report, and the average award amount for any such claims that were approved; ‘‘(J) the result of each claim for which a final determination was made during the 180- day period preceding the report, including the number of claims rejected and the basis for any denial of benefits; ‘‘(K) the number of final determinations which were appealed during the 180-day pe-riod preceding the report, regardless of when the final determination was first made; ‘‘(L) the average number of claims proc-essed per reviewer of the Bureau during the 180-day period preceding the report; ‘‘(M) for any claim submitted to the Bu-reau that required the submission of addi-tional information from a public agency, and for which the public agency completed pro-viding all of the required information during the 180-day period preceding the report, the average length of the period beginning on the date the public agency was contacted by the Bureau and ending on the date on which the public agency submitted all required in-formation to the Bureau; ‘‘(N) for any claim submitted to the Bu-reau for which the Bureau issued a subpoena to a public agency during the 180-day period preceding the report in order to obtain infor-mation or documentation necessary to deter-mine the claim, the name of the public agen-cy, the date on which the subpoena was issued, and the dates on which the public agency was contacted by the Bureau before the issuance of the subpoena; and ‘‘(O) information on the compliance of the Bureau with the obligation to offset award amounts under section 1201(f)(3), including— ‘‘(i) the number of claims that are eligible for compensation under both this part and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note; Public Law 107–42) (commonly referred to as the ‘VCF’); ‘‘(ii) for each claim described in clause (i) for which compensation has been paid under the VCF, the amount of compensation paid under the VCF; ‘‘(iii) the number of claims described in clause (i) for which the Bureau has made a final determination; and ‘‘(iv) the number of claims described in clause (i) for which the Bureau has not made a final determination. ‘‘(3) Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, and 2 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a study on the compliance of the Bureau with the obligation to offset award amounts under section 1201(f)(3); and ‘‘(B) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A) that includes an assessment of whether the Bureau has provided the information re-quired under subparagraph (B)(ix) of para-graph (2) of this subsection in each report re-quired under that paragraph. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘nature of the claim’ means whether the claim is a claim for— ‘‘(A) benefits under this subpart with re-spect to the death of a public safety officer; ‘‘(B) benefits under this subpart with re-spect to the disability of a public safety offi-cer; or ‘‘(C) education assistance under subpart 2.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.022 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2970 May 16, 2017 
SEC. 3. AGE LIMITATION FOR CHILDREN. 
Section 1212(c) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d–1(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘No child’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), no child’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ELAYED APPROVALS .— ‘‘(A) E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE APPLICA -
TION.—If a claim for assistance under this subpart is approved more than 1 year after the date on which the application for such assistance is filed with the Attorney Gen-eral, the age limitation under this sub-section shall be extended by the length of the period— ‘‘(i) beginning on the day after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the ap-plication is filed; and ‘‘(ii) ending on the date on which the appli-cation is approved. ‘‘(B) C
LAIM FOR BENEFITS FOR DEATH OR  
PERMANENT AND TOTAL DISABILITY .—In addi- tion to an extension under subparagraph (A), if any, for an application for assistance under this subpart that relates to a claim for benefits under subpart 1 that was approved more than 1 year after the date on which the claim was filed with the Attorney General, the age limitation under this subsection shall be extended by the length of the pe-riod— ‘‘(i) beginning on the day after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the claim for benefits is submitted; and ‘‘(ii) ending on the date on which the claim for benefits is approved.’’. 
SEC. 4. DUE DILIGENCE IN PAYING BENEFIT CLAIMS. 
Subpart 1 of part L of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1206. DUE DILIGENCE IN PAYING BENEFIT CLAIMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau, with all due diligence, shall expeditiously attempt to ob-tain the information and documentation nec-essary to adjudicate a benefit claim filed under this part, including a claim for finan-cial assistance under subpart 2. ‘‘(b) S
UFFICIENT INFORMATION UNAVAIL -
ABLE .—If a benefit claim filed under this part, including a claim for financial assist-ance under subpart 2, is unable to be adju-dicated by the Bureau because of a lack of information or documentation from a third party, such as a public agency, and such in-formation is not readily available to the claimant, the Bureau may not abandon the benefit claim unless the Bureau has utilized the investigative tools available to the Bu-reau to obtain the necessary information or documentation, including subpoenas.’’. 
SEC. 5. PRESUMPTION THAT OFFICER ACTED PROPERLY. 
Section 1202 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘No benefit’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No benefit’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
RESUMPTION .—In determining wheth-er a benefit is payable under this part, the Bureau— ‘‘(1) shall presume that none of the limita-tions described in subsection (a) apply; and ‘‘(2) shall not determine that a limitation described in subsection (a) applies, absent clear and convincing evidence.’’. 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY. 
The amendments made by this Act shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to any benefit claim or applica-tion under part L of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.) that is— (A) pending before the Bureau of Justice Assistance on the date of enactment; or (B) received by the Bureau on or after the date of enactment of this Act. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 16, 2017 at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing to consider the fol-lowing nominations: Ms. Sigal Mandelker, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, U.S. Department of Treasury; Ms. Mira Radielovic Ricardel, to be Under Sec-retary for Export Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce; Mr. Mar-shall Billingslea, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Terrorist Financing, U.S. Department of Treasury; and Mr. Heath P. Tarbert to be Assistant Sec-retary, U.S. Department of Treasury. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 16, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, May 16, 2017 from 2:15 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
SUBCOMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE  
The Subcommittee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 16, 2017, at 3:15 p.m., in room 406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Leveraging Federal Funding; Innovative Solutions for Infrastructure.’’ 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, in consultation with the chairperson of the Committee on Indian Affairs, pur-suant to the provisions of Public Law 114–244, appoints the following individ-uals to serve as members of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children: Carlyle Begay of Arizona and Melody Staebner of North Dakota. f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 163, S. Res. 164, S. Res. 165, and S. Res. 166. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, May 17; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Brand nomination; finally, that the time until 12 noon be equally divided in the usual form. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator W
HITEHOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as we know here in Washington, politics is a battlefield as much as it is a debat-ing society. On this battlefield, a new form of political weapon has emerged, one for which the American political system was not well prepared. As Democrats, I can say from our side, we were virtually blind to this weapon in the last election. For my 167th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, I am here to dis-cuss this new political weapon: system-atic fake news. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.021 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2971 May 16, 2017 
Fake news does not just fall like rain from heaven. In its most dangerous form, fake news is weaponized for ef-fect—usually, political effect. Vladimir Putin’s regime in Russia made weaponized fake news a core ele-ment of its political manipulation throughout the former Soviet Union and the modern European Union, rev-ving up public ire over rapes that never happened, for instance; planting fake material in politicians’ laptops and so-cial media that can then be ‘‘exposed,’’ and broadcasting false political propa-ganda. This phenomenon has been doc-umented in Chairman G
RAHAM ’s recent hearing in our Crime and Terrorism Judiciary Subcommittee, featuring, among other sources, the Center for Strategic and International Studies’ ‘‘Kremlin Playbook,’’ and it has been documented throughout the pro-ceedings of this year’s McCain Insti-tute Sedona Forum. Because of this history of political manipulation, the Putin regime’s interference in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election ought to be a wakeup call for America. Weaponized fake news requires a de-livery system, and here is where this connects to climate change. In Amer-ica, we are particularly vulnerable to such election interference because a ro-bust delivery system for weaponized fake news already exists. Putin doesn’t need to build a fake news delivery sys-tem in America. The fossil fuel indus-try already did. Climate denial was the original fake news. They have been at it awhile. A decade ago, a peer-reviewed aca-demic study of the climate denial appa-ratus described how this works. The fossil fuel industry sets up an array of ‘‘environmental skeptics.’’ But of course they are not just skeptics; they in reality ‘‘are predominantly agents of conservative think tanks.’’ These think tanks, in turn, have the ‘‘essen-tial role’’ of providing what the report calls ‘‘political insulation for indus-try,’’ including ‘‘for companies such as ExxonMobil’’. Again quoting this re-port, the ‘‘defining feature’’ of this ap-paratus is the ‘‘denial of the authen-ticity of environmental problems.’’ Collectively, this climate denial appa-ratus creates for the fossil fuel indus-try ‘‘a full scale counter movement’’ against environmental science. Con-cluding in the report, ‘‘Its major tactic is to manufacture uncertainty.’’ The Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies’ ‘‘Kremlin Playbook’’ report, by comparison, describes Rus-sia’s fake news tactic as ‘‘to dissemi-nate erroneous information that fos-ters public confusion.’’ To manufacture uncertainty, ‘‘to disseminate erroneous information that fosters public confu-sion’’—do you see the similarity? If we collapse into fewer words these decade-old findings about the fossil fuel industry climate denial apparatus, here is what you have: front groups who disguise the identity of the real actors and pump out fake news—in their case, the fake news of climate de-nial. The tactics and methods of climate science denial are the tactics and methods of weaponized fake news: false front organizations, hidden funding sources, controllable means of commu-nication, mimicry of legitimate groups, personal disparagement of op-ponents, relentless repetition of lies, and shameless persistence when de-bunked. You could say that the fake news propagation we face today in America metastasized from climate de-nial. Climate denial was the original ‘‘School for Scoundrels’’ in these fake news techniques. To put financial scale to this, Putin’s Russia has a $200 billion annual budget. With that, they funded a significant weaponized fake news effort to influ-ence our Presidential election. But the fossil fuel industry has a $2 trillion an-nual budget. The fossil fuel industry fights to protect an annual subsidy in the United States estimated by the International Monetary Fund to be $700 billion. With stakes like that, the cli-mate denial delivery system the fossil fuel industry could profitably set up in the United States can be very robust and complex, and it is. Fake news, dark money, and hidden political spending have been the fossil fuel industry’s primary political weap-ons. This creates the problem. Once a fake news delivery system is in place, that system will not necessarily dif-ferentiate between different types or sources of fake news. Once that road is open, anyone can travel it with any fake news cargo. The same fake news delivery system that will distribute fake news designed to manipulate American politics for the fossil fuel in-dustry can just as effectively distribute fake news designed to manipulate American elections for Russia or China or Iran. The fake news delivery system is not restricted to any one payload. The fossil fuel industry also fought hard to create the dark money political spending apparatus that now despoils American politics. They lobbied the Supreme Court for the wretched Citi-zens United decision. They saw it com-ing and they were swift at the mark, and they have stopped any effort in Congress at political spending disclo-sure. They need and depend on dark money to buy influence in Congress. Here, the problem is the same. Once you tolerate a dark money political spending apparatus in American poli-tics, that dark money apparatus will be just as good at hiding the hand of Vladimir Putin or China or Iran as it is at hiding the hand of the fossil fuel in-dustry. Darkness is darkness, whether it is Charles and David Koch or Vladi-mir Putin operating in that darkness. The dangers of fake news, dark money, climate science denial, and for-eign interference in our elections are thus all tied together, and they call for an American response. Politics is a battlefield, and dark money and fake news are now assets for our Nation’s enemies. ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for adjournment occur following the re-marks of the Democratic leader. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FBI INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, in a week full of revelation after revelation, on a day when we thought things couldn’t get any worse, they have. I was shaken by the report in the New York Times that alleged that the President tried to shut down an active FBI investigation into a close political associate, and we are only 1 day re-moved from stunning allegations that the President may have divulged clas-sified information to a known adver-sary. Concerns about our national secu-rity, the rule of law, the independence of our Nation’s highest law enforce-ment agencies are mounting. The coun-try is being tested in unprecedented ways. I say to all of my colleagues in the Senate: History is watching. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:15 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, May 17, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  
BRIAN D. QUINTENZ, OF OHIO, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING APRIL 13, 2020, VICE SCOTT O’MALIA, RESIGNED. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
KEVIN ALLEN HASSETT, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS, VICE JASON FURMAN. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
DEREK KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION FOR POLICY, VICE BLAIR ANDERSON. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
DAN R. BROUILLETTE, OF TEXAS, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF ENERGY, VICE ELIZABETH SHERWOOD-RAN-DALL. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
SUSAN PARKER BODINE, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, VICE CYNTHIA GILES. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
JAMES DONOVAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE SARAH BLOOM RASKIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16MY6.040 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2972 May 16, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DOUG MANCHESTER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE COMMON-WEALTH OF THE BAHAMAS. 
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  
COMMISSION  
JAMES J. SULLIVAN, JR., OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING APRIL 27, 2021, VICE THOMASINA ROGERS, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
BROOKS D. TUCKER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (CONGRES-SIONAL AND LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS), VICE JOAN M. EVANS, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REAPPOINT-MENT AS THE VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 154: 
To be general 
GEN. PAUL J. SELVA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAY B. SILVERIA 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LAURA J. RICHARDSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601, 3037, AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant general 
BRIG. GEN. CHARLES N. PEDE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. PHILLIP G. SAWYER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. SAMUEL J. PAPARO, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. GREGORY N. HARRIS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REAPPOINT-MENT AS THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 152 AND 601: 
To be general 
GEN. JOSEPH F. DUNFORD, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRIAN D. BEAUDREAULT 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(D): 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) STEVEN J. ANDERSEN REAR ADM. (LH) PAT DEQUATTRO REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM G. KELLY REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN P. NADEAU REAR ADM. (LH) JOANNA M. NUNAN REAR ADM. (LH) KEITH M. SMITH REAR ADM. (LH) DAVID G. THROOP 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DAVID P. HAWORTH 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 16, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
JEFFREY A. ROSEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16MY6.005 S16MYPT1rfrederick on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE633 May 16, 2017 
HONORING THE 90TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE RIVIERA THEATRE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Riviera Theatre, a his-torical landmark in North Tonawanda, New York. This past December, the Riviera cele-brated 90 years of bringing a multitude of per-forming arts, including live concerts, theatre, dance shows, and movies to Western New York. Originally known as the Twin Cities Rivera, the theatre was built during the year 1926, by the Yellen Family. The architects Leon H. Lempart and Son drew the plans, which were patterned after the Italian Renaissance. The theatre changed multiple times over the years but is currently owned and run by Riviera The-atre and Organ Preservation Society. Opening night was December 30, 1926, a gala event, which featured the movies ‘‘Up-stage’’ starring Norma Shearer, ‘‘The Mona Lisa’’, in Technicolor, a short comedy, and the newsreel. Organist Fred Meyer accompanied the films and soloed at the Mighty Wurlitzer organ. Perhaps the Riviera is best known for hous-ing a Wurlitzer Theatre organ, made nearby at the Rudolph Wurlitzer Company of North Tonawanda. In 2008, the organ was re-voiced and restored to nearly original condition, pro-viding a new symphonic sound for concerts and events. The Riviera’s Mighty Wurlitzer has provided more entertainment consistently in its original setting than most other theatre organs, nationwide. Many of the top name artists in the country have performed here in hundreds of concerts over the past 35 years. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Riviera Theatre is currently in the planning stages of an Expansion and Develop-ment Project (Set The Stage) that will add 23,000 square feet of new space including a black box theatre, a new lobby and new mod-ern amenities for their patrons and performers. It is estimated when completed an additional 50,000 visitors will attend annually. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments today to recognize the heritage of the Riviera Theatre and to celebrate its 90th Anniversary. I wish them well in their con-tinuing expansion as the Buffalo community is fortunate to have a building with such a histor-ical background and which promotes per-forming arts. 
f 
TRANS TOWN HALL 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, recently, I sat down with a number of activists in Minnesota to talk about how LGBTQ folks, and especially trans people, are fighting for basic economic rights in a world that belittles, excludes, and dehumanizes them. The transgender community is more visible than ever. Leaders like Laverne Cox, Caitlyn Jenner, and Janet Mock have become icons for the future of the LGBTQ movement. And in my hometown of Minneapolis, my dear friend Andrea Jenkins just received the democratic endorsement for City Council. She will be the first out trans person to hold office in Min-nesota. But this increased visibility hasn’t improved the lives of all transgender people. Compared to other states, Minnesota’s transgender community is a lot safer and healthier. But that’s not saying much. Nation-wide, violence against trans people—and trans women in particular—is at an all-time high. Even in deeply progressive Minneapolis, my constituent CeCe McDonald was attacked out-side a bar and imprisoned in a men’s prison for 19 months for defending herself. This sort of violence has far-reaching reper-cussions—high unemployment, difficulty ac-cessing lifesaving healthcare, housing insta-bility, and educational barriers. And we need to stop thinking of these injustices as separate from our economic lives. To get a better understanding about how trans folks are living in the 21st century, I at-tended Minnesota’s LGBTQ Lobby Day in April and hosted a town hall forum. I’ll tell you—it’s not easy. It takes a lot of courage to hold space for your truth. My friend Kye kicked off the testimony with a story about how im-portant simply accepting people’s identities are: For many young trans people, growing up and going through elementary school, junior high, high school, and even college can be ex-tremely difficult. And these folks don’t always have the support system they need. Many talked about the deep opposition they faced from their families. But it doesn’t end there. There’s difficulty finding work too. And even when trans people do find work, they can be subjected to cruel behavior from customers and even their own colleagues. Now most American get their health insur-ance through their employers. But there are no protections to ensure that trans people can have the medically necessary care covered. This extends to our service members too. But there are also issues of racism and people being excluded because of their disabilities. Listening to these very real struggles, I get upset thinking about how much time we have to spend convincing others to treat trans peo-ple as equals. It’s clear we still have a lot of work to do, including in places that are seen as more tolerant to the LGBTQ community. I don’t always know the right words, and I don’t always get everything right when talking about this issue. And that’s okay—I’m not trans. I do not have that experience. What’s important is that I listen, that I hear and accept what my trans friends and colleagues are telling me. And that I do the work they ask me to do. That is how you build a movement of gen-erosity and inclusion. Thanks to OutFront Minnesota and the Min-nesota Transgender Health Coalition for their help coordinating this town hall. But more im-portantly, thank you to those who shared their stories. The following are excerpts from various LGBTQ activists I recently invited to a town hall forum: Kye Allums: I was a sophomore in High School. I was unaware of all things transgender and had no words to describe who I was. Constantly fighting with my mom to prove I liked who I liked, and that I would rather wear basketball shorts instead of a dress. I was invisible; never validated or af-firmed. My mom let it be known that she was the one who defined me. I was her daughter; I was her girl. Until one day I went with her to meet a friend. We walked up to his office and he asked my mom, ‘‘Is this your son? He’s a lot taller than I remember.’’ In my mind I was like, ‘‘Yes!’’ Before my mom could say anything, I quickly replied, ‘‘Yup that’s me. I’m her son.’’ That moment, I was seen; I was seen by somebody, and that somebody was Congressman Keith Ellison. Aaron Dotta: I am a co-president of the GSA at St. Paul Academy, which is a private school in St Paul. Something I want to point out is, because our parents have resources to send us to a private school, we are able to be educated in a community that supports us, and we are able to be GSA presidents and we are able to push for things such as gender neutral bathrooms, which we now have in our school. What we wanted to say is, this privilege of being able to push for equality and have our identities be recognized, should not be limited to private schools. Students at all schools, including public schools, should be able have their own GSAs and their identities recognized by their adminis-tration, teachers and peers. Also as gender queer youth, we do face a lot of hardship when it comes to choosing colleges, when it comes to trying to finding summer jobs. We have to think about what names we put on our applications, and resumes. Looking at schools where we will hopefully be able to spend four years and get a college degree, we have to carefully think about what places in the country and what schools will be friendly to our identities, so that we can focus on getting an education without having to worry about our indent threatening our safe-ty and our mental health. Leo Bukovsan: Most of my college decision making was based on where I wouldn’t get kicked out of school. As a female to male transgender person, figuring out where I could be housed, where I could be safe, basi-cally, and that really was tough, making those decisions. Because I’m in a privileged situation where I can choose where I go to college pretty well, based on all those kinds of things, I still have to make sure that I’m going to be safe. Zaylore Stout: I live in St Louis Park. I’m a board member for RECLAIM!, which pro-vides mental health services to transgender and gender non-conforming youth. Locally, I’m a member of the Allies of St Louis Park, which is an advocacy group that started right after the election, in regards to work-ing towards progressive issues. Today I’m 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.009 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE634 May 16, 2017 
here representing as well the St Louis Park GSA group. The focus here is a student-led initiative to try to get the St Louis Park school board to pass a gender inclusion pol-icy. Now the school board has been working on this. They came up with a draft policy that’s been enhanced since October of last year, but they stalled. They stalled because of the Gavin Grimm case in front of the Su-preme Court. They also stalled because of the Virginia-Minnesota case, as well. Part of the issue was that they’re currently in the midst of looking for a new super intendant, but students need protection. There’s cur-rent no policy on the books in regards to whether the transgender and gender non-con-forming students can use whatever restroom facilities it is they need. There is no protec-tion for them in regards to faculty members or staff outing them to other students, to staff members or to the parents. There are great model policies that are out there, but the schools locally need to be able to pass these policies on their own. It’s my under-standing that the Minnesota Department of Education, as well the district attorney has advised the school boards to hold off, in re-gards to passing these policies because of the Virginia-Minnesota case. But the plaintiffs have pulled back in regards to that action, so there’s not holding the local school boards in regards to passing these types of initia-tives. Jannifer Halpaus: My child is transgender. He’s a sophomore. He came out 2 years ago, so it’s been a learning experience. And in this experience, I have encountered multiple phone calls from the school district because my child is trans. Because he wants to use a certain bathroom, because he wants to use a certain locker room and he won’t use the one they tell him to. On a state level, leadership should pass gender inclusion policies or gen-der affirming policies for all the schools in Minnesota, so we can end the problems we are having. My child is being pulled out of classes. He’s is being sat down with prin-cipals, and district employees, such as Title IX coordinators, upper level employees, the superintendent. As a child, I did not know my principals; I did not know my super-intendents, personally. I think my child should have that experience if he chooses. He should be able to attend schools as a boy, and be one of the guys. My child has recently been hospitalized three separate times in a psych ward. Since things were brought to the school board’s attention, he successfully joined the boy’s swim team. The staff sup-ported him. With three swim meets left in the season, the school board contacted the principal, who contacted me to say, ‘‘Your son cannot change in that locker room any-more.’’ Three hours later they rescinded that, but then instead of being allowed to take phy-ed like his peers, he was told, ‘‘We will give you a phy-ed credit for having par-ticipated in the swim team, in lieu of you not being in these locker rooms.’’ My child is female to male transgender, and many times when groups speak, they are not speaking about my child. They are speaking about male to female transgender. My child has problems with self-harm, suicide ideation, high level of anxiety, and addiction. And I can’t believe that none of these has been part of why. Dave Edwards: I am a board member at Transforming Families Minnesota it’s a peer group and community organization that sup-ports families with gender diverse youth. I appreciate you being here today and focusing on future outcomes for trans people, because that’s where my daughter will be not that long from now. I love the focus on the future; I think that always has to include our youth’s experiences in public schools. We can’t expect our landlords to rent to a trans person when they watch their high school principal tell a trans student where they can and can’t use the restroom. We can’t expect managers make hiring decisions equitable if they have watched their teachers minimize or diminish the discrimination that their trans classmates faced. I’m glad we brought up the gender inclusion policy; I worked with Minnesota Department of Education create the Model Policy. It has been completed and sitting since October and needs to come out and be available to schools before the 2017– 2018 school year. Danny Roman: A lot of the times people don’t realize it but home life isn’t very good either, along with school. It’s kind of hard for me, I suppose, because I don’t get all the support, but I get the support from friends and stuff and the school does supports me. Dasia Timmerman: Growing up is really hard in this state. I came from the Monte-video, Fairmount, and Morris area, finally the Twin Cities, Bloomington, and Eden Prairie. I didn’t get to come out. I tried in 1996; I couldn’t find services and I was with a really belittling family, and I eventually disowned my dad because of all his hate. He would get red in the face, and looked like he was going to get violent. Kaylee Jakubowski: It took me three years to come out to myself because it was terri-fying. Once I finally did, soon after coming out to my parents, they told me (their exact words): not in this house. So, I was not al-lowed to come home. I got abandoned from all the financial stability that they offered. And I was kind of set out to figure it out my-self there on out. I was going to university at Winona State at that time, and being very fi-nancial responsible, as I thought I was, I took out just enough money so that I can survive from beginning of fall semester to end of spring semester. What I didn’t foresee was losing the financial stability for the summer. I had no other option but to take out a credit card in order to feed myself. I maxed out the credit card, fifteen hundred dollars throughout the summer, to survive. I took out even more loans to go back to school. Funny thing about signing up for stu-dent loans with your parents as co-signers is that once you have to pay them back, they assume that you’re still under your parents’ budget. So when they’re making $80,000 a year, I have to pay my loans as if I’m mak-ing $80,000 a year. When in reality, after taxes, I’m making 18 to 19 thousand dollars a year. That is very difficult. Turns out to be six to eight hundred dollars a month, de-pending on whether or not I want to skip one. Getting through the day, day to day, is an incredible challenge. Hayes McRoy: One of my groups I go to, a LGBTQ group, is losing some of its funding. It is a free group, but they supply snacks and activities. One time, there’s a trans girl there who doesn’t have any clothes because her family doesn’t support her. And we went out, we got her some clothes so she can feel more comfortable. And a great resource like that is currently losing funding, and along with that there also homeless shelter for LGBT youth, which will take up 20–40 per-cent of homeless population, is also losing some funding. And that just seems very wrong to me. Dasia: At first I got some part time jobs. I wasn’t paid for three weeks because they had a problem with my preferred name versus my legal name. I’ve since changed my legal name, all my documents, but I’m starting my own business to escape transphobia. I am house cleaner and I am good at it. It’s awe-some. Kaylee: I tried to get a job [after my par-ents cut me off], but that posed to be an-other difficult challenge. There’s nothing I can do legally about the hiring discrimina-tion that I faced. Because the evidence is seeing the hiring professional come out with all this little books, looking over the papers as he was going to ask me questions about [my application]. Looking up and seeing who I am, and then losing all that energy and giving me half of an interview because he didn’t want to. There’s nothing I can prove there, but it’s everything that I feel to know that I was not allowed to get a job in that es-tablishment. I went back to school at this time. Tried to get a job on top of school and ended up working at McDonalds because they’re very easy to get a job with. I worked there for seven months until it culminated on me that all the bullying I was getting from co-workers and customers was too tax-ing on my mental health. The entire last week that I worked at McDonalds, I remem-ber just crying in the washroom because there nothing else to do. This is not a way that anyone deserves to make money. To make $7.25 an hour to try to feed themselves. Zaylore: As a labor and employment law attorney, I still see discrimination cases and handle discrimination cases from individuals within the LGBTQ community. Whether it’s employers not providing reasonable accom-modations to individuals who are HIV posi-tive, or terminating employees once they find they are HIV positive, or outing transgender employees at their facilities. And when they report to HR, they end up getting retaliated against in regards to that. So this is still an issue, even though we have laws on book protecting individual. We still need the support from our local officials re-gards to making this type of things get ad-dressed and taken care of. Emily Ott: My specific concern is the First Amendment Defense Act and the similar bills that are popping up around the United States, one of which is here in Minnesota. I feel that these bills set a dangerous prece-dent. These bills will allow blatant and open discrimination against members of our com-munity based solely on individuals saying, ‘‘I have a religious objection to who you are,’’ or to how you live your life, or who you love. I cannot think of anything more potentially damaging to the concept of American liberty and freedom and justice for all people than these bills. It sets a dangerous precedent for future minority groups that might also run afoul. For example, what about Wiccan peo-ple? Do I throw them out of my business be-cause I don’t agree with their philosophies and their religious beliefs, and they’re objec-tionable to me? Do I refuse service as a med-ical provider to somebody because, ‘‘I’m sorry but I can’t treat your child you’re a lesbian couple and I don’t agree with your lifestyle’’? These things are happening al-ready, and I fear what this does and what it can do to the United States of America and to its people if these bills are allowed to be-come law. Dasia: We’re facing insurance things in this state that would prevent me from my HRT, which I have been on for seven months. It’s good insurance, Minnesota state insur-ance. She works for MNSCU, Minnesota State Colleges and Universities. It’s awe-some insurance. Apparently it’s not going to be soon. Dave: I am an employee of the University of Minnesota. I work in the Educational Psy-chology department. I have great health in-surance. Last year my daughter was lucky enough, after being on the waiting list for over a year at the Center for Sexual Health, to finally get in. The second they ran my in-surance, they wanted to let me know that there was a categorical exclusion for any kind of medical intervention. While that is many years down the road, that’s something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.002 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE635 May 16, 2017 
we need to fix. If the University of Min-nesota can’t provide coverage for the serv-ices they offer as an institution to their em-ployees, something’s wrong. The Center for Sexual Health is leading in the Midwest as the expert location for affirming Trans care; all the service that they either provide or refer to should be covered by our insurance. Kaylee: I fought very hard to get HRT pro-grams in Winona because, before I petitioned Semcac, which is essentially our Planned Parenthood, about getting hormone proce-dures in their office, we would either have to go up to Rochester, an hour away, or down to Lacrosse, out of state and forty minutes away. So I tried to get those local and I suc-ceeded. And now, I get to pay about $80 a month for hormones, which is not doable for me. Right now, I take about half the rec-ommended dosage. I skip days; I skip weeks at a time because I don’t have the money to take care of myself because all the things I’ve had to sacrifice financially have cul-minated on top of another and stacked. Now, it’s difficult. Even getting here was chal-lenging. I’ve counted every penny that every bus has required of me. $50 for round trip train ticket to here. $2.25 for the bus here, but I had to pay $3 because I didn’t have any quarters. Bottled of water cost $1.25. I’m counting all this in my head; keeping it on track so I don’t go negative before my next paycheck. HRT is described as very big chal-lenge I can’t do. Nicole Vanderheiden: I am a queer trans woman. As a direct result of my trans status, I have experienced family rejection, home-lessness, hunger, and sexual assault, dis-crimination in education, employment, and health care. I am going to talk about my ex-perience as a veteran in the U.S. Forces. Like many other trans folk who serve in the military at a proportion twice that of the general population, I served honorably in the U.S. Air force. I get my treatment solely from the Department of Veteran Affairs, which currently operates under blanket ex-clusion for transgender surgical care. It is unconscionable that in 2017 we have a federal agency that is not only failing to prohibit discrimination, but also operating under policies that prescribe discrimination. I real-ly want to ask you to take action to end those polices, and to prevent our federal agencies from discriminating against trans folks. Luci Peterson: I am transgender, male-to- female, I am autistic, Jewish, and just re-cently was hired as a para-educator with a great company. The real reason I want to share and testify, whenever it comes to the LGBT community in conversation, wherever I go, I experience what I consider a gap in the conversation. That gap is around disabil-ities. The one I can specifically speak about is autism. I volunteer a lot with Autism So-ciety of Minnesota, Awesome.org, and AUSM. I just think that it is very dangerous for those people out there, because there is a lot of nonverbal autistic people and then people of all types of disabilities that, de-pending on where they are living or what their current situation is, they may not have the freedom that able-bodied people do to speak for themselves. We’re trying to get a mentorship program going for autistic adults like me to mentor younger autistic people, and I’d like to see more programs like that in the LGBT community, where no matter what your other identities are that LGBT adults could come along LGBT youth. Show-ing them how they have coped and managed to live a healthy and successful life. Roxanne Anderson: I want to talk a little bit about where I work and spend time at 3405 Chicago, The Minnesota Transgender Health Organization and Coalition. We’re formed by and for transgender folks. We’re the only transgender led by-and-for 501(c)3 nonprofit in Minnesota. We do a lot of work, and we’ve been doing that work since 2007. We offer services that are inclusive, and serve about 165 Trans and gender non-con-forming folk throughout the week. We do six support groups. Our shot clinic serves over 40 people in the six hours that we are open dur-ing the week. We spend a lot of time working with Dave [Edwards], and others with the Minnesota Department of Education to be gender-inclusive in schools, and to insure that trans and gender non-conforming can mark their identities on the student survey, something we need to make sure we keep in place in Minnesota. We do harm reduction through syringe exchange; we have food selves, clothe shelves, gender gear. We do shot assistance, and we do that all through the support of volunteers. We do that all under a budget under $30,000 a year. That sounds awesome, and it is not sustainable. It means that everybody that gives their time, and energy, and effort to MTHC does so with-out pay. We are located at 3405 Chicago which also houses Cafe´Southside, which em-ploys at about 80–85 percent trans and non- gender conforming folk. I don’t know if there is any other place in the whole state that can say that the majority of the people that they employ are trans. It also houses Rare Productions, which is an art and entertain-ment for LGBT folk of color. The reason I am mentioning this is because like lots of folks have said, we’re in jeopardy. We don’t have a lot of funding, and we don’t get a lot of support from foundations or big business. I think to the point of economics it’s really important to know that those organizations that are specially supporting trans folk, and figuring out how to support them. f 
COMMENDING THE NORTHWEST INDIANA BUSINESS AND INDUS-TRY HALL OF FAME CLASS OF 2017 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise to commend numerous exceptional leaders from Indiana who were honored as the Northwest Indiana Business and Industry Hall of Fame Class of 2017. While there were many nomi-nees, this year’s inductees include Joseph Mansueto, Raymundo Garcia, Karen Maravilla, Craig Dwight, Robert Johnson, Fair Oaks Farms, and Don Babcock. For their many con-tributions to the community of Northwest Indi-ana and beyond, these honorees were recog-nized at the 10th Annual Induction Ceremony on Tuesday, May 16, 2017, at the Avalon Manor in Merrillville, Indiana. Mitch Daniels, President of Purdue University and former Governor of Indiana, was the keynote speaker for the event. Joe Mansueto is the founder and Executive Chairman of Morningstar Incorporated. Morningstar was initially created to educate in-dividual investors, but it quickly became an asset to financial advisors and institutions. Under Joe’s leadership, the company has be-come a global organization, managing 1.2 mil-lion retirement assets and advising up to 10.9 million individual investors, 300,000 plan spon-sors, 250,000 investment advisors and more than 1,300 institutions. Morningstar secures $800 million in annual revenue, does business with 27 companies globally, and employs more than 4,500 people worldwide. Raymundo Garcia and Karen Maravilla are the owners and operators of El Taco Real res-taurant in Hammond, Indiana. In addition, Karen owns and operates Its Just Serendipity, a vintage shop in downtown Hammond. Throughout their twenty-one years together, Karen and Raymundo have shared a passion for entrepreneurship as well as a philanthropic spirit. The community of Hammond is very im-portant to them, and they have worked hard to help revitalize parts of the city over the years. Their next project includes the purchase of three large properties in downtown Hammond that they will renovate and repurpose. Craig Dwight is the Horizon Bancorp Chair-man and Chief Executive Officer. Under Craig’s leadership, Horizon’s total assets in-creased from $360 million to $3.1 billion in 2016. In addition, Horizon currently includes 59 branches and is one of the top largest banks in the state of Indiana, while ranking as the 342nd largest bank in the United States. Mr. Dwight’s charitable efforts are to be ad-mired and commended. Craig continues to give back to the community and has chaired numerous fundraising campaigns for many or-ganizations, including the United Way of LaPorte County, the Martin Luther King Cen-ter, the Michigan City Education Fund, and the YMCA, to name a few. Robert Johnson is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Cimcor, which is based in Merrillville, Indiana. Cimcor is a global cyber-security company that acts to keep information and servers protected and secure. Due to his hard work, strong leadership, and innovative mind, Robert Johnson has made Cimcor im-mensely successful. Customers include NASA, the United States Air Force, and the Chicago Stock Exchange, to name a few. In addition, Mr. Johnson enjoys giving back to the commu-nity of Northwest Indiana and serves on the advisory boards for Valparaiso University’s Cyber Operations/IT Programs, Purdue Uni-versity Northwest’s Computer Technology De-partment, and Indiana University Northwest’s Computer Information Sciences Program. Robert also serves as chairman of the board of directors of the Legacy Foundation, and he is a member of the board of directors for Methodist Hospitals. The recipient of the Enterprise of the Year Award is Fair Oaks Farms. Fair Oaks Farms, located at the border of Jasper and Newton counties, is an incredibly successful working farm that is also an agricultural tourist destina-tion. The farm brings in more than 600,000 visitors each year and is a popular field trip site for area schools. Fair Oaks continues to grow and expand its many attractions, includ-ing the pig adventure, pork education center, the farm-to-table Farmhouse Restaurant, the dairy adventure, and more. Fair Oaks is plan-ning to add many new and innovative attrac-tions that will appeal to a wide audience and give guests a reason to keep coming back, such as a beef cattle adventure and a poultry attraction that will demonstrate how 500,000 to 700,000 chickens are raised. The recipient of the Partners in Progress Award is Don Babcock. Don is the Economic Development Director for NIPSCO and has been very successful in creating partnerships that bring in new industries, such as Alcoa Howmet, Hoist Liftruck, and Pratt Industries. Don also works tirelessly to build support for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.002 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE636 May 16, 2017 
many public works projects such as the South Shore commuter rail expansion and the Gary Airport runway improvement. Mr. Babcock is also President of the Michigan City Redevel-opment Commission, which is currently work-ing on a $20 million rejuvenation of the city. He has been called, ‘‘an unsinkable cheer-leader for the region.’’ I am truly grateful for his enthusiasm and unwavering dedication to the community of Northwest Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my distin-guished colleagues to join me in commending these dedicated leaders upon their induction into the Northwest Indiana Business and In-dustry Hall of Fame. They are truly deserving of this honor, and for their exceptional leader-ship and commitment to the region and be-yond, each of them is worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM MOREHOUSE 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of William ‘‘Bill’’ Morehouse. So many of us in the greater Van-couver community knew, or knew of, Bill. He was a member of the United States Army and the National Guard early in his life, and his lifelong service to not only his country but his local community are what helped defined him. Bill’s military service spanned World War II, and then as a POW guard at the Fort Van-couver barracks in Washington state. Bill was a true patriot who cared about the safety of all Americans. Later in his life, Bill became involved in countless volunteer organizations to continue serving those around him. He was a member of the global community service organization, the Lion’s Club, as well as the American Le-gion. But it was his many years spent as a member and even president of the Moses Wil-liams Pacific Northwest Chapter of the Buffalo Soldiers by which most of us knew him. In that position, he led toy and food drives for under-privileged kids, and provided Honor Guard at various military ceremonies and parades. In his free time, Bill enjoyed being with his child, grandchild, and great grandchildren and on behalf of Southwest Washington, I express to them my sincere condolences. He will be missed and always remembered. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF E.T. RICHARDSON MIDDLE SCHOOL 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate E.T. Richardson Middle School, in the Springfield School District of Pennsyl-vania, on their re-designation as a School to Watch by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle-Grade Reform and the Pennsylvania Don Eichhorn Schools: ‘‘Schools to Watch Program.’’ Schools that earn the Schools to Watch designation demonstrate academic excellence, developmental responsiveness, social equity, and organizational processes. E.T. Richardson Middle School has demonstrated its commit-ment to educating young students in the com-munity and preparing them for success in and beyond middle school. The middle school pro-vides a rigorous curriculum and offers many academic, athletic and social activities open to all students. I congratulate Principal Daniel Tracy and all the school’s hardworking teachers, staff, stu-dents and parents for earning this impressive distinction. f 
80TH BIRTHDAY OF JOSEPH GEOGHAN 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 80th Birthday of Brooklyn’s Jo-seph Geoghan. Born on May 26, 1937, Joe Geoghan is a man devoted to his family, faith and career. In 1961, he married the love of his life, Kay, with whom he has five children and nine grand-children. After graduating from St. John’s Uni-versity in 1959 and Fordham Law School in 1964, he volunteered his time to the Brooklyn Diocese starting in 1975. Having attended a Catholic school for his undergraduate studies, Joe knew the great work that the Catholic faith has done in providing students with a quality education. Nevertheless, his volunteer work did not stop there. He served on the Diocesan Education Commission, and he was a found-ing member of the Diocesan Finance Council, on which he still serves. Additionally, he also served as the first director of the Alive in Hope Foundation. To top it off, Joe is a Eucharistic Minister at St. Rosalie Parish. For all he has done for the Brooklyn Diocese, the Vatican made Joe a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great in 2003. Aside from championing numerous chari-table causes, Joseph Geoghan also had a successful business career. While still in col-lege, Joe got his first job at Union Carbide, for which he would end up working decades. After graduating law school, the company imme-diately made him one of their attorneys. From there, he served as Chief International Coun-sel, Deputy General Counsel, and Vice Presi-dent and General Counsel. Moreover, Joe sat on Union Carbide’s Board of Directors from 1990 through 1998. Mr. Speaker, I wish Joseph Geoghan a very happy 80th birthday. His lifelong devotion to his faith, as well as his tremendous work ethic are simply astounding. I thank him for his service to the Brooklyn community and wish him all the best. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO TOM HLAVACEK 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tom Hlavacek who has served as the Executive Director of the Alzheimer’s As-sociation of Southeastern Wisconsin since 2005. He is retiring on June 30, 2017. As Executive Director of the Alzheimer’s As-sociation of Southeastern Wisconsin he has supervised a staff of 29 who provided over 37,000 points of service per year in the chap-ter’s eleven county region service area. Mr. Hlavacek convened and chaired the Alz-heimer’s Challenging Behaviors Task Force which produced two reports, ‘‘Handcuffed’’ and ‘‘We All Hold the Keys’’. The reports led to his testimony before U.S. Senate Special Com-mittee on Aging. Mr. Hlavacek has also been very involved in Wisconsin and proposed leg-islation to assist those receiving long term care services. Mr. Hlavacek holds a Master of Science de-gree in Rehabilitation Counseling from the University of Wisconsin—Milwaukee. He is a past recipient of the Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr. Foundation Public Policy Fellowship and served in Washington, D.C. as a Disability Fel-low in the United States Senate in the Office of former Senator Harkin—Iowa. Prior to his service with the Alzheimer’s As-sociation of Southeastern Wisconsin, Mr. Hlavacek directed the Milwaukee Office of Dis-ability Rights Wisconsin which is the statewide protection and advocacy system for people with disabilities. He also served as the Advo-cacy Director at United Cerebral Palsy of Southeastern Wisconsin. He has advocated tirelessly on behalf of the disability and aging communities for nearly 40 years. I am grateful to have had the oppor-tunity to know and work with Tom over the years, whether it was on housing for those with disabilities or funding for Alzheimer’s and other long term care services, he provided in-valuable information and counsel. I am so sorry I am unable to join him, his family, friends and colleagues at his retirement cele-bration on June 14, 2017. However, I wish him much success as he transitions into a different phase of his life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Tom Hlavacek and I am proud to call him a friend of the long term care community. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of his ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Tom Hlavacek. f 
CELEBRATING THE SALEM VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Salem Volunteer Fire Department. On November 27, 2016, our country’s flag was raised over the Fire Department’s brand new station, beginning a fresh chapter in the organization’s two hundred and fourteen-year history. Since its foundation, the Salem Volun-teer Fire Department has played a crucial role in the community. In 2011, firefighters were called on to rescue Salem’s families from the flooding caused by Hurricane Irene, as well as to respond to a deadly propane explosion on State Route 29. This department has also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.006 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE637 May 16, 2017 
served the entire state of New York, readily volunteering their assistance on September 11, 2001. In my district, we are proud of these fire-fighters and respect the sacrifices that they make to ensure our community is safe. On be-half on New York’s 21st District, I would like to congratulate the Salem Volunteer Fire De-partment as they open their new firehouse. We are grateful for their service, and hope that this new station will serve as a suitable home for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. SID LAPIDUS 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Mr. Sid Lapidus, who is receiving a Life-time Achievement Award from United Jewish Appeal (UJA) Federation of New York. Mr. Lapidus retired in 2007 after a long, dis-tinguished career as a partner of Warburg Pincus LLC, a private equity firm in New York City. He previously worked at the Securities and Exchange Commission and today sits on the board of two publicly traded companies, Lennar Corporation and Knoll, Inc. Outside of work, Sid has dedicated his time to charitable organizations. He has held nu-merous roles within UJA Federation, including serving as a board member, chair of the Net-work, Commission, and member of the Fi-nance and Executive Committees. In addition, Mr. Lapidus is passionate about cultural arti-facts and heritage, serving as a trustee and chair of both the Finance Committee of the Center for Jewish History and the Library Committee of the New York Historical Society. Mr. Speaker, Sid Lapidus has had an ex-ceptional career and has dedicated himself to improving the lives of others. I urge my col-leagues to join me in commending him for re-ceiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from UJA Federation of New York. 
f 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SCHOOL OF BUSI-NESS AND INDUSTRY HONORS PREP PROGRAM AT HARRISBURG HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my sincere congratulations to Harrisburg High School on the 25th Anniversary of its School of Business and Industry (SBI) Honors Prep Program. In 1991, the Harrisburg School District en-tered into a partnership with Florida A&M Uni-versity to incorporate a School of Business & Industry Prep School Program into the Harris-burg High Campus curriculum. The goal of the SBI Program is to orient potentially high achieving scholars to the world of business and industry and enhance their critical think-ing, listening and communication skills. SBI is a three-year accelerated honors pro-gram and has proven to build leadership skills and self-esteem, strengthen scholars’ prepara-tion for college and the career world, and em-power them to become entrepreneurs. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I thank and congratulate all involved—past and present—with the SBI Honors Prep Program at Harrisburg High School on their 25th Anniversary and wish them continued great success in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING MR. MICKEY GORAL FOR HIS DECADES OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mickey Goral, who is retiring as the Rockford Township Supervisor. Mr. Goral has honorably worked through various levels of government and public service for more than 40 years, and he will be greatly missed. Mr. Goral served our region as a member of the Winnebago County Board for 18 years. Since then, he has held the position of Rock-ford Township Supervisor for the past two decades in which he has provided temporary assistance to some of our community’s most vulnerable populations. Through his tenure as Township Supervisor, he has strived to mentor and provide individuals with the tools and re-sources they need to succeed. Under the di-rection of Mr. Goral, Rockford Township’s gen-eral assistance office has not only enriched the lives of those in our community, but has allowed Rockford Township to serve as a role model for those across our state and the country that are looking to better their assist-ance services. Mr. Goral’s great accomplishments have been recognized far beyond our community, leading him to being elected to the position of First Vice President for the Township Officials of Illinois by representatives from over 14,000 Townships. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Goral for his commitment to public service and for all of the work he has done to better our commu-nity. I congratulate him again on his well- earned retirement and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
TWO HARRISBURG HEROES 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge City of Harrisburg, Illinois, Water and Sewer Superintendent Kelly Hefner and Harrisburg Fire Chief John Gunning for their fast thinking and their quick response during our most recent flooding in the 15th District of Illinois. At the beginning of May, both the su-perintendent and the fire chief rescued drivers whose vehicles had ended up submerged in water. Kelly Hefner dove into the floodwaters near the intersection of East Sloan Street and Com-mercial Street in Harrisburg on May 1st. Hef-ner moved quickly to rescue a man who had driven his SUV into a flooded ditch. It was the second rescue in that particular area of town. Just the day before, Fire Chief Gunning had to rescue the driver of a vehicle who had driven into a flooded ditch. Both heroes selflessly acted fast to assist the drivers, who could not undo their seat belts as cold water flooded into their sinking vehicles. I offer my deepest admiration and gratitude to these two heroic gentlemen for working hard to keep Harrisburg’s citizens safe, and for inspiring us all to think about oth-ers. I thank Superintendent Hefner and Chief Gunning for their service. f 
HONORING BASCOM SORRELL 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special individual, Mr. Bascom Sorrell, of Nicholas County, Kentucky. Bascom has been a prominent member of his community for many years. Bascom Sorrell is a lifelong resident of Nich-olas County and a graduate of Nicholas Coun-ty High School. Jockey International employed him from 1966 to 2005, where he served as Plant Manager from 1984 until 2005. Bascom served in the Kentucky National Guard from 1960 to 1966 and reached the rank of Ser-geant. He coached Babe Ruth baseball for many years and was chairman and coach of JC’s Little League basketball from 1966 to 1975. Bascom was a member of Daugherty Lodge 65 of F & AM for 45 years and Master in 1975. Bascom has served on the Advisory Board for Hospice of the Blue Grass and con-tinues to serve on the Advisory Board for the Community Action Council. A loyal member of the Carlisle Rotary Club, Bascom is a past president and recipient of the Paul Harris Fel-lowship award. Bascom recently retired as Chair of the Nicholas County Economic Development Au-thority, having served on the board from 2006 to 2008 and again from 2011 to 2017. His leadership with this group was critical in im-proving economic opportunities in Nicholas County. There is no question that Carlisle and Nich-olas Counties are much better places due to Bascom’s dedication to the community and its citizens. His devotion and long-term service to Carlisle and Nicholas Counties are widely rec-ognized and greatly appreciated. Bascom is a true leader in his community and a role model for future leaders. His fellow citizens are hon-oring him for his leadership and devotion. Bascom Sorrell is a fine man who has earned the respect of his community. He is a true servant leader. It is my honor to call him my friend and to recognize him before the United States House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.002 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE638 May 16, 2017 
ACHIEVEMENTS OF U.S. MARINE CORPS IN WORLD WAR I 
HON. WALTER B. JONES 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to recognize the U.S. Marine Corps’ achievements in World War I. At the entry of the United States into World War I, the Marine Corps was relatively small and relegated to ship-borne duty and small expeditionary out-posts in far flung locations, such as China and the Caribbean, numbering less than 14,000 of-ficers and men. By the end of the war, the Corps had swelled to more than 75,000; of which 30,000 were ground combat forces in France, and another 1,600 served with the U.S. Navy in Europe on board ships, on shore, and with the Navy’s aviation force, the Northern Bombing Group. The 5th and 6th Regiments as well as the 6th Machine Gun Battalion formed the 4th Bri-gade under the U.S. Army’s 2d Division in late 1917. Their baptism by fire came at Belleau Wood in June 1918 when the 2d Division halt-ed the German advance toward Paris through three weeks of bloody fighting. The Marines continued to prove their mettle throughout the summer and fall of 1918 at Soissons, St. Mihiel, Blanc Mont, and Meuse-Argonne. At the end of the war, the 4th Brigade remained as part of the 3d Army, occupying Germany along the Rhine River. While the 4th Brigade battled the Germans, the 5th Brigade arrived in France and served as part of the Army’s Service of Supply to the entire American Expeditionary Forces, as well as provided a pool of replacements to the 4th Brigade. The First Marine Aviation Force (FMAF), as part of the Northern Bombing Group, arrived in late summer 1918 and oper-ated over the English Channel and Belgian coast from Calais, France, conducting antisub-marine patrols, bombing German submarine pens, and even providing close air support and food drops to Entente troops in Belgium. On a smaller scale, the First Marine Aero-nautic Company conducted antisubmarine pa-trols out of Ponta Delgada, Azores. In the six months of fighting on the Western Front, the Marine Corps suffered approxi-mately 12,000 casualties; 8 Marines earned the Medal of Honor, and another 152 Marines earned the Navy Cross. The Marine reputation as a fierce fighting force was well earned, and whether on ‘‘land, air, or sea,’’ the American people can be undeniably proud of the per-formance of their Marine Corps in World War I. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 4, 2017 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1628 is an assault on hard-working Americans and their families. Trumpcare is sickness care for millions of Americans who will lose their healthcare cov-erage and have to receive healthcare in hos-pital emergency rooms. Trumpcare is tax care for the 400 richest families, who will receive about $7 million a year ad infinitum if this bill becomes law. Trumpcare is less care for Americans who will buy cheap health insurance policies and find they are worthless when they get sick and need care. Trumpcare is insufficient care after the $8 billion over 5 years for high-risk pools in this bill runs out across the country. Trumpcare is discriminatory care when states can determine that you deserve unaffordable high risk care. Trumpcare is no care for Americans with pre-existing conditions who cannot afford their premiums. Trumpcare is a careless political scheme concocted to win elections and line the pock-ets of the very wealthy at the expense of the millions who will lose healthcare. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILL TO DIS-PLAY THE FLAG IN HONOR OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MAYORS ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce a bill that would make a small but signifi-cant change to federal law by adding the Mayor of the District of Columbia to the list of named principals for whom the President can order the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff. Cur-rent law states that the President shall make this order ‘‘upon the death of principal figures of the United States Government and the Gov-ernor of a State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their memory.’’ Surely the death of a cunent or former D.C. Mayor should qualify as a principal. My bill would add D.C. Mayors, who have many of the same re-sponsibilities as state and territory governors, to the current list of officials. This bill is a con-tinuation of our ‘‘Free and Equal D.C.’’ series to ensure fair recognition of the nearly 700,000 citizens of the District of Columbia. Congress already acknowledges that D.C. deserves a place among the states for certain honors, and this addition is not as great as others Congress has already recognized. We have already won congressional recognition of D.C. in situations where the city was over-looked while honoring the states. For example, our legislation ensured that the District of Co-lumbia War Memorial honored only District residents who served in World War I and that D.C.’s Frederick Douglass statue sits in the Capitol alongside statues from the 50 states. We also successfully worked with the U.S. Postal Service to create a D.C. stamp, like the stamps for the 50 states, and worked with the National Park Service to add the D.C. flag alongside the state flags across from Union Station. Legislation was also enacted to give D.C. a coin after it was omitted from legislation cre-ating coins for the 50 states. Legislation was needed to require the armed services to dis-play the District flag whenever the flags of the states are displayed. With this acknowledge-ment, it is not too much to ask Congress to add the Mayor to the list of principals who are recognized upon their deaths. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
TERRY WETHERILL 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Terry Wetherill, who recently received the Emergency Manager of the Year Award. Terry is the Mineral County emergency man-ager and search and rescue coordinator. As part of the Mineral County Search and Rescue team, he serves as an EMT in the County Am-bulance Service and as a fireman in the Vol-unteer Fire Department. Terry’s roots in the community run deep. Terry’s family was one of Mineral County’s founding families, settling there over one hundred years ago. Terry made his home in Creede after 29 years of service in the U.S. Navy. As Mineral County Emergency Manager, Terry has spearheaded the use of technology to aid in difficult search and rescue missions in the San Luis Valley in situations where all- terrain vehicles and snowmobiles can’t access those in need of emergency services. Ava-lanches and steep cliffs create treacherous conditions in parts of the San Luis Valley, and the drone helps prevent rescuers from having to put themselves in life-threatening situations, Thanks to the work of Terry’s office, Archuleta, Hinsdale, Mineral, and Rio Grande counties will now have access to this life saving drone. Mr. Speaker, Terry Wetherill’s service to Colorado and his commitment to safety and security in the San Luis Valley is commend-able and we are fortunate to have him, He is well-deserving of this honor, and I wish him the very best in the future. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the dedicated law enforcement officers who serve and protect communities in Min-nesota and across the United States and to remember those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. In Minnesota’s Fourth District and through-out America, police and peace officers bear an enormous responsibility. In local departments, state agencies, and for the federal govern-ment, the women and men of law enforcement put their lives on the line each and every day to keep our families and communities safe. As Ranking Member of Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, I am particularly mindful of the work and sacrifice of federal law enforcement officers whose tasks range from serving Americans visiting our National Parks to protecting our natural resources. This National Peace Officers Memorial Day and Police Week, we remember our fallen law enforcement officers. Last year, more than 140 officers lost their lives in the line of duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.008 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE639 May 16, 2017 
As we honor their courage and sacrifice, I send my deepest condolences to the family, friends, and loved ones of our fallen heroes who so proudly wore the police uniform. Congress must continue to ensure that our local and state police, as well as their federal colleagues, have the resources they need to do their jobs and serve our communities. Today and throughout the year, I join my colleagues and all Americans as we honor our law enforcement officers and remember those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the service of our families and communities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GETZVILLE VOLUNTEER FIRE COMPANY LA-DIES AUXILIARY UPON THE OC-CASION OF THEIR 95TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I join the Amherst Women’s Interclub Council in recognizing the accomplishments and tireless work of the Getzville Volunteer Fire Company Ladies Auxiliary. The Ladies Auxiliary has been serving their community for nearly 95 years through fundraising for many causes, and assisting those who were dis-placed due to factors beyond their control. The Ladies Auxiliary was formed in Sep-tember 5, 1922 at the request of then-Presi-dent of the Getzville Fire Company Sam Heim and Mr. George Dettmer. During the early years of the Auxiliary, the ladies would hold fundraisers such as card parties, dances and dinners. The money raised would help the Fire Company buy new equipment. During the 1940’s, the Ladies Auxiliary Group donated to the American Red Cross to assist them during World War II. The Getzville Ladies Auxiliary continues to provide vital assistance to those in need and enhance the quality of life in their community to this day. Especially impressive is their will-ingness to help victims of disasters by giving them a safe place to stay and ensuring they are fed. Trademarks of the Ladies Auxiliary that will long be remembered include their famous chili during their summer picnics, their fashion shows, mystery rides and dinners that cele-brate their anniversary. In the grand scheme of things, they will mostly be remembered for their work in the community, their selfless vol-unteerism and their caring and compassion. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the work that the Getzville Volunteer Fire Com-pany Ladies Auxiliary has done as they ap-proach their 95th Anniversary celebration on September 11, 2017. I wish them the best in all their future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUMTER COUNTY LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Sumter County Sheriff Bill Farmer, Wildwood Police Department Chief E.W. Reeser and the law enforcement officers who keep Sumter County safe every single day. This week marks the annual observance of Police Week. Though we set aside one week a year to honor law enforcement, I encourage all Americans to join me not only this week, but every day, in recognizing the honor, cour-age, and commitment of America’s law en-forcement. Our law enforcement officers are heroes in the community. They keep us safe, and are willing to put their lives on the line every day in the course of their duties. It is impossible to fully express our gratitude or adequately rec-ognize the professionalism of the men and women who voluntarily put their lives on the line for our safety and security. It is with deep respect that we pause today to honor the memory of the heroes who gave the last full measure of devotion and made the ultimate sacrifice. I want to extend my sincere appreciation to Sumter County Sheriff Bill Farmer, City of Wildwood Police Chief E.W. Reeser, and the law enforcement officers who bravely and self-lessly serve Sumter County. It is an honor to recognize them and all men and women in law enforcement. f 
IN HONOR OF THE WYOMING STATE SOCIETY, DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Wyoming State Society, Daugh-ters of the American Revolution, which will hold its one hundred and second annual con-ference on May 18–21st in Casper, Wyoming. Members will attend from across Wyoming and host Daughters of the Republic President General Ann Turner Dillon as the keynote speaker. As part of the National Society, Daughters of the American Revolution, the Wyoming State Society is a non-profit, non-po-litical, women’s volunteer organization that is dedicated to preserving American history and promoting patriotism. The Wyoming State Society, Daughters of the Revolution, is comprised of women who can prove lineal descent from a patriot of the American Revolution. These women invest many hours serving their local communities by supporting active duty military personnel, pro-moting historic preservation, working with school children, and welcoming new American citizens at naturalization ceremonies. I am grateful for Daughters of the Revolution mem-bers’ commitment to preserving our national heritage. Each chapter in the State Society has a unique connection to the local community and its history. The Fort Caspar Chapter, NSDAR, where this year’s conference will be held, is named in honor of Lieutenant Caspar Collins, who sacrificed his life trying to rescue a wagon train that was headed for the local fort. The Fort Caspar Chapter has been dedicated to veteran services, genealogy, community services, and historic preservation since its founding in 1914. It is my honor to acknowl-edge this and the many contributions the women of the Daughters of the Revolution have made throughout history, and continue to make today. f 
RECOGNIZING DEER PARK POLICE DEPARTMENT ON PEACE OFFI-CERS MEMORIAL DAY 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Deer Park Police Department. On May 15, 2017, the Deer Park Police Depart-ment will hold its 17th Annual Police Officer Memorial Service to recognize the 135 police officers killed in the line of duty across the na-tion, and specifically the 17 police officers killed in the State of Texas in 2016. We honor and memorialize 135 police officers who will never go home, see their spouses, see their children, or walk on God’s earth again. The service is in recognition of National Po-lice Week, May 14 to May 20, 2017. Estab-lished by a Joint Resolution of Congress in 1962, President John F. Kennedy proclaimed May 15th as National Peace Officers Memorial Day and the week in which that day falls, as National Police Week. Mr. Speaker, this is a time to honor those who form the thin blue line that protects our community and pay tribute to those who have given their life keeping us safe. I couldn’t be more thankful and proud of the men and women who protect our communities. May God continue to protect our entire law enforcement community and comfort the fam-ily and comrades of those who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND PEG CHEMBERLIN 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Reverend Peg Chemberlin, for her many years of public service to the citizens of the Fifth Congressional District, the Minnesota Council of Churches (MCC), and to the great state of Minnesota. As the leader of the MCC since 1995, Rev-erend Chemberlin has led the organization into one of the premier state councils of churches in the nation. The Rt. Rev. James L. Jelinek, Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Minnesota, described Reverend Chemberlin as, ‘‘both a professional and a volunteer, with the gift of leadership and inspiration.’’ During her time leading the MCC, the membership has grown by over 30 percent, half from his-toric Black Churches. She has been a key voice against religious bigotry, working hard to unite interfaith com-munities, foster interfaith solidarity, and to up-hold the constitutional right to religious free-dom without the fear of violence. Following the attacks of 9/11, she organized a diverse group of faith leaders for a massive gathering at the Minnesota State Capitol. She also aided in or-ganizing a broad group of religious leaders, in-cluding Buddhists, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.012 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE640 May 16, 2017 
and more to pray after the 35W bridge col-lapse in Minneapolis. Reverend Chemberlin also had the honor of being the 25th President of the National Coun-cil of Churches from 2009 to 2011. She was the first Minnesotan and the fourth woman to hold that position. The NCC has been a lead-ing force in increasing collaboration among various Christian groups throughout the United States. Reverend Chemberlin has also been the re-cipient of numerous awards, including former Minnesota Governor Arne Carlson’s Woman of Excellence award in 1994, the NOVA (Non- Violent Alternatives) Peace and Justice Award presented by St. Cloud State University, and Angel of Reconciliation award from Unity Bap-tist Church. After 21 years, Rev. Peg Chemberlin has chosen to retire. Twenty-one years of mobi-lizing faith communities to engage in civic mat-ters, strengthening ties within different reli-gious denominations, and emphasizing the im-portance of welcoming refugees to our nation. Through her accomplishments, she has ex-celled in bringing to life MCC’s mission to manifest unity in the church and to build the common good in the world. I commend Rev. Peg Chemberlin, and all she has done for the state of Minnesota. I want to thank her for her dedication and serv-ice in creating interfaith connections and a safe atmosphere for people of all faith commu-nities. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oaths of citizenship on Friday, May 12, 2017. This memorable occasion, presided over by Magistrate Judge Andrew P. Rodovich, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Ham-mond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On May 12, 2017, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, In-diana: Xuezhe Wang, Jyoti Awasthi, Jovan Bujaroski, Karen Jazmin Flores Martinez, Amane Seid Djoubar, Rosa Brisco, Hilda Alva-rez, Mario Alqraini, Emmanuel Chigozie Chijioke, Ayodeji Ekundayo, Thiola Makhiwa Moyo, Andy Dai Nguyen, Gerson David Plaza, Julio Rolando Plaza Jr., John Michael Prejmak, Bianca Yasmin Rafidia Vargas, Omar Awad Sobih, Alma Valencia, Jafar Ziad Thawabi, Klimentina Suleska, Maria Patricia Quezada, Josselyn Russell, Cece Mumbi Maina, Esther Galvez, Nguyet Phan, Milton Alexi Guerrero, Lowel Alabastro Recososa, Carl Recososa, Manuel Miranda, and Manuel Pena. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on May 12, 2017. They, too, are American citi-zens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
IN MEMORIAM PETE GARCIA 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a community leader, a U.S. Army veteran, a native Arizonan and a tireless advo-cate for economic, racial and social justice. Pete Garcia is truly an Arizona legend and his contributions to our community will live on for generations to come. Pete volunteered for the U.S. Army in 1962 and served in Germany. After his honorable discharge, he worked for the U.S. Postal Serv-ice while putting himself through Phoenix Col-lege. Pete worked for many non-profit organiza-tions in Phoenix including Phoenix Job Corps, Valle del Sol, and perhaps most notably, Chi-canos Por La Causa (CPLC). Under his lead-ership at CPLC, the organization’s operating budget grew from $3 million to over $60 mil-lion. In 2008 it was named the second largest Hispanic non-profit in the United States by Hispanic Business Magazine. During his ten-ure as President and CEO of the organization he received numerous awards and recogni-tion, including being invited to participate in the Ditchley Foundation Conference in the United Kingdom three times. He was selected as a Johnson Fellow, named an AARP Inspire award recipient, received the Cesar E. Chavez Leadership Institute legacy award, Pioneer in Excellence by Local Initiatives Support Cor-poration (LISC) and ‘‘One of the Valley’s Most Influential People’’ by the Phoenix Business Journal, among many others. Pete was a dedicated husband to Sarah and a devoted father to Daniel, Hilario, and Illana. He was also a grandfather to Brenna, Morgan, Pete, Leila and Alya. In his spare time he enjoyed coaching his children’s Little League teams, playing basketball, and playing with his own kids as well as other neighbor-hood children. After his tenure at CPLC ended, Pete went on to be a successful philanthropist in his ‘‘re-tirement.’’ He started a whole new foundation focused on educational opportunities for un-derserved students, which he named the Vic-toria Foundation in honor of his own mother. From 2008–2017 Peter raised more than $4 million to enable students to attend ASU, UA, NAU GCU, Maricopa County Community Col-leges and several out of state schools. The foundation offered scholarships to 80 commu-nity college students, 60 university students, and 4 medical school students. Pete also raised money through the Victoria Foundation to provide 300 bikes for inner city youths, stockings to the elderly at Christmas, and to provide turkey dinners to veterans on Thanks-giving. Pete leaves behind a legacy of generosity, advocacy, and hard work. Arizona is grateful for his contributions to our community, May his memory be a blessing to his friends and fam-ily. f 
RECOGNIZING AMINAH AL-JABER 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Aminah Al-Jaber for her hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as an intern in my Washington, D.C. office for the Spring of 2017. The work of this young woman has been exemplary, and I know she has a bright future. She served as a tour guide, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity, and look forward to seeing her build her ca-reer in public service. Aminah plans to continue pursuing her de-gree at the end of this internship. I wish her the best as she pursues her career path. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Aminah Al-Jaber for her service the last several months to the people of Colorado’s 4th district. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PICNIC CAFE´AND DESSERTERY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the success of a small business in Dahlonega, Georgia in honor of Small Business Week. The Picnic Cafe ´and Dessertery, owned and operated by Sam and Julia Norton, has been serving Dahlonega residents and tourists coffee, sweets, and lunchtime favorites since 2001. The Picnic Cafe´and Dessertery, often times simply called ‘‘Picnic’’ by its regulars, has won multiple awards for its food and desserts. Its place on the Dahlonega town square brings a warm and welcome presence to the center of one of the South’s best small towns, as hailed by Southern Living magazine. From college students to cadets to tourists bound for the Appalachians, the Picnic Cafe´offers guests a chance to rest and be refreshed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16MY8.004 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE641 May 16, 2017 
Mr. and Mrs. Norton have called Dahlonega home for years, and their love for the town is evident in the passion with which they run their business. The Picnic Cafe´has employed dozens of college students and Dahlonega residents, providing the Lumpkin County com-munity with jobs and students with work expe-rience. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the Nortons’ commitment to their small business, and, in the spirit of Small Business Week, thank them for their dedication to serving the people of Dahlonega. I am looking forward to my next visit to the Picnic Cafe´to see what’s new on the menu, and wish the Norton family continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAMES HICKS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize a man who has dedicated his life to protecting and educating the public. James Hicks will be retiring this May from the Pana Fire Department after 45 years of service. During his career with the fire department, James pioneered an Explorer Post, which he led for 34 years. This program allows youth and young adults become involved with and learn more about firefighting and fire re-sponder careers. Under James’ leadership, many of the explorers were inspired to protect their communities and become firefighters. Hicks has also worked to keep the area schools informed on fire prevention techniques and spent many hours volunteering with the Pana Ambulance Service as an Emergency Medical Technician. I am honored to recognize Mr. Hicks and wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SIMON EAGLIN FOR HIS LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO THE YPSILANTI COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Simon Eaglin, a prominent commu-nity leader who served Ypsilanti throughout his life. Mr. Eaglin served as Postmaster General for the Ypsilanti area for over two decades and provided impactful leadership to many local organizations and causes. Born in 1917, Mr. Eaglin moved to Ypsilanti during the Second World War to work at the Willow Run Bomber Plant and aid the United States’ war effort. After the end of the war, Mr. Eaglin became a radiation control technician at the University of Michigan medical center while working to complete his college degree at Eastern Michigan University. He was then named as the Ypsilanti Post Office’s Post-master in 1964, a position he served until his retirement in 1988. Mr. Eaglin was known for his efficient leadership in ensuring prompt de-livery of mail and packages in the Ypsilanti area. He was also heavily involved in the Yp-silanti community, serving as a member of the local Kiwanis Club and spearheading several of the organization’s outreach efforts and re-maining involved with its committees. As the first African-American Postmaster in Ypsilanti, Mr. Eaglin dedicated his life and ca-reer effectively served the public while helping to break down barriers. In addition to his pio-neering career as Ypsilanti’s postmaster, Mr. Eaglin was well-known as a kind, caring indi-vidual whose service to the Ypsilanti commu-nity was instrumental to making the city a great place to live and work. In addition to his career as Ypsilanti’s Postmaster, Mr. Eaglin volunteered for years with St. John’s Catholic Church, the Housing Bureau of Seniors and several local hospitals. His legacy of public service, as well as his upbeat and friendly atti-tude, made him a beloved figure in the com-munity, and he will be missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Simon Eaglin, Ypsilanti’s former Postmaster and community leader. Mr. Eaglin went above and beyond to serve the city and its residents during his life. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. DAVID D
ICHIERA 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. David DiChiera, who is retiring from the Michigan Opera Theatre. While he began his distinguished and impassioned ca-reer in California, he became known in Michi-gan and beyond as Mr. Opera. He is retiring from the Michigan Opera Theatre, which he founded in 1971 and which he served as Gen-eral Director and Artistic Director. After com-pleting his undergraduate studies in musical composition at UCLA, David DiChiera contin-ued his scholarship in Italy on a Fulbright scholarship, and returned to UCLA to join the faculty and to complete his PhD in musi-cology. In 1962, Dr. DiChiera was recruited to join the faculty at Oakland University as a pro-fessor. He later became chairman of music at the university. While at Oakland University, Dr. DiChiera created ‘‘Overture to Opera,’’ a program fea-turing local opera singers which brought opera to communities throughout Michigan, and which planted the seeds for the creation of Michigan Opera Theatre. As Dr. DiChiera ex-plained in an interview, ‘‘I would cast the won-derful local singers who otherwise had limited opportunities . . . we started taking this pro-gram to community centers—every year, I took it to The War Memorial and area schools. This was all throughout the 1960s. Then, in 1970, I thought it was time to do a full-length opera, and to create the beginnings of an opera company.’’ It is important to keep in mind the backdrop for Dr. DiChiera’s efforts to create an opera company in Detroit. By 1971, when Michigan Opera Theatre was established, the city itself was experiencing a major loss of population and many people were skeptical that this en-deavor could succeed. But Michigan Opera Theatre not only succeeded, it thrived—first at the Music Hall in downtown Detroit which was restored with the support of the Kresge Foun-dation and Detroit Renaissance, and later at the Detroit Opera House, which was formally opened on April 21, 1996 with a performance by the great tenor Luciano Pavarotti. Dr. DiChiera’s impact extends beyond his building of this important institution. He has been a vital center of gravity for arts and cul-ture in and around the City of Detroit. He has been committed to nurturing and showcasing the broad diversity of talent in opera, some-thing which he viewed from the inception of Michigan Opera Theatre as central to its mis-sion. ‘‘Building bridges into the community was a primary mission,’’ he said in the Theatre’s blog, ‘‘making sure that the African American community, the majority of Detroit’s popu-lation, was represented on the stage.’’ In addi-tion to producing works which reflect the Afri-can American experience such as Porgy and Bess and Tremonisha, the Michigan Opera Theatre commissioned and produced the world premiere of Margaret Garner, based on the novel Beloved written by Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison. Ms. Morrison wrote the libretto for Margaret Garner, and the production starred famed mezzo-soprano Denyce Graves. Dr. DiChiera has ensured that Michigan Opera Theatre has performed works reflecting the rich cultural fabric of Metro Detroit, including the Armenian opera Anoush, King Roger and The Haunted Castle, which celebrate the re-gion’s Polish community, an opera based on the life of the Mexican artist Frida Kahlo, and The Passenger, an opera about the Holo-caust. In addition to founding, building, and leading Michigan Opera Theatre, Dr. DiChiera is a noted composer as well. In further tribute to him, the Michigan Opera Theatre is featuring this month Dr. DiChiera’s full-length opera, Cy-rano, based on Edmond Rostand’s timeless play, Cyrano de Bergerac. Mr. Speaker, like innumerable opera aficionados, I know that David DiChiera has brought boundless joy to experienced opera lovers while helping to create countless new ones. Along the way, he has nurtured young artists and has ensured that the Michigan Opera Theatre reflects the diversity of the community it serves. Dr. DiChiera built an en-during institution in Michigan Opera Theatre, and in so doing, he has established himself as one of Metro Detroit’s true treasures. I encour-age my colleagues to join me in congratulating and thanking much beloved Dr. David DiChiera for the immeasurable contribution he has made to the arts in Metro Detroit and far beyond. 
f 
HONORING THE 52ND ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Head Start organiza-tion on its 52nd Anniversary. Since its establishment, Head Start has been working to serve the country’s most vul-nerable families. In addition to working with or-ganizations that provide learning, nutrition and general health assistance for children, Head Start has also helped to provide training, job 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.015 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE642 May 16, 2017 
development, and volunteer opportunities for low-income parents. These efforts are critical for establishing an environment in which every American is equipped to reach their full poten-tial. In my district, the Lewis County Head Start Center has strengthened our community by working with over 180 families to provide learning opportunities for children and parents alike. Focusing on early childhood develop-ment programs, these centers partner with families to ensure that every child is prepared to take full advantage of their education. I would like to thank Head Start for 52 years of commitment to children and families across the country. In New York’s 21st District, we are grateful for their work to make sure every child has the opportunity to succeed. I wish Head Start a prosperous future and I am con-fident that it will continue making a positive im-pact on the lives of many Americans. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEPHEN FRIEDMAN 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Stephen Friedman, who is retiring after a decade as President of Pace University with campuses in New York City and Pleasantville, New York. Mr. Friedman has dedicated more than 13 years of service to Pace University, where he first served as dean of Pace University School of Law for three years before being named president in 2007. Under his leadership, Pace has significantly increased its enrollment num-bers while maintaining its commitment to pro-viding education access and opportunities to students from all backgrounds. During his ten-ure, President Friedman has revitalized the Pleasantville campus in my district and led ef-forts to expand the university’s academic pro-gram offerings, including study abroad and other international opportunities for students. Pace’s international enrollment is at its highest level in 15 years, with students coming from more than 100 countries. Another initiative which he spearheaded to advance the univer-sity’s motto of ‘‘Opportunitas,’’ has been the development of iPace, an online degree com-pletion program for adult learners. Before joining the Pace community, Mr. Friedman served as Commissioner of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Capital Markets Policy at the United States Treasury Department, and a law clerk for U.S. Supreme Court Jus-tice William J. Brennan, Jr. He has also lent his leadership to organizations such as the American Ballet Theatre, the National Museum of the American Indian in New York, and the Coalition of Urban and Metropolitan Univer-sities. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Friedman’s numerous ac-complishments have left a lasting impact on the communities he has served. I urge my col-leagues to join me in applauding his years of leadership and service. HONORING GLENN R. LITTLE ON THE AWARD OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL (POST-HUMOUS) HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my heartfelt thanks and gratitude to the late Glenn R. Little, formerly of Hanover and Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, on the posthumous award of the Congressional Gold Medal for his service to the United States in the Civil Air Patrol dur-ing World War II. Second Lieutenant Little was one of 120,000 men and women who joined the Civil Air Patrol during World War II. They helped to protect our Nation by warding off German U- boat attacks on American oil tankers bound for Allied nations. They also took to the skies to patrol America’s borders, conduct search and rescue missions, and provide disaster relief. These brave and heroic citizen volunteers helped to preserve our Nation’s freedom. The Congressional Gold Medal is the high-est civilian honor bestowed by the United States Congress, and legislation was signed into law in May 2014 that honored members of the Civil Air Patrol. Lt. Little’s career and ac-complishments during the War recently were celebrated at the Pennsylvania State Capitol in Harrisburg. His granddaughter, Mrs. Bar-bara Heffner of Gettysburg, accepted the award on his behalf. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I thank and commend Glenn R. Little for his bravery and selfless service to the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. JAN POHLMAN ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my dear friend, Jan Pohlman, who is retiring this month after teaching in the Physical Education Department of Calhoun High School for the past 34 years. Throughout her distinguished career, Jan has served as a strong role model in our com-munity both inside and outside the classroom. During her time at Illinois College, where I had the pleasure of having her as a teammate and a Floor Monitor, Jan’s leadership and passion allowed her to build a notable sports career for which she was inducted into the Illinois Col-lege Sports Hall of Fame. She was one of the first stars of the Illinois College women’s track and field team where she served as senior captain, and set school records for the 400 meter run, the discus and the javelin, which earned her the status of NCAA Division III Illi-nois State Champion in 1981. Jan’s love of sports naturally led to her teaching career at Calhoun High School where she has enriched the lives of her students by instilling values of teamwork and perseverance for more than three decades. Jan’s compassion and service to our com-munity goes beyond the classroom. She al-ways goes above and beyond to help others— evident in the integral role she plays in the an-nual James R. Pohlman Memorial Golf Outing, which raises money for Parkinson’s disease research. Jan has been a truly influential individual in the lives of so many people, and I am honored to be able to call her a friend. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again congratulate Jan on her well-deserved retirement and thank her for all of her contributions and service to our commu-nity. f 
GERMANTOWN FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 125th Anniversary of the Germantown Fire Department. The Germantown Fire Department was chartered on May 2, 1892. The first com-plement of members included 18 volunteer firefighters, and the first apparatus was a hand operated pump—which had to be loaded onto a horse-drawn wagon, so the first roster of members included one horse. The first motor-ized apparatus was a 1919 Ford Model-T truck, which is now a part of the collection of the Hall of Flame Museum in Phoenix, Ari-zona. In its first days the department depended entirely on donations. The first apparatus and equipment were all donated and through the years the members held all sorts of fund-raisers. In the 1930s and 1940s weekly ‘‘plat-form dances’’ were held to raise funds. This allowed the department to purchase a 1941 pumper truck, which was in use until 1988. The antique truck was sold, but later repur-chased by department members. In the early 1950s members raised funds to help build a new fire station, purchase a 1953- model pumper truck, and purchase the first fire department radio system in the county. In those days a normal year would include ten calls, and during one period the department went 18 months without a call. In 1952 the Germantown Rural Fire Protection District, a taxing district, was formed to provide a stable funding source for the department; however, donations remain a significant part of depart-ment finances. In 1986, the Department began providing First Responder emergency medical services to the community. The Department also imple-mented the first fire department-based Auto-mated External Defibrillator (AED) program in the region. And in 1989 the Department pur-chased, with donated funds, then only the sec-ond rescue tool ‘‘Jaws of Life’’ system in the county. In 2002, the Department formed an Explorer post to expose youth ages 14 through 21 to the fire and rescue service. Today, 11 former Explorers are members of the department. Currently, the Germantown Fire Department has 35 members and responds to an average of 110 calls per year. Current vehicles include two pumpers, one pumper-tanker, one brush truck, one rescue vehicle, and one support SUV. The Germantown Fire Department has planned a grand celebration in recognition of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.019 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE643 May 16, 2017 
its anniversary. This celebration will begin on June 10th and last into the night. The celebra-tion will include great food and an assortment of fun and educational activities. I stand today to salute the Germantown Fire Department on its 125th Anniversary and to wish it the very best in the future. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL ROSEN 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Michael Rosen who was an eco-nomics professor at Milwaukee Area Technical College (MATC) for 29 years. He is president of MATC’s faculty and staff union, American Federation of Teachers (AFT) Local 212 and is the longest-serving President in Local 212’s proud history. He is retiring on May 31, 2017. Dr. Rosen received his BA from the Univer-sity of Wisconsin-Madison, the school which both his parents attended. He received both his Masters and Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. He has fought for public education at all levels from K–12 through high-er education. Dr. Rosen is a prominent critic of for-profit colleges and helped draft Milwau-kee’s groundbreaking legislation that denies for-profit colleges city subsidies. Dr. Rosen has authored a number of studies on the labor market, trade, taxation and economic issues and is a nationally recognized expert on the automobile industry. Dr. Rosen brought an un-precedented level of activism and awareness to AFT, Local 212 in order to insure excellent representation and contracts for their mem-bers. However, he also led Local 212 with compassion and a cooperative spirit, during the Great Recession the union gave back a previously-negotiated raise to allow MATC to serve more students, calling it a ‘‘$5 million in-vestment in our students.’’ He has served on numerous boards, com-missions, and councils over the years includ-ing: AFT–Wisconsin Executive Board, the President’s Cabinet for the MATC Promise, the C4 board of Voces de la Frontera which is Wisconsin’s largest immigrant workers’ rights organization, Wisconsin Technical Col-lege System Board, the Wisconsin Regional Training Partnership Board, the Wisconsin Manufacturing Extension Partnership, the Mayor’s Task Force on Tax Incremental Fi-nancing Districts and Milwaukee’s African American Employment Task force. Dr. Rosen has been a frequent commentator on Mil-waukee and Wisconsin Public Radio and Mil-waukee Public Television on economic issues and international trade and was a frequent contributor to Milwaukee Public Television’s Fourth Street Forum and the Milwaukee Jour-nal Sentinel. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with Michael for over 30 years. Michael has provided invaluable counsel and support over the years to me, other elected of-ficials and community leaders. I have truly ap-preciated his candor and clear moral com-pass; he has truly stood for justice for all. I am so sorry I am unable to join him, his family, friends and colleagues at his retirement dinner celebration on May 25, 2017. However, I wish him much success as he transitions into a dif-ferent phase of his life with more time to spend with his wife Glorie and children Corrine, Jesse, and Gina, stepson Miguel, stepdaughter-in-Iaw Kelley and foster daughter Lila. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Michael and I am proud to call him friend. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of his ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Michael Rosen. f 
HONORING JOAN WEICHMANN AS SHE IS RECOGNIZED BY THE AM-HERST WOMEN’S INTERCLUB COUNCIL 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I recognize the accom-plishments of Joan Weichmann for her tireless work in the community as she is honored by the Amherst Women’s Interclub Council during their annual Kentucky Derby Luncheon. Her lifetime of community service is commendable and worthy of praise. Mrs. Weichmann was born in Marilla, New York on a dairy farm where she and her family produced maple syrup. She later graduated from East Aurora High School, and Bryant and Stratton College where she majored in Ac-counting. Throughout her life, Mrs. Weichmann has served in many positions, such as her leader-ship as the former President of both the Am-herst Dance Club and the Victorian Dance Company. Additionally, she formerly served as Vice President of both the German-American Society and the Club Lorelei German Club. Mrs. Weichmann continues to dedicate her time to these organizations as a board mem-ber. Currently, Mrs. Weichmann is President of the Buffalo Federation of Women’s Club, a member of the Bell Ski Club Board, the Leder-hosen Ski Club, Second Vice President of Shea’s Spotlight, Friends of Amherst Sym-phony and longtime member of the American Wine Society—Chaine des Rotisseurs. Mrs. Weichmann’s many hobbies include skiing, swimming, dancing, golfing, hiking, and learn-ing. Mrs. Weichmann resides in the Village of Williamsville with her husband Ron and their three dogs, two Afghans and one Greyhound. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rec-ognize Joan Weichmann for her tireless, vital and wide-reaching work in our community. I wish her the best in all her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAN RICHARDS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Stan Rich-ards, the Richards Group’s founder, principal and creative director as he was inducted into the American Advertising Federation’s (AAF’s) 68th annual Advertising Hall of Fame class on April 25, 2017 in New York. We, in Dallas Texas, call Stan Richards the ‘‘Father of Texas Design, Dallas adman and icon maker.’’ Stan founded The Richards Group as a freelance practice after graduating from Pratt Institute in New York. The Richards Group, lo-cated in Dallas, is the largest independent brand-building shop in the nation. Clients in-clude the brands of Cardinal Health, Dr. Pep-per Snapple Group, GameStop, The Home Depot, Motel 6, Orkin, Ram Trucks, The Sal-vation Army, Sub-Zero, Wolf and many others. In 1976, the Richards Group became a full- service advertising agency. Stan’s work has received awards in virtually every major com-petition in the world. In 1976, Stan was cho-sen by the Dallas Society of Visual Commu-nications as ‘‘the single individual who, over his career, has made the most significant con-tribution to the advancement of creative stand-ards in the Southwestern United States.’’ In 1981, 1983, and 1984, Stan was named by Adweek to the Southwest Creative All-Stars Hall of Fame. In 1985, Stan was honored by Pratt Institute as a Distinguished Alumnus. In 1986, he was honored with an Advertising Age cover story. Also in 1986, Adweek named him Executive of the Year, and he was included in The Wall Street Journal’s ‘‘Giants of Our Time.’’ In 1988, the firm was named Agency of the Year by Adweek. Again in 1990 and 1994. And once more in 2002. In 1995, Stan was named an Entrepreneur of the Year by Inc. magazine. In 1996, Stan received the ALGA Gold Medal, the award for career achievement in design. In 1997, Graphis magazine named The Richards Group one of the ten best agen-cies in the world, and the American Associa-tion of Advertising Agencies honored the firm with its A+ Award, given annually to America’s best agency. In 2007, Graphic Design USA named the firm one of America’s six most in-fluential agencies. The University of Texas named him the 1996 recipient of its Reddick Award for leader-ship in communication. Previous honorees in-clude Walter Cronkite, Ted Turner, and Bill Moyers. More recently, Southern Methodist University announced the Stan Richards Cre-ative Chair. Also in 1996, Stan received the ALGA Gold Medal, the award for career achievement in design. In 1997, Graphis mag-azine named The Richards Group one of the ten best agencies in the world, and the Amer-ican Association of Advertising Agencies hon-ored the firm with its A+ Award, given annually to America’s best agency. In 1999, Stan re-ceived the highest honor available to a cre-ative with his election to the Art Directors Hall of Fame, joining such luminaries as Walt Dis-ney, Norman Rockwell, and Andy Warhol. In 2007, Graphic Design USA named the firm one of America’s six most influential agencies. Stan serves, or has served, on many boards: The Salvation Army, Episcopal School of Dallas, YMCA, Cooper Aerobics Enter-prises, Dallas Symphony Association, United Way, the Creative Committee of the AAAA, Pratt Institute Board of Trustees, and the Mayo Clinic Center for Innovation. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Stan Richards for his service in the community and his extraordinary career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.023 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE644 May 16, 2017 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN ED YOUNG 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on May 12, 2017, South Carolina honored distinguished Southern Gentleman and former Congressman Ed Young of Florence. He was a World War II hero, a dedicated family man, a committed Christian, a farmer, a real estate developer creating jobs, and a pioneer public servant who helped develop the two-party sys-tem in South Carolina. The following thoughtful obituary was pub-lished May 11, 2017, in the Florence Morning News: 
A hero was lost to the Florence commu-nity, the greater Pee Dee area, the state of South Carolina, and our nation when Edward Lunn Young died on May 9, 2017 at the age of 96. Surrounded by his loving family, he passed away in the home where he was born in 1920. Ed grew up on his family’s farm in the Ebe-nezer community and attended Florence High School. He enrolled in the Corps of Ca-dets at Clemson University, where he ma-jored in dairying and played Reveille on the bugle each morning and Taps each night. He graduated in 1941 and, like many young men of his generation, went off to war. Ed joined the Army Air Corps and flew P–38 fighter missions in the South Pacific. After comple-tion of his required missions, Ed requested to remain in the theater, flying a total of 195 combat missions. For his valor, Major Young was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal with nine Oak Leaf Clus-ters. After the war, Ed returned to Ebenezer and the home where he grew up, following in his father’s footsteps raising dairy cattle, and growing cotton, corn, soybeans, and tobacco. Although farming was a life calling for Ed, it was not his only calling. He became involved in state politics, serving in the South Caro-lina Legislature from 1957–1960. His service at the state level was followed by a term as his district’s first Republican to the US Con-gress in 1973. Mr. Young’s devotion to service was hardly limited to politics. Among his many activi-ties, he served frequently throughout his life as a Member or Chairman of the Board of Deacons of Ebenezer Baptist Church, Presi-dent of Coble Dairy, President of the Flor-ence County Farm Bureau, President of South Carolina Association of Young Farm-ers, Member of the South Carolina State De-velopment Board and Chairman of the Great-er Florence Chamber of Commerce, among many others. Ed was selected Outstanding Young Farm-er of the Year by South Carolina Association of Young Farmers and awarded Outstanding Man of the Year in Agriculture by Progres-sive Farmer magazine; he also received the Distinguished Service Award from Clemson University and the Distinguished Agricul-tural Award, presented by the South Caro-lina Cooperative Council. Ed is perhaps best known in the Pee Dee area for his tenure as the host of the South-east Almanac television show in the 1960s. He is also well known in the community for participating weekly for over 50 years on the live Sunday morning radio program, Radio Sunday School. Another weekly occurrence was his attendance at The Rotary Club of Florence, where he led the singing and even-tually became a life member. In 1996, he was honored with the Rotarian President’s Award for Distinguished Service. In the business world, Ed was instrumental in several real estate developments including Oakdale Country Club, Forest Lake, as well as hotels in Florence and Surfside Beach. He combined his love of real estate projects and love of community by donating land for the Florence Civic Center and Veterans Military Park in Florence. More than any of these interests, Ed’s strongest and highest devotion was to Ebe-nezer Baptist Church. He and his wife, ‘‘Hatsy,’’ taught Sunday School for over 50 years, and both were devoted members of the church choir. While Ed Young has been a hero to his community and nation, he was more than any of these, a hero to his loving family. Ed is survived by his wife and ‘‘bride’’ of 71 years Harriet (‘‘Hatsy’’) Yeargin Young, and his four daughters and sons-in-law: Dr. Clau-dia Venable & Dr. Greg Brigman of Atlanta, GA, Dr. John & Harriet Charles of Myrtle Beach, SC, Dr. Farrell & Virginia Gean of Simi Valley, CA, and Rev. Jay & Rebecca Madden of Atlanta, GA. Ed leaves behind seven adoring grandchildren: Julia Charles, Lillian Charles, Luke Venable, Austin Charles, Sarah Venable, Neale Madden, and William Madden. Ed’s family attributes his success and long life to a grapefruit every morning, a nap every afternoon, and his never-failing optimistic spirit. He never met a stranger and everywhere he went, he would ask each person his or her name. Ms charm, handshake and the twinkle in his eye made everyone he met feel special. He is predeceased by his three brothers: William (Bill) Young, James (Jay) Young, and John Young and his grandson, Henry Brockington (Brock) Madden. The family extends their deepest gratitude to Dr. Steven Ross, not only for his excellent medical care, but also for his personal devo-tion and his wisdom over the past several years. Gratitude is also extended to the team that provided continuous care at his home and to McLeod Hospice for their superb car-ing attendance and reassurance during these final months. The family extends heartfelt love and admiration to Ed’s dearest friend and coworker, Mr. Nathan Faison, for his lifelong friendship and support. They also thank the many along the way who have prayed and extended sweet thoughtfulness to the family. In lieu of food and flowers, contributions may be sent to the Ebenezer Baptist Church Building Fund, 524 S. Ebenezer Rd., Florence, SC 29501. The funeral service will be held at Ebe-nezer Baptist Church, 524 S. Ebenezer Rd. in Florence on May 12, 2017 at 2:00 pm, with bur-ial following in the church cemetery with full military honors. The Youngs will receive visitors after the funeral at their home until 5:30 pm. Waters-Powell Funeral Home is entrusted with arrangements. f 
THE AMERICAN WRITERS MU-SEUM—CELEBRATING THE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF LITERATURE TO OUR NATION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, today is the official opening of the American Writers Museum, a unique center that celebrates the many contributions that writers have made to our history, our culture, our understanding and our enjoyment. The American Writers Museum does not just document the wonderful record of literature in America, it will inspire this and future generations to read and to write, ensur-ing that our rich national tradition will continue. The museum is the brainchild of Malcolm O’Hagan, a retired Irish manufacturing execu-tive, who eight years ago decided that Amer-ican writers deserved recognition. He knew that there was no museum to highlight our American literary legacy and, rather than just ask why not, he acted. As a result, beginning today, we will for the first time have a museum dedicated to showing the importance of sto-ries, language and literature. I am very proud that the decision was made to house this unique national museum in Chi-cago, recognizing the many wonderful writers based in the city and the importance of the Midwest in our nation’s cultural history. The American Writers Museum is a wonderful ad-dition to our city. As Mayor Rahm Emanuel has said, the ‘‘museum will complement the rich offerings of the city’s theaters, museum, li-brary and musical activities and add signifi-cantly to Chicago’s vitality.’’ I am reminded today of my predecessor, Representative Sid-ney Yates, a legendary champion of the arts. I know that he would be very happy to cele-brate the opening of the American Writers Mu-seum in Chicago and to recognize the impor-tance of literature in our lives and in our na-tional community. I want to thank Mr. O’Hagan for his suc-cessful efforts and the board, designers, con-tributors and many volunteers who brought this Museum into being. I hope that people from around the country will come to Chicago to visit the American Writers Museum to learn, reflect, enjoy and be inspired to unleash their own creativity. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GRAND OPENING OF EXPERIMAC 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the grand opening of Experimac in Manassas, Virginia, a retail and tech service store specializing in preowned Apple com-puters and devices. In addition to preowned product sales, Experimac also offers a variety of services, including screen repairs, diagnostics and troubleshooting, software in-stallation, and more. With its prime location on Sudley Road in Manassas, I look forward to the valuable services Experimac will afford many members of the Manassas community. My constituents, Ron Mosley and his wife, Benita Fitzgerald Mosley, are the proprietors of this Experimac location, and given their il-lustrious careers and backgrounds, I am con-fident the store will be a tremendous success. Benita, currently the CEO of Laureus Sport For Good Foundation, was born and raised in Manassas and Woodbridge, Virginia and is an Olympic Gold Medalist, and Ron studied elec-trical engineering at Brown University and has worked as a sales and marketing executive for over 15 years. In 2016, the two decided to re-turn to Virginia to start a business that would support their community through both job cre-ation and service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.026 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE645 May 16, 2017 
While Experimac itself operates under the United Franchise Group umbrella and has more than 170 locations across the country, the broader company’s success speaks to the need for local technology experts in today’s competitive secondhand tech market. I am grateful for the resources the Manassas loca-tion will provide everyday customers, schools, and businesses. In today’s competitive economy, businesses like Experimac not only assist people with the services they offer, but they also foster strong local and secondhand economies. Mr. Speak-er, I ask that my colleagues join me in ap-plauding the Grand Opening of Experimac. I am very thankful for the broad range of oppor-tunities it will afford my constituents of Vir-ginia’s 10th District, and I look forward to the positive impact it will have on individuals, schools, businesses, and our commonwealth as a whole. 
f 
H.R. 244, THE FY2017 CONSOLI-DATED APPROPRIATIONS ACT 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I did not ultimately support this legislation, how-ever, there is much contained within the bill’s almost 1700 pages of statutory text in addition to the explanatory statement that will advance the safety, security and economy of our great nation. The bill includes $551.1 billion in base de-fense discretionary funding and $76.99 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO)/ Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) defense funding. The total FY2017 defense funding is $598.5 billion, $25.7 billion over FY16 levels, and includes $21 billion in new funding re-quested by the Administration. These funds provide for our national defense, pay our troops, and provide the resources and equip-ment our military needs to restore readiness, and protect our national security. I support these amounts to ensure American troops have what they need as we continue to en-gage threats to our national and homeland se-curity around the world. Mr. Speaker, this bill also takes the first of many steps toward addi-tional border security improvements by pro-viding $1.5 billion for critical funding for infra-structure, innovative technology, and agents at the border. Other key provisions that I support include putting appropriate parameters in place for the Environmental Protection Agency; and pro-viding $50 million in additional current-year funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve opioid and substance abuse pre-vention and treatment for veterans. Mr. Speaker, the bill also and importantly provides $57.7 billion for our nation’s infra-structure, provides funding consistent with au-thorized levels in the FAST Act, which I was involved in crafting, and $948 million in addi-tional disaster relief for the Emergency Relief Program and Community Development Block Grant disaster recovery assistance. Impor-tantly, the bill includes $15 million that I re-quested for the state and local law enforce-ment agencies through the Bureau of Justice Assistance. These agencies experienced so many challenges over the last several months. These challenges include a police-involved shooting on July 5, 2016 and subsequent vio-lent protests, the ambush and murder of Baton Rouge City Police and East Baton Rouge Par-ish Sheriff Deputies on July 17, 2016 and a 1000-year flood event in mid-August of the same year. Five of our officers were shot in the ambush and the flood resulted in the loss of an estimated 100 police vehicles, critical law enforcement equipment, weapons and personal and family losses for many of our peacekeepers. Mr. Speaker, ultimately I could not vote for this bill despite the numerous provisions I sup-port because appropriating over a trillion dol-lars in thousands of pages of new text over a few days does not afford the degree of trans-parency and consideration that I believe we should have. Further, the bill represents a lost opportunity to deliver on the commitment to-wards the recovery needs of tens of thou-sands of flood victims in my district and state of Louisiana. As I mentioned, there are provi-sions that can help, like providing some assist-ance through Community Development Block Grants—of which Louisiana victims will receive a small. Yet this funding varies wildly from the assessed needs of both HUD and the state. This is wholly inadequate given the scale of the flood event that struck Louisiana last Au-gust. That is why I offered four amendments to the bill that would have increased the total amount of Community Development Block Grants available to disaster impacted areas by $750 million, made $100 million available for Army Corps projects like the Comite River Di-version Canal to reduce the risk of future flood events, and provide much needed relief for our local school districts as they seek to re-build and reopen 8 months after the flood. These amendments were not ultimately adopt-ed, but I will continue to fight and advocate for these priorities and more as we work on a FY2018 funding bill. Mr. Speaker, I feel strongly about the fed-eral government’s need to balance the budget, eliminate deficits and pay on the national debt. There is this misconception that under-funding CDBG–DR recovery assistance saves money. The reality is that we requested a fraction of the per capita assistance afforded to the vic-tims of Hurricane Sandy and this calculation excludes the tens of billions of recovery fund-ing provided in other federal programs. We have no desire to be greedy, but Americans need to know that when a catastrophic event occurs their government will be there—that we have their back. We have already seen many leave our community, bankruptcies, homes foreclosed, flood victims selling their homes for a fraction of the pre-flood value and many still living in tents, travel trailers, gutted homes and other inappropriate conditions. Rather than tailoring an appropriate response for this extraordinary flood, our own government’s bu-reaucracy at the state and federal level are contributing to the pain rather than easing it. We can and should do better. CONGRATULATING TAIWAN PRESI-DENT TSAI ING-WEN AND HEAD-WAY IN THE ARENA OF WOMEN’S EMPOWERMENT HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, since President Tsai Ing-wen as-sumed office last May, Taiwan has taken steps to bolster women’s empowerment at home and abroad. In November 2016, Taiwan and the U.S. announced their intention to joint-ly support the establishment of a subfund on women and the economy under the Asia-Pa-cific Economic Cooperation (APEC). This joint initiative will allow the 21 members of APEC to apply for funding for new or exist-ing programs with the aim of improving wom-en’s economic empowerment. The subfund, created through a mutually trusting relation-ship between Washington and Taipei, high-lights Taiwan’s meaningful participation in the international community. In particular, the subfund will promote women’s empowerment in the areas of capital and market access, skills and capacity building, women’s leader-ship and agency, and innovation and tech-nology. Women’s empowerment is a key area of collaboration under the Global Cooperation and Training Framework (GCTF) established by the U.S. and Taiwan that President Tsai’s administration has been focusing on. Taiwan continues to make significant head-way in the arena of women’s empowerment. I congratulate President Tsai on her first anni-versary as the President of Taiwan, and I look forward to an even closer U.S.-Taiwan co-operation under her leadership in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING SCOUTMASTER JIM RICARD 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on May 15, 2017, a Celebration of the Resurrected Life of Jim Ricard took place at Faith Lutheran Church of West Columbia, South Carolina. Services were lovingly con-ducted by Pastor M. David Kiel who eulogized that Jim ‘‘made a difference in our part of the world.’’ The Wilson family especially appre-ciates Jim’s service as Scoutmaster of Troop 1, where our four sons achieved the rank of Eagle Scouts. The following thoughtful obituary was in-cluded in the church bulletin: 
Haskel James ‘‘Jim’’ Ricard Jr., a baptized Christian and lifelong member of Faith Lu-theran Church, entered into God’s loving em-brace on May 12, 2017. He was born January 4, 1942 in Springdale, South Carolina. He was the oldest son of Hack and Melva Ricard. Jim is survived by his wife of 52 years, JoAnn S. Ricard, and three children, Jamey Ricard (Jeanne), Juston Ricard (Tammy), and Joni Coleman (Brad). His grandchildren are Tanner, Jacob, Sydney, Josie, Jayne, and sister-in-law, Cindy. He was predeceased by his brother, Bobby Ricard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.028 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE646 May 16, 2017 
After graduating from Brookland-Cayce High School, he worked for Baker Equipment Company before starting his own business, Ricard’s Welding. After earning his Eagle Scout Award as a young man, he later served as Scoutmaster of Troop 1. He received both the Silver Beaver and Lamb Award. He served in the South Carolina National Guard in the 133rd MP Company. Blessed be the memory of Haskel James ‘‘Jim’’ Ricard Jr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16MY8.030 E16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D529 Tuesday, May 16, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2937–S2972 Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1127–1142, and S. Res. 163–166.
                                                       Page S2964 
Measures Reported: S. 392, to establish the 400 years of African- American History Commission. (S. Rept. No. 115–63) S. 502, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs Na-tional Park in the State of Minnesota. (S. Rept. No. 115–64) S. 508, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon. (S. Rept. No. 115–65) S. 513, to designate the Frank and Jeanne Moore Wild Steelhead Special Management Area in the State of Oregon. (S. Rept. No. 115–66) S. 590, to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho. (S. Rept. No. 115–67) H.R. 558, to adjust the boundary of the Ken-nesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–68) H.R. 698, to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 115–69) H.R. 863, to facilitate the addition of park ad-ministration at the Coltsville National Historical Park. (S. Rept. No. 115–70) S. 131, to provide for the exchange of certain Na-tional Forest System land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute.
                                                  Page S2963 
Measures Passed: Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act: Senate passed S. 419, to require adequate re-porting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits pro-gram, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                                                       Page S2954 
Alexander (for Grassley) Amendment No. 216, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S2954 
Rapid DNA Act: Senate passed S. 139, to imple-ment the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs.
                                 Pages S2954–55 
American Law Enforcement Heroes Act: Senate passed S. 583, to amend the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers.
                                        Page S2955 
Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 867, to provide sup-port for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforcement officers, and the bill was then passed.
             Page S2955 
Washington Metrorail Safety Commission: Com-mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 22, granting the consent and approval of Congress to the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the es-tablishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission, and the resolution was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S2955–59 
Recognizing the Roles and Contributions of U.S. Teachers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 163, recognizing the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States in building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States.
                                                                              Page S2968 
National Senior Corps Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 164, recognizing the contributions of senior volunteers and designating the week of May 15 through 19, 2017, as ‘‘National Senior Corps Week’’.
                                                                            Page S2968 
National Small Business Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 165, celebrating April 30 through May 6, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD530 May 16, 2017 
2017, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ and com-mending the entrepreneurial spirit of small busi-nesses owners in the United States.
                 Page S2968 
National Nurses Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 166, supporting the goals and ideals of National Nurses Week, to be observed from May 6 through May 12, 2017.
                                                    Pages S2968–69 
Appointments: Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Chairperson of the Committee on Indian Affairs, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–244, appointed the following individuals to serve as mem-bers of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children: Carlyle Begay of Arizona, and Melody Staebner of North Dakota. 
                                                                                            Page S2970 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, with respect to the stabilization of Iraq; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–7)
              Page S2963 
Brand Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General. 
                                                                                            Page S2961 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, occur at 12 noon on Wednesday, May 17, 2017, and that if cloture is invoked, the time count as if it was invoked at 1 a.m. on Wednesday, May 17, 2017; that if cloture is invoked on the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China, occur following disposi-tion of the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, and that if cloture is not invoked on the nomination of Ra-chel L. Brand, the vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the nomination of Terry Branstad occur im-mediately following the failed cloture vote. 
                                                                                            Page S2948 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, May 17, 2017; and that the time until 12 noon be equally divided in the usual form.
                                    Page S2970 Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. EX. 129), Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
                                                            Page S2961 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, to be a Commis-sioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion for a term expiring April 13, 2020. Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Energy. Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. James Donovan, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary of the Treasury. Doug Manchester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas. James J. Sullivan, Jr., of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Occupational Safety and Health Re-view Commission for a term expiring April 27, 2021. Brooks D. Tucker, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Congressional and Leg-islative Affairs). 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 7 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. A routine list in the Air Force.
            Pages S2971–72 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2963–64 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2964–66 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2966–68 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2962–63 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2969 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2970 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—129)
                                                                Page S2961 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:15 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 17, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2970.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D531 May 16, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Terrorist Financing, and Heath P. Tarbert, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Treasury, and Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. LEVERAGING FEDERAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Transportation and Infrastructure con-cluded a hearing to examine leveraging Federal fund-ing, focusing on innovative solutions for infrastruc-ture, after receiving testimony from Aubrey L. Layne, Commonwealth of Virginia Secretary of Transportation, Richmond; Tim Gatz, Oklahoma Turnpike Authority, Oklahoma City; Mayor Eric Garcetti, and Geoffrey S. Yarema, Nossaman LLP, on behalf of the National Surface Transportation Infra-structure Financing Commission, both of Los Ange-les, California; and Kevin DeGood, Center for Amer-ican Progress, Washington, D.C. BIPARTISAN MEDICARE POLICIES Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine bipartisan Medicare policies that improve care for patients with chronic conditions, after re-ceiving testimony from Senators Schatz and Wicker; Katherine Hayes, Bipartisan Policy Center, Wash-ington, D.C.; Lee Schwamm, Harvard Medical School, Dallas, Texas, on behalf of the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association; John G. Lovelace, University of Pittsburgh Medical Cen-ter, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; and Stephen Rosen-thal, Montefiore Health System, Yonkers, New York. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 52 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2423–2474; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 325–328, were introduced.
                Pages H4220–22 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4224–26 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2169, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance information sharing in the De-partment of Homeland Security State, Local, and Re-gional Fusion Center Initiative, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–120); H.R. 2213, to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–121); H.R. 2281, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Border Enforcement Secu-rity Task Force program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–122); H.R. 1715, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–123); H.R. 1177, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release on behalf of the United States the condi-tion that certain lands conveyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–124); H.R. 2154, to rename the Red River Valley Agri-cultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricultural Research Center, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–125); H. Res. 323, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 115) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide additional aggravating factors for the imposition of the death penalty based on the sta-tus of the victim (H. Rept. 115–126); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD532 May 16, 2017 
H. Res. 324, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1039) to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers au-thority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of of-ficial duties (H. Rept. 115–127).
                     Page H4220 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Carter (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4201 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:09 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H4202 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Bruce Hargrave, Bruce Hargrave Ministries and Charities, Rowlett, TX. 
                                                                                            Page H4202 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:01 p.m.
                                                   Page H4203 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Rapid DNA Act of 2017: H.R. 510, to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog; 
                                                                                    Pages H4204–05 
Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017: H.R. 1616, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 408 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 258; and
                                                       Pages H4205–08 
American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017: H.R. 1428, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers.
                               Pages H4210–11 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:59 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H4211 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Pascrell announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                         Page H4212–13 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Honoring Hometown Heroes Act: H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
                                                                                      Page H4208–10 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the sta-bilization of Iraq is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–42).                                                                                             Page H4211 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H4203. Senate Referrals: S. 1083 was referred to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. S. 139 was held at the desk.
                                     Page H4220 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H4211–12. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:07 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC WITNESS HEARING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Na-tive Public Witness Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC WITNESS HEARING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Na-tive Public Witness Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017; THIN BLUE LINE ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 115, ‘‘Thin Blue Line Act’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 115. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–17 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee grant-ed, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1039. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D533 May 16, 2017 
waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Ratcliffe, Jackson Lee, and Cicilline. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine military space organi-zation, policy, and programs, 2 p.m., SR–222. Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine United States military small arms requirements, 3:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine running the government for less, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine current issues in American sports, focusing on protecting the health and safety of American athletes, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine improving America’s transportation in-frastructure, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Scott P. Brown, of New Hamp-shire, to be Ambassador to New Zealand, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Independent State of Samoa, Depart-ment of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 829, to reauthorize the Assistance to Fire-fighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, S. 951, to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance documents, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 577, to require each agency, in pro-viding notice of a rule making, to include a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule, S. 584, to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small en-tities of rules, S. 579, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, S. 459, to designate the area between the intersections of Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, North-west and Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’, S. 595, to provide U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection with additional flexibility to expedite the hiring process for applicants for law enforce-ment positions, S. 696, to amend title 5, United States Code, to appropriately limit the authority to award bo-nuses to Federal employees, S. 504, to permanently au-thorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program, S. 842, to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record informa-tion before the applicant has received a conditional offer, S. 760, to expand the Government’s use and administra-tion of data to facilitate transparency, effective govern-ance, and innovation, S. 831, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act of 2017’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 458, to support the education of Indian children, S. 691, to extend Federal recognition to the Chicka-hominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe- Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe, and S. 1116, to amend the Na-tive American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide indus-try and economic development opportunities to Indian communities; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Of-fice’s high risk list for Indian programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine S. 23, to amend title 38, United States Code, to di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adopt and imple-ment a standard identification protocol for use in the tracking and procurement of biological implants by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 112, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize per diem payments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD534 May 16, 2017 under comprehensive service programs for homeless vet-erans to furnish care to dependents of homeless veterans, S. 324, to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the provision of adult day health care services for veterans, S. 543, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include in each contract into which the Secretary enters for necessary services authorities and mechanism for appropriate over-sight, S. 591, to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, S. 609, to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services, S. 681, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, S. 764, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the enrollment of veterans in certain courses of education, S. 784, to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2017, in the rates of compensation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, S. 804, to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 899, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employ-ees who are veterans with service-connected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, S. 1024, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Serving our Rural Veterans Act’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veteran Partners’ Efforts to En-hance Reintegration Act’’, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine aging with community, focusing on building connections that last a lifetime, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘State of the Rural Economy: Secretary of Agri-culture Sonny Perdue’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native Public Witness Hearing’’, 9 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing enti-tled ‘‘Advances in Biomedical Research’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘House of Representatives: FY 2018 Budget’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native Public Witness Hearing’’, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, oversight hearing on the Judiciary, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Architect of the Capitol: FY 2018 Budget’’, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Initial Findings of the Section 809 Panel: Set-ting the Path for Streamlining and Improving Defense Acquisition’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Personnel Posture: FY 2018’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Fu-ture of Emergency Alerting’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Initiatives to Advance Public Health’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Energy Opportu-nities in South America’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Balkans: Threats to Peace and Stability’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Revitalizing U.S.-ASEAN Relations’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Committee on House Administration, hearing entitled, ‘‘Transforming GPO for the 21st Century and Beyond’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Long-worth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Challenges Facing Law Enforcement in the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing Re-cent State Successes with the Rigs to Reefs Program’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Seeking Better Management of America’s Overgrown, Fire-Prone National Forests’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘SBA’s 7(a) Loan Program: A Detailed Review’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Need to Reform FAA and Air Traffic Control to Build a 21st Century Aviation Sys-tem for America’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D535 May 16, 2017 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 91, the ‘‘Building Supportive Networks for Women Veterans Act’’; H.R. 467, the ‘‘VA Scheduling Accountability Act’’; H.R. 1005, to improve the provi-sion of adult day health care services for veterans; H.R. 1162, the ‘‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’’; H.R. 1329, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1461, the ‘‘VET Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1545, the ‘‘VA Prescription Data Account-ability Act 2017’’; H.R. 1662, to prohibit smoking in any facility of the Veterans Health Administration; H.R. 1725, the ‘‘Quicker Veterans Benefits Delivery Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1848, the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Medical Scribe Pilot Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2288, the ‘‘Veterans Ap-peals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities for Youth and Young Adults to Break the Cycle of Poverty’’, 10 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine the growing Russian military threat in Europe, focusing on assessing and addressing the chal-lenge, 9:30 a.m., SVC–208. Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the state of social capital in America today, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD536 May 16, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 115—Thin Blue Line Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E639 Barr, Andy, Ky., E637 Beutler, Jaime Herrera, Wash., E636 Buck, Ken, Colo., E640 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E637, E642 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E639 Collins, Doug, Ga., E640 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E644 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E641 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E641 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E636 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E633, E639 Graves, Garret, La., E645 Green, Al, Tex., E638 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E633, E639, E643 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E643, E645 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E638 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E641 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E637, E642 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E638 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E636 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E636, E643 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E638 Perry, Scott, Pa., E637, E642 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E644 Shimkus, John, Ill., E637, E642 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E640 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E636, E641 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E638 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E635, E640 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E639 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E644, E645 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 17, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16MY7.REC D16MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST