Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2055 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 2017 No. 43 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Ms. C
HENEY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 13, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable L
IZCHENEY  to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE SER-GEANT AT ARMS OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House a communication from the Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS, H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 13, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : As you are aware, the time previously appointed for the next meet-ing of the House is 12:00 Noon on March 14, 2017, for morning hour. This is to notify you, pursuant to clause 12(c) of rule I, of an immi-nent impairment of the place of reconvening at that time. The impairment is due to se-vere weather. Sincerely, PAULD. IRVING , Sergeant at Arms. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 12(c) of rule I, the Speaker es-tablished this time for reconvening and notified Members accordingly. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. In this Chamber, where the people’s House gathers, we pause to offer You gratitude for the gift of this good land on which we live, and for this great Na-tion which You have inspired in devel-oping over so many years. Continue to inspire the American people, that through the difficulties of these days we might keep liberty and justice alive in our Nation, and in the world. On this day the House anticipates weather which is already affecting mil-lions of Americans. Grant that the se-verity of this late winter storm wane. But for those affected, may the assist-ance of first responders and more fortu-nate neighbors ease the passage through this weather, prove that the fiber of our national community is strong and reliable. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(c) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Mar 16, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\H13MR7.REC H13MR7bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1753 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 2017 No. 43 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Father in Heaven, Holy is Your Name. You brought light from dark-ness and order from chaos. You can bring order to our Nation and world. Use our lawmakers to fulfill Your pur-poses. May they become Your merciful hands to reduce the pain and discord in our world. Lord, use their daily experiences of joy and sorrow, pleasure and pain, vic-tory and defeat for Your glory. Protect them with Your shield of love as You fill their hearts with Your peace. May they not let evil talk pass their lips but strive to speak the truth in love. Infuse them with the spirit of kindness, compassion, and forgiveness. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE AND THE NOMINA-TION OF SEEMA VERMA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last year, Bill Clinton called ObamaCare ‘‘the craziest thing in the world.’’ Over the weekend, former Obama Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said President Clinton had a point. Of course, ObamaCare is crazy. Pre-miums are spiking across the country by 25 percent nationwide and as much as 47 percent in Kentucky for individ-uals. Choices have fallen from coast to coast, with about one-third of the counties nationwide and nearly half in Kentucky having only a single insurer to choose from on the exchanges, and healthcare markets are teetering clos-er to the edge of collapse. The ObamaCare status quo is simply not an option. We have an obligation to the Amer-ican people to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We have a three-pronged process to get there. The first is the legislation. House committees are cur-rently considering the specialized piece of legislation that allows us to repeal ObamaCare and implement some, but not all, of the important replacement reforms we want to make. Another is an additional replacement reform that goes even further in mak-ing healthcare more affordable and ac-cessible. The remaining prong is Exec-utive action. There is much the admin-istration can do to help bring calm out of chaos from Obama’s broken prom-ises. Health and Human Services Sec-retary Tom Price has already taken steps to do just that, and the nominee before us, Seema Verma, who has been nominated to head the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, can take important steps as well. Ms. Verma is extremely qualified, with a health policy background and a record of success. She is committed to protecting Medicare and modernizing Medicaid so the programs deliver the best results for those who need it. She also understands the challenges that ObamaCare has created for families. Remember, ObamaCare raided funds from Medicare. Remember, ObamaCare dramatically enlarged Medicaid beyond its core focus without improving health outcomes in States like mine. Now is the time for creative thinking to increase access and to lower costs. Now is the time for a CMS Adminis-trator with the right experience as we repeal and replace ObamaCare. I know this nominee will strengthen the vital programs she has been tasked to lead because she has a history of doing just that. I look forward to confirming Ms. Verma later today so that she can get to work immediately developing solu-tions to the crisis of ObamaCare. f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the endorsements for Supreme Court nomi-nee Judge Neil Gorsuch keep rolling in from across the political spectrum. As I noted last Thursday, more than 150 former Columbia University class-mates joined that extensive list re-cently. Those classmates represented a variety of backgrounds, home States, faiths, and political views. But they all agreed on one thing—that Judge Gorsuch is extremely well-qualified to be our next Supreme Court Justice. On Thursday, I also noted that we could expect more supporters with sterling reviews of the judge in the near future. Sure enough, that very evening the American Bar Association awarded Judge Gorsuch the highest possible rating: unanimously ‘‘well qualified,’’ meaning no one on the re-viewing panel found him other than ‘‘well qualified’’—unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ The Democratic leader and the former Democratic chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee have called the ABA ‘‘the gold standard by which judi-cial candidates are judged.’’ So on the gold standard, Neil Gorsuch got a unanimous ‘‘well qualified.’’ There is no higher score. And today, it is a group that believes Judge Gorsuch is ‘‘well qualified’’ to be a Supreme Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.000 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1754 March 13, 2017 
Justice based on his integrity, profes-sional competence, and judicial tem-perament. That is high acclaim from an organization that our colleagues on the left have long considered, as I said, the gold standard. It is the type of ac-claim we keep hearing from Democrats and Republicans in the legal commu-nity. Judge Gorsuch has an impressive re-sume and impressive credentials to match. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Columbia in just 3 years and got his law degree from Harvard, and he is an Oxford scholar to boot. The Senate confirmed him to his current position on the circuit court without a single vote in opposition. He is the right ju-rist for the job. As we move forward with his nomina-tion later this month, we should give him the fair consideration, debate, and up-or-down vote that he deserves, just like we did with the four Supreme Court nominees of Presidents Clinton and Obama after they were first elect-ed. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate recess subject to the call of the Chair. There being no objection, the Senate, at 2:09 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 2:24 p.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
WISHING THE STENOGRAPHER A SPEEDY RECOVERY Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, let me thank the attending physician for quickly coming to the aid of one of our stenographers. They all do an amazing job. They are the unsung heroes, and we wish the stenographer a speedy re-covery. 
f 
TRUMPCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as the House continues to rush through its plan to repeal and replace the Afford-able Care Act, I just want to point out once again how different this bill is from what the President has promised. For a while now, I have spoken about how the President talks like a populist and promises one thing but governs from the hard right, delivering some-thing entirely different. President Trump talked tough on Wall Street but appointed Wall Street insiders to his administration and started to try to roll back Wall Street reform. He said he would stick up for working people, but just about an hour after his inaugural address where he said that, one of his first actions as President made it harder for average families to afford a mortgage. The President plans to repeal and re-place the Affordable Care Act, and that is the most recent and most glaring ex-ample of this trend where the Presi-dent speaks one way and does another. There is a stunning gap between how the President talks about healthcare and what his bill TrumpCare would do. The bold promises of better care for ev-eryone at lower costs come from an al-ternative reality to his legislation, which studies show will cover fewer people at higher costs—higher costs, less care. Like much of his administration thus far, TrumpCare is another game of say one thing, do another: Say you will protect the working people of America and then go forward in ways that hurt them and hurt them severely. Let me offer a few examples about TrumpCare and how the words the President has stated are so different from the reality. During the campaign, the President said he was not going to cut Medicaid ‘‘like every other Repub-lican.’’ He tweeted that he was ‘‘the first and only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.’’ These are President Trump’s own tweets. He said on his tweet that he will be the first and only potential GOP can-didate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid; however, directly contrary to the President’s promise during the cam-paign, TrumpCare takes an ax to Med-icaid, which covers 68 million Ameri-cans. Instead of having the Federal Government match a percentage of each State’s Medicaid costs, which can rise and fall according to how much the State actually needs, TrumpCare would give States only a fixed amount of money per enrollee each year. If costs are higher than expected, TrumpCare wouldn’t cover the gap. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Prior-ities, this change would amount to a $370 billion cut to Medicaid over 10 years. The President said he was the first and only GOP candidate to prom-ise not to cut Medicaid. His bill cuts it by nearly $400 billion. Nearly two-thirds of Americans in nursing homes rely on Medicaid. This cut goes right after seniors and could make it more difficult if you are a 45- or 50-year-old with a parent in a nurs-ing home. You would be faced with a horrible choice: Take your parent out of the home and not give them the care they need or shell out huge amounts— thousands and thousands of dollars out of your own pocket, which you may not have. So much for the President not cutting Medicaid; it is a broken prom-ise to so many poor people, elderly peo-ple in nursing homes, and their chil-dren. The President also said we are going to have a much better healthcare plan for much less money, but studies have shown that if you are in the middle class, TrumpCare will cost you about $1,500 more a year. If you are an older American between 55 and 64, your costs would increase by over $5,000 a year. The 55- to 64-year-olds may be the most vulnerable. Their healthcare costs tend to be higher than others, and their costs would go up by $5,000 a year. That is another promise by President Trump broken when it comes to TrumpCare. The President also said: ‘‘We are going to have insurance for every-body.’’ Those are his words, not mine. ‘‘We are going to have insurance for ev-erybody.’’ Some estimates of TrumpCare suggest that it will kick roughly 15 million Americans off the insurance rolls. The CBO will likely have a more definitive estimate this evening, putting an exclamation point on what we already know: TrumpCare will cost millions of Americans their health insurance—another promise by Donald Trump broken. The President spoke repeatedly on the campaign trail about expanding treatment for Americans suffering from opioid addiction, but TrumpCare would end the Affordable Care Act’s re-quirement that addictive services and mental health treatment be covered under Medicaid in the 31 States that chose to expand Medicaid. The Presi-dent promised more help for those suf-fering from opioid addiction. The President’s action in TrumpCare cuts it. Even on drug prices, the President says one thing and does another. Just a few weeks ago, he stood in the well of the House of Representatives and said: ‘‘We should work to bring down the ar-tificial high price of drugs and bring them down immediately.’’ So you would think TrumpCare would have something that does that. Unfortu-nately, it does not. TrumpCare does ab-solutely nothing to address the high cost of drugs. In fact, drug prices might start going up faster. TrumpCare eliminates a current re-quirement that insurers actually give patients the value of the health insur-ance they are paying for. This is a blank check to insurers to cover less and charge more out-of-pocket for a whole host of services. Most experts agree that insurers could charge much more for prescription drugs or even ra-tion care. So that is another Trump promise broken. He was going to work on getting costs lowered immediately, but not in his bill he introduced a few weeks later. It might, indeed, raise prices for the cost of drugs for average Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.001 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1755 March 13, 2017 
In a broader sense, TrumpCare vio-lates what this President promised to working Americans. He promised to be a champion for working Americans. He promised to be their voice. That is how he presented himself in his inaugural address. But TrumpCare would hurt working Americans the most, making them pay more for less care. It seems the only people who really benefit, the only group who benefits fi-nancially—if you are in the top 0.1 per-cent of earners, TrumpCare gives you a nearly $200,000 tax break, on average. This is the group who benefits. They may not be the only group, but they are the group who benefits the most, far and away. If you are in the middle class, if you are struggling to make it into the working class, if you are older or from a rural area, your costs are going to go up by thousands of dollars a year. So many of these people voted for Trump for President, but the only people who get that huge tax break of an average of $200,000 a year are the top 0.1 percent. In a very real sense, Donald Trump is giving a huge tax break to the wealthy and then making working Americans, average Americans, pay for it. To some, it might seem that the whole purpose of TrumpCare is to give that huge tax break to the wealthy. In his inaugural address, President Trump spoke of an America where for far too long a small group has reaped the rewards of government, while the people have borne the cost. TrumpCare seems designed to fulfill that vision, not alter it. It makes it even easier on that small group, shifting even more costs onto the people. So the first few months of the Trump administration have been broken prom-ise after broken promise to working families. Trump’s words: We are going to help working America, middle-class America. Trump’s action: Take the burden off the shoulders of the top 1 percent and put them on the shoulders of all other Americans. TrumpCare might constitute the greatest broken promise of them all. That is why I expect our Republican leadership in the House is rushing this bill through the Chamber. They don’t want the American people to see it and learn what is in it. I don’t think they want their own Members to have much time to consider it. That is why it was released on a Monday and a vote in committee was scheduled just a few days later. Already the bill has gone through one committee markup in the House without a score from CBO. After years of criticizing Democrats for rushing through healthcare, after chanting ‘‘read the bill’’ over and over again, Republicans are trying to pass their healthcare plan in 2 months, when Democrats took almost a full year to debate and pass the Affordable Care Act. Even Republican Senators like my friend from Arkansas, Mr. C
OTTON , are telling their colleagues in the House to pause and start over. The Republicans in the House ought to listen because this mess of a bill will badly hurt mil-lions of Americans. Even though we disagree on the substance, I would echo my friend from Arkansas, Senator COT-
TON, in saying to House Republicans: Stop and think about this. You can drop ‘‘repeal’’ and come talk to us Democrats about reasonable fixes to the Affordable Care Act instead of blindly moving forward with this sham of a bill. That would be a much better way for your party and for our country. 
f 
BUDGET RIDER Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, one final point on another matter. Today, the Democratic leadership of the Sen-ate sent a letter to Leader M
CCONNELL  and Chairman C
OCHRAN . We, of course, laid out our concerns about the budget and reiterated the guiding rules that helped us pass a budget for the first time in a while last year. We believe that we should stick to the spending levels that were agreed to in December, that we should maintain a parity be-tween defense and nondefense, and that there should be no poison pill riders. It is rumored that one of those poi-son pill riders might be a supplemental added to the CR that would call for paying for President Trump’s wall. That will not stand. The President wants a wall but has not answered so many questions about it. What about eminent domain and the procedures to acquire land from private landowners? What is the design of the wall? Where is it going to be located? How is it going to be paid for, and how much will it cost? Don’t you think we ought to give the President some time to have Mexico pay for the wall? That is what he said throughout his cam-paign, that Mexico will pay for it. That is why both Democratic and Re-publican Members of Congress who rep-resent the border States object to this wall. It will be inappropriate, in our judgment, to insist on the inclusion of such funding in a must-pass appropria-tions bill that is needed for the Repub-lican majority in the control of Con-gress to avert a government shutdown. It is truly a poison pill. We would urge our colleagues not to allow the Presi-dent to include this in a must-pass bill that avoids a shutdown of the govern-ment. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in favor of the nomina-tion of Seema Verma to serve as the Administrator of the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services. I think we can all agree that this is a critical time for healthcare in Amer-ica. Health costs continue to rise, and patients face growing uncertainty over coverage. At the same time, the health of too many Americans continues to decline, healthcare costs continue to grow, and millions of new baby boomers are becoming eligible for Medicare each and every year. I might add, you heard the minority leader talk today as if Democrats have had nothing to do with all of this mess. Much to the contrary. Congress and our new President face intense pressure to address these challenges, and the stakes are very high. I am confident that Ms. Verma is up for that chal-lenge. She has over two decades of ex-perience working with State healthcare and industry leaders to re-form and improve services for the most vulnerable members of our community. Ms. Verma’s experience as an entre-preneur and industry leader allowed her to work extensively on a wide vari-ety of policy and strategic projects in-volving Medicaid, insurance, and public health in conjunction with the Indiana Governor’s office, State Medicaid agen-cies, State health departments, State departments of insurance, the Federal Government, and private companies and foundations. She has had a tremen-dous amount of experience in those areas, and I have every confidence that she will be a great leader. There are few professionals in the country who have her level of close relationships with State leaders that will be critical as Congress and the administration work to repeal and replace the Afford-able Care Act—the so-called Affordable Care Act; it is anything but affordable. Medicaid represents an enormous burden on State budgets, and we now have an unprecedented opportunity to reform a Federal entitlement program long in need of structural changes. Ms. Verma is the ideal candidate to oversee the reform of the Medicaid Program and take steps administratively to give States the flexibility they have been clamoring for. In Indiana, Ms. Verma worked with Governors Daniels and Pence to design a Medicaid expansion program that ex-tended health coverage to nearly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.003 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1756 March 13, 2017 
400,000 low-income working Americans. She did so in a way that empowered people to take greater responsibility for their own health by providing in-centives to use healthcare resources ef-ficiently. The program ensured that many people got health care coverage for the first time. Now this innovative program has become a national model for other States. Ms. Verma’s experience will be in-valuable as we work together to im-prove healthcare across the country and bring down the costs thereof. In addition to her work in Indiana, Ms. Verma has developed several other Medicaid reform programs, including 1,115 Medicaid waivers for Iowa, Ohio, and Kentucky. Her firm helped design Tennessee’s coverage expansion pro-posal and also provided technical as-sistance to Michigan when the State implemented its Medicaid waiver. She also helped guide the transition of Iowa’s Medicaid Program to a managed care program and supported strategy efforts for Maine’s Medicaid plan. Having dealt with CMS in her capac-ity as a consultant working on these myriad projects, she knows firsthand what is needed to make the programs work effectively. Her job as CMS Ad-ministrator will not be easy, and that is a heck of an understatement. CMS is the world’s largest health in-surer. It has a budget of over $1 trillion and processes over 1.2 billion claims a year for services provided to some of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens receiving Medicare and Medicaid. As such, this is a critical agency, and we need a qualified, dedicated leader at the helm. She is certainly that. In addition to ensuring that Medicare and Medicaid work effectively, Ms. Verma will also be charged with help-ing to ensure the longevity and sol-vency of the Medicare trust fund, which is projected to go bankrupt in the year 2028. Maintaining the solvency of the Medicare Program while con-tinuing to provide care for an ever-in-creasing beneficiary base is going to require creative solutions, skillful ad-ministration, and a lot of knowledge and experience. All told, between now and 2030, 76 million baby boomers will become eli-gible for Medicare. Even factoring in deaths over that period, the program will grow from approximately 47 mil-lion beneficiaries today to roughly 80 million beneficiaries in 2030. This will also create challenges that will require steady leadership and, at times, deci-sive action. I believe Ms. Verma is especially qualified to lead CMS and modernize its programs to increase its effective-ness of healthcare delivery. She brings the experience and, importantly, bipar-tisan solutions that can and should unite people across the political spec-trum in addressing some of the great-est challenges in our healthcare sys-tem. Ms. Verma has a keen understanding of patients’ needs. She certainly has the expertise to create a healthcare law that this country needs and im-prove the lives of the 100 million Amer-icans covered by Medicare and Med-icaid. At a time when the healthcare chal-lenges we face are very real and ex-tremely complex, our Nation needs leaders, like Ms. Verma, who have dem-onstrated their ability to deliver re-sults. I know that many people have dif-ferent ideas about the best direction for the Medicare and Medicaid Pro-grams and how we should meet the complex challenges facing CMS. While we can disagree on policy, we should all agree that the agency needs smart, experienced leadership at its helm. That being the case, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting Ms. Verma’s nomination to this important position. I personally am very grateful that she is willing to dive into this very difficult process and these prob-lems right in the middle of politics being played and that she is willing to do the job America needs at this par-ticular time, especially for those who need healthcare. With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WIRETAPPING ALLEGATION  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, there are a couple of issues that I will speak on, but I was asked earlier this morning about what President Trump has tweeted, basically charging former President Obama with having spied on him in a way that would be plainly ille-gal. Of course, President Obama’s ad-visers have denied any such thing hap-pened. If it did happen, of course, it would be a grave constitutional issue, and if such a thing did happen, it would be criminal conduct. Now, many people are saying: Well, is it true or not? Was Mr. Trump telling the truth in the tweet or not? There is a very simple re-sponse on this. There is one person who knows whether it is true or not, and he has been totally silent on this. They asked Attorney General Ses-sions. Attorney General Sessions made it very clear in his confirmation hear-ing—well, he said a number of things in his confirmation hearing, but one was, of course, that he would be inde-pendent. President Trump has leveled very serious charges against former President Obama. I happen to feel the charges are false, but let’s have a defin-itive voice. The Attorney General should have the courage and independ-ence to simply say whether Mr. Trump is telling the truth or not. It is a very simple matter. I would hope that the press and everybody else would keep asking because eventually somebody has to answer that question, and the Attorney General can. NOMINATION OF DAVID FRIEDMAN  
Mr. President, the Senate will soon consider the nomination of David Friedman to be U.S. Ambassador to Israel. Unlike several of President Trump’s other nominees, we know a great deal about Mr. Friedman’s views on the challenges he would confront if he were confirmed. Unfortunately, this is because he has made a career of dis-paraging and inflammatory statements about U.S. policy in the Middle East, about former U.S. officials, about the Palestinians, even about American Jews who have views that differ from his own. We have all had the opportunity to read articles Mr. Friedman has writ-ten. We have heard the outrageous, un-founded verbal attacks he has launched against those who disagree with him. He has written falsely that President Obama and Secretary Kerry engaged in ‘‘blatant anti-Semitism,’’ that the lib-eral American Jews are ‘‘far worse than kapos,’’ and that they ‘‘suffer a cognitive disconnect in identifying good and evil,’’ that the State Depart-ment has a ‘‘hundred-year history of anti-Semitism,’’ because diplomats ap-pointed by both Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents have not al-ways seen eye-to-eye on every issue with Israel’s leaders. He has said that Israel’s policy of ‘‘criticizing disloyal Arab citizens while simultaneously be-stowing upon them the benefits of citi-zenship simply isn’t working.’’ Well, those comments alone should disqualify him for this sensitive posi-tion, and it is no surprise that tens of thousands of Americans have signed petitions circulated by pro-Israel groups opposing his nomination. Mr. Friedman has also raised mil-lions of dollars for Israeli settlers, and he has bragged about the effort to re-move the two-state solution from the Republican Party’s platform, even though Democratic and Republican Presidents have supported it. Regard-ing the two-state solution, he wrote: ‘‘It is more of an illusion that serves the worst intentions of both the United States and the Palestinian Arabs,’’ in one of the many articles he has written for a rightwing Israeli media outlet. That unequivocal renunciation of long-standing U.S. policy should also by itself disqualify him from the job of Ambassador to Israel. These statements and actions not only indicate his rejection of decades of Republican and Democratic policy. They are the words of someone who makes a mockery of the term ‘‘dip-lomat’’ and who has demonstrated no ability to be objective and constructive on sensitive issues of immense impor-tance to U.S. security. Our diplomats are supposed to be rep-resenting the American people and the policies of the United States first and foremost. They are not sent to a for-eign country to represent the govern-ment or people of that country in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.004 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1757 March 13, 2017 
manner that is inconsistent with U.S. policies and U.S. interests. They are there to represent us. Mr. Friedman is certainly entitled to his own views as a private citizen, even if they are offensive and counter to U.S. interests and values. But can any-one honestly say that this nominee is qualified or suited to represent the American people in Israel? Five former U.S. Ambassadors to Israel who served under Republican and Democratic Presidents—from Ronald Reagan to Barack Obama—are among the thousands of Americans who say that the answer to that questions is no. We are being asked to reconcile Mr. Friedman’s record, his personal views, and his deep ties to extreme factions in Israel with his responsibility to objec-tively advance and defend U.S. inter-ests. Unless one believes, as he has re-peatedly made clear he does, that the interests of the United States are al-ways identical to Israel’s, there is no way Mr. Friedman should be con-firmed. For as long as I have been in the Sen-ate—and I note that is longer than any-body who is serving here now—I cannot recall a time when we were not at a critical point in our relations with Israel, not because of doubts about the enduring value of the relationship but as a reflection of the importance of the deep partnership between our govern-ments and our people—a deep partner-ship that we have all supported and that Republican and Democratic Presi-dents have supported. Most impor-tantly, it is a result of our conviction that security, stability, and prosperity in Israel and the wider region are im-portant to our own national security. That is why President Obama signed a memorandum of understanding with Israel that included the single largest pledge of U.S. military aid to any coun-try—to any country anywhere in the world, ever—and why both Democratic and Republican administrations have put so much effort into pursuing peace between Israelis and Palestinians. An alliance as longstanding as ours with Israel, which has far-reaching consequences for the entire Middle East and beyond, requires effective daily management by an experienced diplomat who has not only knowledge of the region but the necessary tem-perament and appreciation of our coun-try’s short- and long-term interests. I was here when President Sadat and Prime Minister Begin negotiated what was a very difficult peace agreement between the two of them, with both of them putting the interests of the re-gion first. That agreement has lasted. I also remember when Prime Minister Rabin and King Hussein of Jordan— who had fought against each other— personally negotiated a peace agree-ment, and the United States strongly supported that. In fact, I was privileged to be there when they signed the agree-ment at Aqaba, as I was present when Prime Minister Begin and President Sadat signed their agreement. I do not see how anyone could con-clude that Mr. Friedman possesses the requisite temperament, nor am I con-vinced that he appreciates the critical distinction between the interests of our country, the United States, and the pa-rochial interests of an extreme con-stituency in Israel who he has fiercely advocated for over the course of his long career. Indeed, it is telling that the spokes-man for Beit El, the Israeli settlement that Mr. Friedman has supported fi-nancially for years, said its inhabitants would regard him as their representa-tive in the United States. These are Israelis. Their representative in the United States is the Israeli Ambas-sador. It is not the role of a U.S. Am-bassador to represent another country, but that is how Mr. Friedman is per-ceived in Israel because that is the way he has behaved. Every U.S. President has understood the importance and the heightened sen-sitivity of this post, and they chose their nominees accordingly—both Re-publican and Democratic Presidents— until now. That is why every previous nominee to be Ambassador to Israel has been confirmed by a voice vote or by unanimous consent, while Mr. Friedman was voted out by a narrow 12 to 9—largely party line vote—in the Foreign Relations Committee. Mr. Friedman’s confirmation hearing provided him the opportunity to as-suage concerns about his divisiveness, including the many disparaging re-marks he has made and his close iden-tification with and support for the Israeli settler movement. During the hearing he renounced his undiplomatic language, suggesting it was delivered in the heat of the elec-tion cycle and in his capacity as a pri-vate citizen. In fact, he recanted so much of what he had said—which far predates the election cycle—that For-eign Relations Committee Chairman C
ORKER asked why he was willing to disavow so much of his past record in order to earn the committee’s support. In response, Mr. Friedman described the role of the U.S. Ambassador to Israel as ‘‘the fulfillment of a life’s dream, of a life’s work, of a life of study of the people, the culture, the politics of Israeli society.’’ I would say two things about that. One, I recall a nominee for another po-sition who, when asked questions about extreme positions he had taken for years, started disavowing them all, and I finally asked him: Are you having a confirmation conversion? That nomi-nee—the nominee of a Republican President—when he came before the Senate, was defeated because of Repub-lican votes, as well as Democratic votes. I always worry about a confirmation conversion. When a nominee rejects years and years of deeply held beliefs during those 2 or 3 days of the con-firmation hearing, I wonder how long it will last. There is an important distinction be-tween knowing and respecting a coun-try’s history and people and believing that one’s own personal ambition and that country’s interests are inex-tricably linked. Mr. Friedman’s re-markable confirmation conversion falls far short of convincing evidence that changing his title to ‘‘Ambassador’’ will cause him to divorce his life’s work and objectively serve the na-tional interests of the United States. If Mr. Friedman is confirmed, he should immediately untangle his busi-ness and personal interests in Israel and commit to being the representative of all Americans—conservative and lib-eral Jews, conservative and liberal non-Jews—and being a genuine partner in efforts to promote security and sta-bility for Israelis and Palestinians alike, not just because it is in their in-terests, but because it is in the interest of the United States. We all want what is best for the American people. We also share a de-sire to find a viable solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that pro-tects the rights and security of both peoples. Neither goal can be achieved by pursuing policies that further in-flame tensions in the region and erode the role of the United States as an hon-est broker for peace. There are a large number of qualified Americans from both parties who could capably support that role. Mr. Friedman is not among them. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, on another matter, this week is Sunshine Week. It is a time when we rededicate ourselves to transparency in government. It is im-portant to all of us. We celebrate one of our Nation’s most defining characteris-tics: that a government of, for, and by the people does not operate in secret. Our democracy depends on an informed public, and it is critical that public of-ficials be truthful with the American people; yet we are not even 2 months into this Presidency, and it is clear that the administration is not meeting that standard. The Attorney General has yet to come forward and tell us whether the President was telling the truth when he accused President Obama of break-ing the law and spying on him, and the President’s nominees have shown a real and stunning indifference to the truth. His nominees to lead the Treasury De-partment, the EPA, HHS, and the Jus-tice Department have all misled Con-gress while testifying under oath. I am disturbed that Senate Repub-licans continue to look the other way. At some point, they must put country over party. But as these new officials take control of their agencies, I remind them that our laws demand an open and transparent government. Last year, Congress took a strong step to re-affirm our commitment to an open gov-ernment. We passed the FOIA Improve-ment Act, which is a bipartisan bill. I coauthored it with the deputy Repub-lican leader, Senator C
ORNYN of Texas. It was the most significant reform to the Freedom of Information Act in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.006 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1758 March 13, 2017 
over 50 years. It codified the ‘‘presump-tion of openness.’’ It put the force of law behind the notion that sunshine, not secrecy, is the default setting of our government. Given what we have seen thus far from this administra-tion’s nominees, transparency, ac-countability, and open government are more important than ever. I hope next week, when the Presi-dent’s Supreme Court nominee will ap-pear before the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, he provides transparent, truth-ful answers to Senators’ questions. I will insist on real answers from Judge Neil Gorsuch because there are real concerns about his record and his judicial philosophy. Judge Gorsuch went to some of the world’s best uni-versities—Columbia, Harvard, Oxford— so it is not surprising that he knows how to make a good impression, but that cannot be the standard for a Su-preme Court nominee. The U.S. Senate cannot simply rubberstamp a nominee because he went to the right schools and looks good on TV. Neil Gorsuch has been a judge for over 10 years, and it is clear from his writings on and off the bench that he has a well-developed judicial philos-ophy. He appears to strongly identify as an originalist, in the mold of Justice Scalia or Justice Thomas. It has been more than 25 years since an originalist was nominated to the Supreme Court, so I expect that Senators will want to understand how Judge Gorsuch would apply his philosophy to the cases that would come before him, if he is con-firmed to the Supreme Court. Would he rule in the same way as originalists like Justice Scalia, Justice Thomas, and Judge Bork, who have been deeply hostile to the individual rights and lib-erties protected by our Constitution? I want to hear directly from him on this important question. It is one thing for legal academics to debate their preferred theories, includ-ing originalism. But the Supreme Court is not a debating society that deals in abstractions—its decisions af-fect every one of us. Our Federal courts are where Americans go to have their rights vindicated, whether against big corporations or the government itself. Our Federal courts do not exist so that judges have a place to propound their particular philosophies. I want to make sure that Judge Gorsuch understands that distinction, and I want to understand just how his philosophy would have been applied to important cases. For example, how would someone with his philosophy have ruled in cases upholding funda-mental rights, such as Miranda rights, a woman’s right to make her own med-ical decisions, and marriage equality? We also cannot ignore the fact that Judge Gorsuch was nominated by President Trump only after being vet-ted by extreme interest groups who did all of that in secret. They are certainly not transparent. It is alarming and un-precedented for a President to outsource the nomination process in this way. The President’s top adviser then assured attendees at a conserv-ative conference that they knew Judge Gorsuch has ‘‘the vision of Donald Trump.’’ That is the same Donald Trump, of course, who called the media the ‘‘enemy of the American people.’’ The President could not be more wrong. As we note during Sunshine Week, our Constitution provides for the free-dom of the press because a democracy cannot survive without it. Citing James Madison, the Supreme Court in New York Times v. Sullivan described the ‘‘public discussion of the steward-ship of public officials’’ as ‘‘a funda-mental principle of the American form of government.’’ It was Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, a staunch believer in open government, who famously said that sunlight is the best disinfectant. It is often the press that shines the sunlight in dark corners where we need it most. It serves as a critical check on our gov-ernment. It shines a light on corrup-tion, exploitation, and excess. My par-ents owned a weekly newspaper before they started their printing business. I was brought up to believe in the impor-tance of the First Amendment. I ques-tion whether a Justice with ‘‘the vision of Donald Trump’’ would uphold the freedom of the press. Sunshine Week’s emphasis on trans-parency will not be just this week; it should continue into the hearings next week. The Supreme Court has been the least transparent part of our govern-ment, and these hearings will be one of the only opportunities for the Amer-ican people to get a glimpse into the institution that protects their most es-sential rights. There are real questions about the kind of Justice Neil Gorsuch would be. He needs to answer them openly and honestly, not with the kinds of dodges and misrepresentations we have heard from other Trump nomi-nees. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last Fri-day, I went to Rockford, IL, and had a roundtable discussion about healthcare. There is a lot of debate about healthcare in the Congress and certainly in Washington. What I have tried to do is to take this issue home and ask the people who actually are re-sponsible for providing healthcare, and the people I represent, what they think about the new Republican alternative to the Affordable Care Act. What I found is that with virtually no excep-tions, they are all gravely concerned that the changes that are going to be made to the healthcare system in America, which represents a dramatic portion of our economy, could have a very negative impact on the real lives of people across my State and across the Nation. Hospital administrators were there to talk about this issue. Swedish Cov-enant is one of the hospitals well known and respected in the area; OSF as well, and the administrators of both of these hospitals talked about the neg-ative impacts of cutting back Medicaid coverage. What the Republicans are suggesting in their proposal is that the expansion of Medicaid to provide health insur-ance for low-income Americans would continue until 2020 and then be cut off, and, they would argue, we will make it more cost efficient. We will let the Governors come up with alternatives. Well, the Governors aren’t very happy with this because they know the cost of healthcare continues to go up and they are fearful that when you try to put this all together, the net result is fewer people covered by Medicaid. Over 600,000 people, because of ObamaCare—the Affordable Care Act— in Illinois now have health insurance. Who are they? Well, I met Ray Romanowski. Ray, a big Polish Amer-ican fellow from Chicago, is a musi-cian, and he has made most of his in-come during his life doing work as a musician. Ray Romanowski, in his 60s today, has never had health insurance until now. Because of the Affordable Care Act, he qualifies for Medicaid, and because he has Medicaid—he patted his wallet and said: I finally have that card in my wallet where I can walk into a hospital or a clinic and get good treat-ment. It is the first time in his life, and he is in his sixties. Judy is a friend of mine in Southern Illinois, and she works at local motels there—in hospitality—at places where they serve breakfast to you. She gets up early in the morning. She is a hard- working lady. It is the kind of job she has had her entire life, and she never, ever had health insurance—not once. She worked 20, 30, 40 hours a week, sometimes two different jobs, but never with health insurance. Now she has it because of the Affordable Care Act, and thank goodness she does because she has been diagnosed with diabetes and she needs that kind of care. So what happened before, when peo-ple like Ray and Judy got sick? Before the Affordable Care Act, they would show up in the hospital, go to the emergency room, and they would get treatment, but they wouldn’t be able to pay for it. What happens to those ex-penses at hospitals, under the old way of doing things? They are passed along. The rest of us pay. Anyone who has health insurance and goes in for treat-ment, part of it is going to be what your treatment is or for your family; the other part is to make up the dif-ference for charity care, uncompen-sated care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.008 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1759 March 13, 2017 
Now the Republicans believe they have a new idea: Let’s restrict access to Medicaid. Let’s restrict the health insurance that is available to people like Ray and Judy. Well, they are still going to get sick, and they are still going to come to the hospital, and their costs are going to be passed along to others. The Speaker of the House, P
AUL R
YAN, a neighbor from the State of Wisconsin, said that it is all about competition and choice. Well, when it came to competition and choice, Ray and Judy didn’t have a chance. They just didn’t make enough money. But they did get coverage under the Afford-able Care Act, and they stand to see that coverage endangered, if not lost, under this new approach. We also had representatives of the nursing association in Illinois. These are women and men who are the most respected medical providers. Just take a look and ask whether people have higher respect for doctors or whom-ever; it is always the nurses, No. 1, be-cause the nurses are the ones who are there day in and day out, hour after hour, in the hospital rooms with the people we love who desperately need medical care. The nurses are opposed to this Republican replacement plan as well. The doctors—the American Medical Association and the Illinois State Med-ical Society—are also opposed to it be-cause they looked at the Republican competition and choice alternative and said that at the end of the day, fewer people will have health insurance and the costs will go up dramatically for some. We had a representative of the American Association of Retired Per-sons there, and they are especially op-posed to it. Why? We had a provision in the Affordable Care Act which said that the disparity in premiums can never be more than 3 to 1. Well, the Re-publicans decided as part of their re-placement to make that 5 to 1. Who is going to pay five times instead of three times the base premium? Seniors, those over the age of 55. The Repub-licans built this into their proposal, and AARP has come out against it. The second thing to go is—the Af-fordable Care Act has really brought some savings to healthcare; we wish there were more. But that savings in healthcare is translated into 10 more years of solvency for Medicare. Medi-care is a lifeline for 40 million or 50 million Americans. So we gave it 10 more years of solvency with the changes in the Affordable Care Act. Now we are waiting for a score from the Congressional Budget Office, but the early indications are we are going to lose 4 years of solvency in Medicare because the Republicans want to bring in ‘‘competition and choice.’’ It turns out that phrase is not going to be good for the future of Medicare—one of the other reasons the American Associa-tion of Retired Persons opposes the Re-publican proposal to replace the Af-fordable Care Act. This bill will be scored this week by the Congressional Budget Office. It was interesting to watch the Sunday shows and watch the procession of Repub-licans calling themselves fiscal con-servatives who came in and discounted any conclusions from the Congres-sional Budget Office. Interesting. When we wrote the Affordable Care Act, we waited sometimes for weeks for the Congressional Budget Office to give us a score: Is this bill going to add to the deficit or reduce the deficit? We had to wait to find out. Is this bill going to cover more people with health insurance or not? We had to wait to find out. But the Republicans went ahead with their proposal without a Congressional Budget Office score, and what they have done over the weekend is downplay the credibility of an office which Democrats and Republicans have relied on for decades. It shows that they are very concerned. I think they know what they are going to find. They are afraid it is going to add to the def-icit and it is going to dramatically re-duce health insurance for Americans. There are some who estimate that 10 million to 15 million Americans could lose their health insurance. That is half of all of those in the past 6 years who have gained health insurance. It would also increase out-of-pocket healthcare costs for the average per-son—the Republican plan would—by $1,500 a year, seniors paying approxi-mately $5,000 more a year because of that 5-to-1 premium change that I men-tioned earlier. It would basically end Medicaid as we know it. The Governors are telling us that this is a bad idea because it would shift the cost onto the families and to the Governors to find ways to save money. It would shorten the solvency of the Medicare trust fund by 4 years. It would allow insurers to once again charge older people significantly more than younger people for health insur-ance. And—Republicans added a little grace note there—they defund Planned Parenthood and cut 12 percent of the funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Here is something my colleagues may not know. Because of family planning efforts in America, in the last 30 years, we are now at the lowest point in teen-age pregnancies and the lowest point in unplanned pregnancies. So information and education are paying off to reduce unwanted pregnancies, unplanned preg-nancies, and, I might add, the likeli-hood of abortions. So now, as the Re-publicans say we are going to defund Planned Parenthood for hundreds of thousands of women, that means stop-ping their access to the healthcare they trust across America. So in the name of choice, the Republican plan re-duces choices for women when it comes to healthcare by defunding Planned Parenthood. To top it off, the bill cuts taxes for the very wealthy. Those making over $1 million a year in income get a $50,000 tax cut because of the Republican pro-posal for this new health insurance ap-proach. If you happen to be in the wealthiest 0.1 percent of Americans, the average tax cut is nearly $200,000. They just can’t help themselves. We put together a revenue source so that we could dramatically expand health insurance coverage in this Na-tion. We now have the lowest percent-age of uninsured Americans in our his-tory, and the Republicans—because they are opposed to it—have said: We are going to cut the taxes that help people pay for their health insurance, and we are going to reduce the options that are available to them. So for Americans, it means less coverage, higher costs. We will see when it goes to the House of Representatives on the floor. The most conservative Republicans don’t like it; certainly the Democrats don’t like it. The question is whether Speak-er P
AULRYANhas enough votes. It has united America. The Republican ap-proach has united America, in opposi-tion. I don’t know of a major health- providing group that supports it—not one; not doctors, not hospitals, not clinics, not AARP. Patients’ groups all say the same thing about TrumpCare. The American Medical Association said: 
We cannot support the [bill] as drafted be-cause of the expected decline in health insur-ance coverage and the potential harm it would cause to vulnerable patient popu-lations. 
The American Medical Association goes on to say: 
We are concerned with the proposed roll-back of the Medicaid expansion. . . . Med-icaid expansion has proven highly successful in providing coverage for lower income indi-viduals. The AMA cannot support provisions that repeal the Prevention and Public Health Trust Fund . . . and we cannot support pro-visions that prevent Americans from choos-ing to receive care from physicians and qualified providers . . . [including] those as-sociated with Planned Parenthood affiliates. 
The American Medical Association is saying to the Republicans that they re-ject their proposal for healthcare and is warning them not to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood. What does the American Hospital As-sociation say? 
We cannot support the [bill]— 
the Republican bill— 
in its current form. In addition to the lack of a CBO score, we have some additional policy concerns with the proposal. For example, it appears that the effort to restructure the Medicaid program will have the effect of making significant reductions in a program that provides services to our most vulnerable populations. 
That is from the American Hospital Association. They estimate that in our State of Illinois, we could lose up to 90,000 jobs by repealing the Affordable Care Act without a suitable sub-stitute—90,000 jobs in my State. Presi-dent Trump made a lot of news when he went to visit one of the manufac-turing companies after he was first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.009 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1760 March 13, 2017 
sworn in and saved a couple hundred jobs. Well, I am glad he saved those jobs. I hope he saves a lot more. But if he is going to eliminate 90,000 jobs in my State—people who work at hos-pitals, some of the best-paying jobs in downstate communities—for goodness sake, that isn’t hiring American. It isn’t really focusing on creating jobs in this country. It is just the opposite. Here is what the American Nurses Association says about the Republican bill: 
[The bill] threatens health care afford-ability, access, and delivery for individuals across the nation. . . . [T]he bill changes Medicaid to a per capita cap funding model, eliminates the Prevention . . . Fund, re-stricts millions of women from access to critical health services, repeals income based subsidies that millions of people rely on. These changes in no way will improve care for the American people. 
What about the U.S. Conference of Mayors? Here is what they said: 
States will be forced to end coverage and eliminate health care for low-income sen-iors, people with disabilities, children, and working families. The GOP plan is bad for cities, bad for peo-ple who live in cities and bad for people who provide healthcare in cities. 
It is interesting. We had a represent-ative at a Rockford meeting of the dis-abled community. They are scared to death of this Republican alternative because these folks many times are in serious need of very expensive healthcare. If they are pushed off into these so-called money-saving insurance plans that really are empty inside and don’t provide coverage, it could be dev-astating to these families. They have been through it over and over. The American Association of Retired Persons said: 
This Republican bill would weaken Medi-care’s fiscal sustainability, dramatically in-crease health care costs for Americans aged 50–64 and put at risk the health care of mil-lions of children and adults with disabilities, and poor seniors who depend on the Medicaid program for long-term services and supports. It could hasten the insolvency of Medicare by up to 4 years and diminish Medicare’s ability to pay for services in the future. 
I remember when Candidate Donald Trump was telling us he would do noth-ing to hurt Medicare. Now the first major piece of legislation that comes up threatens the solvency of Medicare. Here is what the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medi-care said: 
[We] oppose the . . . bill to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act because it would weaken Medicare’s solvency . . . threaten access to Medicaid long-term care benefits, and re-quire ‘‘near seniors’’ to pay more for less health care coverage. The . . . bill puts sen-iors and people with disabilities at signifi-cant risk of ending up uninsured or losing access to needed care. 
In my own State, the Illinois Health and Hospital Association says: 
[This organization] has serious concerns with the direction of the [bill]. It would cut coverage for hundreds of thousands of Illi-noisans and impose a cap on . . . federal Medicaid funding—our state is unable to ab-sorb funding cuts without impacting healthcare for all patients. I was surprised last week when the Republican Governor of Illinois, Bruce Rauner, said of the Republican plan: ‘‘My first blush read is Illinois won’t do very well under the changes that they’re recommending.’’ He is very careful not to say things about Federal legislation. This he un-derstands: Cutting back on Medicaid is going to impose a new debt on our State and reduce coverage for hundreds of thousands of people in our State. So we said to the Republicans: You want to repeal the Affordable Care Act; you have been dead set on doing this for 6 years. Please come up with an al-ternative that at least expands the cov-erage of health insurance and makes it more affordable. They tried, and they failed. But now they are going to push it through as a matter of showing po-litical purity. They don’t care that there is not a single group of medical providers in this country who support their plan. They obviously don’t care that the American Association of Re-tired Persons believes this is not good for seniors across the board. I heard the Director of OMB say: Oh, that group—they are going to end up opposing this and then they are going to ask people to donate. Well, it is true that they live on donations. But they are taking a bold position in saying that the Republican approach is going to hurt seniors across America. Talk to the disability community, and you will hear exactly the same thing. Talk to the advocates for children. I am really looking for the first group to stand up and say that this new Republican approach is good for this country or good for people when it comes to the cost or availability of health insurance, and I haven’t found it yet. I don’t know what they are waiting on, but they can’t produce it. What we are looking for is just the opposite. If you will take repeal of the Affordable Care Act off the table, I will pull up a chair. It is not perfect, it can be improved, and I am ready to sit down and do it on a bipartisan basis. But it is ‘‘our way or the highway’’ when it comes to the Republican ma-jority on this bill. I hope we can do bet-ter. I think the American people expect us to do better. At the end of the day, they want a better healthcare system, not one that is worse—not one that supposedly gives them ‘‘competition and choice,’’ yet they have less coverage in their insur-ance policies and end up paying more for it. 
CALLING FOR AN INDEPENDENT , BIPARTISAN  
COMMISSION  
Mr. President, I have been coming to the floor recently to discuss the Rus-sian involvement in our last Presi-dential election. Remember that 2 months ago, some 14 different intel-ligence agencies all came to the same conclusion—that Vladimir Putin and the Russians were trying to impact the outcome of the Presidential election. The intelligence reports, which were unclassified and available to the pub-lic, said expressly that the Russian in-tent was to defeat Hillary Clinton and to elect Donald Trump. I quickly add, this was not a report from the Demo-cratic National Committee; it was a re-port from our intelligence agencies. They went through all the efforts taken by the Republicans when they were hacking into computers and re-leasing information during the course of the campaign. I think this is serious business. It is the first time I know of that a foreign power has tried to influence the out-come of an American Presidential elec-tion. People in Eastern Europe and people in many parts of this world are used to the Russians getting involved in their campaigns, trying to run their favorite candidates and elect them. We shouldn’t have to put up with that in the United States of America, so many of us have called for a real investiga-tion of what the Russians were up to. I think we ought to have a bipartisan commission—an independent, trans-parent commission to look into the in-volvement of the Russians; otherwise, we are sitting ducks for them to try it again 2 years from now, in the next election. We know—and this is public information—there were at least 1,000 people sitting at computers in Moscow, trying to hack into America to try to find enough information that they could release to influence the outcome of the election. They are not going to quit. They are going to continue to do this. The question is, What will we do about it? We have already seen the National Security Advisor to the President, General Flynn, resign when he misled the American people and Vice Presi-dent PENCE about conversations he had with the Russians. Just 2 weeks ago, we saw that the Attorney General of the United States, Jeff Sessions, recused himself from investigations in-volving Russia in the campaign be-cause of conversations he had had, which he didn’t disclose before the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee. Almost every week there are more disturbing revelations emerging—not by any honest or open disclosure, mind you, but about the curious alliance among President Trump and the inner circle and Vladimir Putin, if there were one. Key figures, such as the National Security Advisor I mentioned and the current Attorney General, were caught not disclosing communications with the Russians. Allied intelligence re-portedly confirms that members of the Trump campaign had repeated commu-nications with those thought to be in Russian intelligence. Close Trump as-sociate Roger Stone appeared to have advance knowledge of when Russian- hacked information of Hillary Clinton was going to be released by WikiLeaks, something he presumably could have known only if he was at least dis-cussing it with the Russian hackers. All the while, the administration has been saying nothing about Putin’s ac-tions, about this attack on the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.011 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1761 March 13, 2017 
States, or about Russia’s ongoing cyber and military aggression in Europe. In fact, instead of addressing and respond-ing to this Russian attack head-on, the President has incredibly been parroting Russian strategic interests instead. Let me repeat that from my largely silent Republican colleagues—and there have been a few exceptions, but most of them will not come to the floor to even discuss this matter. The Amer-ican President, the same party of Ron-ald Reagan, has failed to acknowledge this major attack on our Nation and has refused to take action in response. How is this possible? Why is the major-ity party so silent in the face of these major national security issues? There is a simple way to resolve these questions: First, President Trump should do what every Presidential candidate has done in modern history and disclose his tax returns. Why won’t he do that? What is in there that is so worrisome to him that he has defied all requests from media and from others across this Nation for him to do exactly what every other Presidential candidate has done? The President should also be totally cooperative with any investigation about campaign contacts, including by his former campaign manager Paul Manafort; Michael Flynn, his former National Security Advisor; and his former foreign policy adviser, Carter Page. How do we explain repeated re-ports of these contacts between that campaign and Russian intelligence? The administration also needs to an-swer questions about Roger Stone’s comments that suggest he had knowl-edge of WikiLeaks having and using, in strategically timed releases around pe-riods when the campaign was strug-gling, the information that had been hacked by the Russians. Tell us why the administration has criticized hundreds by Twitter when there is any perceived slight—from en-tire States to Major League Baseball to United Steelworkers—but not the Com-munist KGB agent who conducted an attack on our Nation and democracy. We need to know why they not only repeatedly denied intelligence informa-tion about Russian attacks but, in fact, in July of last year encouraged Russia to hack into their opponent’s cam-paign. All of these things are being watched closely by nations around the world. Several weeks ago, I went over to Po-land, Lithuania, and Ukraine. One of the Polish leaders said to me: We’re watching. If you don’t take the Russian invasion of your Presidential election seriously, how will you take the Rus-sian invasion of our country seriously? It is a legitimate question because the Russians are up to a strategy that we have seen over and over again. This time, the Americans were the victims. We need full cooperation by the White House. We need an independent commission. I have suggested we pick people who are beyond reproach, people we can trust. I mentioned General Colin Powell, a man who served our country so honorably in the military, then served in the Republican White House, and then served as a Republican Secretary of State. I would accept Colin Powell as the head of a commis-sion to get to the bottom of this be-cause it is a national security issue, which he has undoubtedly had some background in dealing with in years gone by. There are many good people to turn to, but until we get the straight an-swers, we can expect the Russians to continue to try to find ways to invade our political process. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
KANSAS WILDFIRES  
Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I rise today to speak about the historical and unprecedented wildfires that burned through southwest Kansas last week. We had fires in 21 of our Kansas counties, roughly one-fifth of our State. High winds and dry conditions caused fires of the highest classifica-tion that blazed across central and western Kansas some 30 to 40 feet high, burning more than 700,000 acres of land, making this the largest wildfire in our State’s history. The Kansas Division of Emergency Management has said it could take weeks to determine the full extent of devastation from the fires. Clark County, KS, officials—that is the county that was the hardest hit—esti-mate a devastating loss of anywhere from 3,000 to 9,000 head of cattle. That is just in one county. As I indicated, Clark County was the hardest hit by the windblown fires, with over 85 per-cent of the land in the county con-sumed by these prairie fires. This is hundreds of thousands of acres in one county and over 700,000 in regard to our State. On Friday, I drove south from Dodge City, KS, through range and ranchland I didn’t even recognize. What used to be gently rolling prairie, dotted with herds of cattle and crisscrossed by fencing, is now reduced to blackened dust. Friends of mine lost their ranch when a 40-foot wall of fire roared out of the valley over the bluff and burned out their operation. We have unimagi-nable damage to land and property, but also heart-wrenching scenes of cattle and wildlife burned, wounded, and wan-dering. Many Kansans lost everything. Ac-cording to Sheriff John Ketron of Clark County, 31 houses and over 440,000 acres were burned there. We have longtime friends there, John and Carol Swayze. We have known them for years. John said with tears in his eyes: ‘‘Pat, it took me 43 years to build up this oper-ation, and it took about an hour to take it all down.’’ Riding with Sheriff Ketron, we were assessing the town of Ashland, where a volunteer firefighting force managed to save the town when it became surrounded in flames. Some volunteers were fighting fires else-where in the area and learned their own homes had been engulfed and lost. I met with brave people in the towns of Englewood and Ashland, KS, in the heart of Clark County, who had just come through frightening experiences fighting the unpredictable and unstoppable fires. Some were out driv-ing cattle away from the fires and had become separated from loved ones. When the flames turned, they were left to pray for their safety. Kylene Scott, with the High Plains Journal, calls it ‘‘the worst day of her life.’’ She wrote a courageous and hon-est account of the day. I will read her words now: I think I had them going the right way, then the wind switched. Now I just don’t know. When I heard the crack in my hus-band’s voice yesterday afternoon, I knew it was bad. He is normally the calm, cool, col-lected one. A family friend alerted him to the fire in Clark County very near the Scott farm after we’d returned home from burying my Dad yesterday. 
Coming back from a funeral. 
When they said the closest neighbor was being evacuated he went as quickly as he could fearing for the cattle herd he’d worked the last five years to build following the death of his own Dad. I stayed behind with the boys at our house 40 miles away. When the wind switched at my house from south/southwest to the north, I began to worry even more and called him. At this point he was waiting out the fire and smoke in the wheat field, helplessly watching the house and barn burn. I wanted to be at the farm so bad, but there wasn’t much that could be done. When he made it home un-scathed I was pretty happy, but sad at the same time. Knowing there was nothing we could do to fix what it took for Mother Na-ture mere minutes to destroy. Fifty-two cows are on the farm, with about half or 
3⁄4of them with young calves. Most are accounted for. All the grass is gone, as is the hay stockpile. He went and hauled water to the cows this morning and some are scorched and others have udders with burns. One cow was bawling for her missing calf. ‘‘Those poor mommas,’’ was my text reply to him this morning. I made my way early this afternoon to see the farm or what’s left of it with my own eyes. As bad as I wanted to be down there, a piece of me dreaded the drive. The closer I got to the farm, the worse it got. Blowing dirt, darkening skies because of the dust and awful winds. I pulled in the drive, like I had done a hundred times in the nearly 20 years I have been part of the family, and I had to stop my vehicle. The tears came and the heartbreak overwhelmed me. I thought of the old white farm house with the wonderful front porch, where my hus-band spent a large majority of his childhood in and around. My fondest memory is when we’d stop and see my husband’s Grandma Pauline. She’d always have something sweet to eat and a cold drink at the kitchen table. The home had been around for 100 years and still had a large portion of the family mo-mentos in it. It was reduced to ashes and rubble. All that’s standing is the chimney. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.013 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1762 March 13, 2017 
I couldn’t see the barn around the trees, but I again had to stop and sit when I pulled around the corner. The barn. The old barn with its red siding. I remember when my fa-ther-in-law had it painted and how proud he was because it looked so good. I remember when he laid the brick in front of the tack room and built a new door for it. My boys ex-plored every inch of it when we worked calves last fall. You could ‘‘almost’’ hear the horses munching in the stalls decades ago when you stood in the center alley. Now it’s just a charred pile of tin. I realize the house and barn are just build-ings. Things can be replaced. But dang, it’s so hard to see it all reduced to ashes and rub-ble. To see part of the Scott family history, more than a hundred years, just be gone. Just like that. It’s hard. We’ve had incredible friends and family of-fering help, hay and feed, and it’s heart-warming to know how much people care. Like I heard an Ashland, Kansas resident on the news this morning being interviewed, it’s just what southwest Kansas people do. Help and survive. 
Here is a picture that was taken on Kylene and Spencer Scott’s wedding day in 2009 up here. It is a beautiful sight. Off in the distance is the Clark County Lake. It is rolling hills, cattle country, cattle, and grass. Looking at this picture now, it is not hard to won-der how this land will come back to provide for so many, as it has for gen-erations of Kansas farm and ranch fam-ilies whose sweat and blood have pro-duced for Kansas, our Nation, and, yes, the world, as well. There is the other picture. They got married here. It was the happiest day of their life. They saw this, and that became just about the worst day of their life. And yet, having seen this devastation firsthand, I don’t wonder about Kansas and our ability to re-build. It is in our State motto: Ad astra per aspera—to the stars through dif-ficulties. In one of the emergency management centers I met Joyce Edinger. When I asked her what I could do to help, she just said: ‘‘The Lord will provide.’’ She had lost virtually everything. I think that pretty well sums it up. The faith of Kansans gives us courage to re-build—the courage to come through fire. Ashland banker Kendall Kay emo-tionally said: 
Senator, we are going to need help. We really don’t want it, but we are going to need it. 
I am so proud of the people of my State who have come in with that help before they were even asked. I had been in contact with all of our producer groups in Kansas—the Kansas Live-stock Association, the Kansas Farm Bureau—who along with our State agencies had been leading the vol-untary relief effort. I commend them for their efforts in collecting hay for cattle, as well as monetary donations, coming in from all parts of the United States, and volunteer coordination for repairs to property and fencing. With Congressman R
OGER MARSHALL  of the First Congressional District, and my colleague here and friend in the Senate, J
ERRY MORAN , we have been in touch with the Department of Agri-culture with regard to assistance that should be available to farmers and ranchers in counties that have suffered losses. Here is what we are trying to fix. This fellow is walking across here to that bluff that overlooks that valley that Spencer and Kylene looked over, and this fellow here is Chad Tenpenny, my top guy in Kansas. That is me with my hands in my pockets. It is pretty rough to see ground like this that was grass and to look at the utter devasta-tion. Folks, when that wind blows and when that dust starts up again, we could be in for even more trouble. So cleanup is under way, but we are trying to get help to cut through the redtape and get a disaster declaration. I talked to the Governor this after-noon. Primarily, it is the Emergency Conservation Program, the Livestock Indemnity Program, and Environ-mental Quality Incentives Program, or EQIP, that are the key programs. It won’t make people whole by any means, but it will give them hope. So cleanup is under way. Kansas is a bootstrap State. It is not just about building new fencing. We have families who have lost the farm-house and all the equipment they need to rebuild. Many livestock producers have had the gruesome task of euthanizing cattle that have been badly burned. We have to remove the carcasses. We have to find land for the survivors to graze. And we have a lot of uncertainty. How long will it take for the grasses to come back? When can we get rain to avoid a dust bowl? It is real-ly too soon to tell. But we have been through disasters before. Almost 1 year ago, we had the Anderson Creek fire, and we have come through tornadoes and ice storms. Recovery from disas-ters of this magnitude, however, re-quires us to cut through the redtape. It requires getting the right information to producers so they know how to apply for aid and then to expedite it. Yes, it requires us to look at our pro-grams to see where we can improve them. Now, this fire has not received much attention in the national media. You see, we are a flyover State. All we do is produce food and fiber for Kansas and our Nation and for a troubled and hun-gry world. But I do want to commend members of the press in Kansas, espe-cially photographer Bo Rader of the Wichita Eagle, who took this photo of my State Director Chad Tenpenny and me walking through rangeland outside of Ashland. The Wichita Eagle has gone out of their way to show the world what this fire looks like to real people. The Hutchison News, the High Plains Jour-nal, and the Dodge City Daily Globe have all told and are telling this story. The same is true for the TV and the radio crews who have helped get the news of town evacuations safety no-tices to our people. This is what they do. Rest assured that, as chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I am committed to the Kansans I serve. They know me. I know them. I know that Clark County and the other 20 counties will come back. We will ensure they get the help they need. Ad astra per aspera—to the stars through difficulty. It is not just a motto; it is who we are. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, last week our colleagues in the House of Representatives introduced the Amer-ican Health Care Act—legislation that will deliver on a promise we made to repeal ObamaCare and to replace it with healthcare options that won’t force people to buy an insurance prod-uct just because the government tells them to do so or penalize them if they don’t but will replace it with one that actually fits the needs of their families at a price they can afford. It is no secret that ObamaCare was oversold back in 2010 when the Presi-dent said: If you like your policy, you can keep your policy. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. And by the way, an average family of four, he said, would save $2,500. That has not proven to be true. ObamaCare, to boot, has wreaked havoc on our economy and on Amer-ican families just trying to stay healthy. In my State of Texas, it has led to fewer healthcare options, sky-rocketing premiums, and deductibles so high that insurance plans are ren-dered almost useless. By one estimate, about one-third of Texas counties have only one insurance option, and that is the case throughout the Nation. Nearly one-third of all counties in the country have only one insurance company of-fering plans on their States’ exchanges. The truth is, ObamaCare has never added up to better coverage at a more affordable price; it has never delivered more options—just the opposite; and it never kept its promises when it was being sold to the American people. Now is the time for us to do right by the American people by delivering more access to quality healthcare at a price Americans can afford. The American Health Care Act doesn’t just tinker around the edges of ObamaCare; it is a complete do-over. This bill, for example, repeals ObamaCare’s individual mandate, the requirement that you buy government- approved insurance, and if you don’t, we are going to fine you. That is re-pealed. It repeals the employer mandate. I still remember being in Tyler, TX, and talking to a gentleman who owned a restaurant and who said he had to lay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.014 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1763 March 13, 2017 
off some of his full-time staff, putting them on part time, just to avoid the penalties that go along with the em-ployer mandate. And by the way, he in-troduced me to the single mom who now, instead of working one full-time job, had to work two part-time jobs just to keep food on the table for her family. This bill also repeals the medical de-vice tax. This was an incredible tax on medical innovation which wasn’t on in-come but literally on gross receipts, forcing jobs to move from the United States to places like Costa Rica and Central America. This bill repeals ObamaCare’s Medi-care payroll tax increase, the net in-vestment tax increase, the ObamaCare tax on prescription drugs, and the ObamaCare health insurance tax. This is the full repeal of ObamaCare that we have been promising for years now. I want to point out that this bill also provides unprecedented entitlement re-form. Some of the main cost drivers for the Federal Government are not the 30 percent of Federal funds that we appro-priate each year that are largely di-vided between defense and nondefense spending. Entitlements are driven by the fact that they are not capped or pegged to an inflation rate for Medi-care, Social Security, and Medicaid. This legislation actually begins to put Medicaid—the healthcare plan for the most vulnerable in our country—on a reasonable path to sustainment. This bill also makes sure that the States that share in the cost of Medicaid can manage their own State budgets in a much more responsible way. This bill is the first real Medicaid re-form since the program was created which, perhaps most importantly, gives more authority, more flexibility to the States to manage the dollars they spend, to manage not only the dollars they come up with through their own tax rolls but the Federal portion as well. And as I said, it puts the Medicaid Program on a path toward fiscal re-sponsibility. I believe this legislation is critically important across the country and for my State of Texas, too. In Texas, every other year, when the legislature meets and tries to determine how to allocate its budget, they work very hard to try to make sure that Medicaid isn’t the single largest expenditure in the State budget. Right now, about a third of that total budget is spent on Medicaid alone, and the Federal Government es-sentially ties the hands of the State in terms of managing the healthcare de-livery system to help those most vul-nerable low-income folks in our State. With this legislation, not only do States like Texas have the ability to manage the expenditure of the money to focus on chronic diseases—people who are using our healthcare system a lot because of the nature of the ill-nesses they have—but also to help en-courage medical homes so that people have ways of managing their healthcare to stay healthy longer and to reduce healthcare expenditures. This legislation will help Texas and the rest of the country have a way to rein in spending while serving those who need Medicaid the most. You will hear some of our friends across the aisle saying that this is about kicking people off of Medicaid. Well, that is not true. For those people currently on Medicaid, Medicaid expenditures will not change at all as long as they re-main on the rolls. That includes those who live in States that expanded the Medicaid coverage from 100 percent of Federal poverty to 138 percent. Those people will stay on Medicaid as long as they are eligible. Under this new legis-lation, Medicaid is put on a sound fis-cal footing so the program is still around for our children and grand-children. Another important feature of the American Health Care Act is that it es-tablishes a patient and State stability fund to equip Texas and other States to meet the specific healthcare needs of their patients, particularly those, as I have said, with low incomes and those suffering from chronic illnesses. It will provide more money to com-munity health centers that do a lot of heavy lifting to make sure that fami-lies are healthy and that people get ac-cess to the treatment they need regard-less of whether they actually have health insurance. In Texas, we have hundreds of community health centers serving more than 1 million Texans each year. Under the American Health Care Act, they will be able to do their job more effectively and keep more Texans healthy. Responsible entitlement reform is something we should be all about. It serves the American people not just for tomorrow but for decades down the road. Most importantly, I believe what this legislation does is it finally deliv-ers on the promise we made back dur-ing the debate over the Affordable Care Act. Now that the Affordable Care Act has proven itself to be unsustainable and does not deliver on the basic promises, the fundamental promises upon which it was sold to the American people, I believe it is important that we keep our promise to repeal it and replace it with more choices of affordable healthcare at a price people can afford. It is the conservative answer to healthcare that will empower individ-uals, provide more options and com-petition, and responsibly help those who need care have more access to it. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, as the Senate continues to consider nomi-nees to lead Federal agencies, I am concerned that once again there is a nominee before us with a stunning lack of expertise to run an agency that af-fects so many American lives. Seema Verma is another such nominee. The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, has an incredible responsibility to en-sure some of America’s most important programs run smoothly. For decades, Medicare and Medicaid have offered coverage to some of our Nation’s most vulnerable populations. Medicare and Medicaid currently cover more than 100 million Americans—nearly one in three patients. The Administrator is respon-sible for overseeing more than $1 tril-lion in annual spending and a staff of about 4,000 people. This is a position of vital importance where a new Adminis-trator should hit the ground running, instead of learning on the fly. And learning on the fly is what she will have to do, as evidenced by her testimony before the Finance Com-mittee. When asked to name a specific program she would commit to improv-ing as Administrator, she could not identify even one. She also dem-onstrated a lack of commitment to protect healthcare for women, saying that coverage for prenatal and mater-nity care should be optional and paid for separately. Does Ms. Verma really want to return us to a time when women are discriminated against in healthcare solely because of their gen-der? It appears so. When asked about provider payment systems, she stum-bled to answer, showing little knowl-edge about a system that directly im-pacts millions of providers across the Nation. Furthermore, the only fact she could name about Medicare Part D, a benefit that supports more than 40 mil-lion seniors, was about an online plan finder tool. Supporters of her nomination point to her involvement and design of Indi-ana’s Medicaid program as her quali-fication to run CMS. Directed by then- Governor Mike Pence, Indiana’s plan requires even the poorest patients to pay a monthly fee in order to access health insurance. The plan also re-stricts those who miss a payment to be locked out of care for 6 months. In-stead of working to find ways to help Indianans gain insurance coverage, she contributed to a system that bars ac-cess to vulnerable patients. Conversely, Vermont also has a Medicaid waiver that, combined with Vermont’s All Payer Waiver, has a goal of insuring all Vermonters. Vermont’s is the standard that we should all be trying to meet. I am not confident that Ms. Verma is up to the task. What is more concerning is how Ms. Verma fits into a world where Repub-licans are engaged in an effort to not only rip apart the Affordable Care Act, but also to end the Medicaid Program as we know it. The current proposals before the House of Representatives would cut hundreds of billions of dol-lars from Medicaid, leaving States in the lurch and causing millions to go uninsured or to have substandard care. As Republicans continue these efforts, it will be critical for the Administrator of CMS to understand and care about the impacts of such efforts on the mil-lions of Americans who rely on these health protections day to day. Confirming someone with such a lack of experience to run a trillion-dollar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.017 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1764 March 13, 2017 
agency would be unfair to the Amer-ican people. And as a core player in the effort to unravel the Affordable Care Act, she demonstrates values that are counter to the very agency which has been supported and improved by key provisions in the law. I do not believe Seema Verma is qualified or fit to serve as the Administrator of CMS, and I encourage all Members to join me in opposing her nomination. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, is a major part of the Department of Health and Human Services. A third of the Na-tion—more than 100 million Ameri-cans—get access to quality healthcare through CMS’s programs—Medicare, Medicaid, the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, and the Affordable Care Act Marketplace. CMS also includes the Center for Medicare and Medicare Innovation and several other activities to improve access and affordability in our Nation’s health system for all Americans—regardless of income, gen-der, or health status. President Trump, Secretary Price, and congressional Republicans seek to drastically restructure our Nation’s healthcare, threatening to leave mil-lions without coverage. In the face of that threat, we need a CMS Adminis-trator who knows how to lead CMS and is willing to do whatever she can to protect Americans’ healthcare. After hearing from several organizations that deal directly with CMS and famil-iarizing myself with President Trump’s nominee, I cannot support the nomina-tion of Seema Verma for this impor-tant role. Ms. Verma does not have the experi-ence or appropriate knowledge needed to head this vital agency. Her limited scope of experience with just Medicaid, lack of familiarity with Medicare, and willingness to restructure CMS’s rules that protect millions are cause for deep concern. If confirmed, Ms. Verma would man-age 85 percent of the HHS’s $1 trillion budget, which in turn is more than a quarter of the Federal Government’s, and Ms. Verma would oversee 4,000 em-ployees. Running CMS requires signifi-cant experience with healthcare and is best done by a person who has held sig-nificant positions in private industry and government. But nothing in Ms. Verma’s career shows her to have the skills to operate a budget or team of this magnitude. She has never managed a large organi-zation and has little experience with Medicare. Ms. Verma has operated a small, 10-person company, SVC, Inc., and consulted on various State Med-icaid programs. Her experience is inad-equate for the important role for which President Trump nominated her. The next CMS Administrator will have an important voice forming healthcare policy. HHS Secretary Price has been on the forefront of efforts to slash Medicaid and turn Medicare into a voucher program. President Trump, Secretary Price, and congressional Re-publicans have made it a priority to re-peal the Affordable Care Act. We need a CMS Administrator who will provide a reality check in the face of these reckless proposals. We need a CMS Ad-ministrator who will work to uphold President Trump’s promise that ‘‘there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.’’ Ms. Verma, however, could not make that commitment during her Senate Finance Committee confirmation hear-ing. To the contrary, during her hear-ing, Ms. Verma expressed openness to block-granting Medicaid or instilling per-capita caps—putting the coverage of nearly 70 million vulnerable Ameri-cans at stake. These policies would end the Federal guarantee of matching funds to States and would dramatically cut Federal funding to States. Ana-lyzing a 2012 congressional Republican block grant proposal, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that, for States to manage their Med-icaid programs at reduced funding lev-els, they would have to limit Medicaid eligibility, reduce benefits, cut pay-ment rates, or increase out-of-pocket costs for beneficiaries. These proposals would result in the denial of healthcare and long-term care to millions of vul-nerable Americans. We need a leader at CMS who will de-fend the historic gains of the Afford-able Care Act The Affordable Care Act set standards for consumer protection and significantly expanded coverage. Repeal could cause 22 million Ameri-cans—and 400,000 Marylanders—to lose quality, affordable health coverage. Repeal would imperil new access to life saving substance-use-disorder and men-tal health treatment Repeal would en-danger coverage for children who now have access to comprehensive health services. Repeal could significantly raise premiums and erode consumer protections for Americans who have coverage outside of the Marketplace. Under the Affordable Care Act, insur-ance plans must provide maternity care as an essential health benefit. But during her nomination hearing, Mrs. Verma said that, while some women want maternity coverage, ‘‘some women might not choose that,’’ sig-naling her view that the law should not require insurance companies to provide this critical coverage. This is unac-ceptable. Ms. Verma’s position would put the health of mothers and families at risk and drive up costs for plans that did provide the coverage. We will not turn back the clock to when mater-nity coverage was optional. We need an Administrator who will stand with mothers and families on this issue. Because of Ms. Verma’s lack of ade-quate healthcare experience and her willingness to consider rash policies that are far out of the mainstream, I do not believe that she is equipped to appropriately advise the President and Secretary on these policies that affect millions of Americans. I will not sup-port her nomination to head CMS. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
TRIBUTE TO DR . JIM ROLLINS  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I rise today to honor Dr. Jim Rollins, an Arkansan who has dedicated his life to public education. Dr. Rollins is the su-perintendent of the Springdale, AR, public schools, where he has served since 1980. Dr. Rollins started his career in the classroom as a science teacher in North Little Rock. Since that time, he has consistently sought to provide students with a quality education. The work he has done leading Springdale’s public schools speaks for itself. Dr. Rollins’ motto when it comes to education is ‘‘Teach them all.’’ This worthy goal has been especially impor-tant in Springdale, where enrollment has grown from 5,000 students when Dr. Rollins arrived in 1980 to nearly 23,000 students today. Many of these students are part of immigrant families where English is not their first language. More than 55 percent of the district’s students are not proficient in English, and around 75 percent qualify for free and reduced lunches. As you might imagine, this has presented unique challenges to educators in Springdale. In order to meet these challenges and ensure that the school system is doing everything it can to provide these stu-dents with a great education, Dr. Rol-lins has introduced innovative pro-grams that cater to immigrant fami-lies, including the unique Marshallese population in Springdale. As superintendent, Dr. Rollins has fostered an atmosphere where families feel welcome and understood so that parents, students, teachers, and admin-istrators are working together to cre-ate a supportive environment that leads to growth in the classroom. In the spirit of engaging the entire family in the education of every child, Dr. Rollins has helped lead an effort in Springdale’s schools to promote English as a second language instruc-tion for students and parents. This year, Dr. Rollins is once again being recognized for his outstanding ef-forts in the achievements Springdale public schools have enjoyed under his leadership. Dr. Rollins is being recog-nized as one of Education Week’s 2017 Leaders to Learn From, which high-lights forward-thinking district leaders who are working to enact and inspire change in our Nation’s public schools. Dr. Rollins is certainly very deserving of this honor. You only need to look at the work he has done over several dec-ades to understand that he has dedi-cated his professional life to improving public education outcomes for every child in the Springdale education dis-trict. The teachers and parents in his district have also had wonderful things to say about Dr. Rollins and his leader-ship in their community. I am so pleased that his trailblazing work in Springdale public schools is being no-ticed by national education organiza-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.017 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1765 March 13, 2017 
Dr. Rollins has made Arkansas very proud, and we are so grateful for his leadership and commitment to edu-cating children no matter where they come from or their station in life. I am honored to know Dr. Rollins, appre-ciate his friendship, and look forward to his continued stewardship of the public school system in Springdale and the positive influence he has on edu-cation throughout Arkansas. Congratulations, Dr. Rollins, on a job well done. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, the hard numbers are now in on TrumpCare, and there is no sugar-coating them for the American people, as 24 million Americans get kicked off their insurance plans, as $880 billion is slashed from Medicaid in the first dec-ade, and as a payday worth hundreds of billions of dollars goes out to the wealthiest and the special interests. That is what is going to be dropped on Ms. Verma’s plate if she is confirmed and if the bill passes. It is her nomina-tion that is up for debate right now, and we should make no mistake that she is going to be in charge of the spe-cifics. If TrumpCare passes, under section 132, the new Administrator would be able to give States a green light to push sick patients into high-risk pools when the historical record shows that these high-risk pools are a failure when it comes to offering good coverage that is affordable. The new Administrator would be in charge of section 134 and could decide exactly how skimpy TrumpCare plans would be and how many more Ameri-cans would be forced to pay out-of- pocket for the care they need. The new Administrator would handle section 135, which paves the way for health insurers to make coverage more expensive for those who are approach-ing retirement age. That is just the start. The fact is that TrumpCare is about enormous tax breaks for the fortunate few, financed by raiding Medicare, gut-ting Medicaid, and hurting older people and the sick and those who are of mod-est income. Ms. Verma would have the job of implementing all of this at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. My view is that the Senate cannot debate this nomination without debat-ing the matter of the TrumpCare pro-gram itself because it will be a very huge part of the job. Today, I am going to walk through some of the specifics with regard to TrumpCare, beginning with the scheme that I call ‘‘Robin Hood in reverse.’’ If you look at the funds, it is clear that this is an eye-popping transfer of wealth away from older people, from women and kids—from the most vul-nerable—directly into the wallets of the fortunate few. No part of the TrumpCare bill shows this more clearly than the fact that it steals from the Medicare trust fund to pay for a tax cut that goes only to the most fortu-nate—only to those who make a quar-ter million dollars or more per year. Everybody in America who brings home a paycheck has a little bit taken out each and every time for Medicare. It is right there on the pay stub. It is automatic. Under TrumpCare, the only people who are going to see a Medicare tax cut are the people who need it the least. I want to repeat that. Everybody in America, when one gets a paycheck, sees a Medicare tax, and everybody pays it, and we understand why it is so important. There are going to be 10,000 people turning 65 every day for years and years to come. The only people who are going to get that Medicare tax cut are the people who need it the least, and that tax cut that is going to go to the fortunate few will take 3 years off of the life of the Medicare Program, depleting the program in 2025 instead of in 2028. That particular cut breaks a clear Trump promise not to harm Medicare. All through the campaign, then-Can-didate Trump was very, very firm in his saying that he would do no harm to Medicare. He said: 
You can’t get rid of Medicare. Medicare’s a program that works . . . I’m going to fix it and make it better, but I’m not going to cut it. 
The promise not to cut Medicare lasted about 6
1⁄2weeks into the Trump administration before it was broken. The bottom line is that TrumpCare raids Medicare. It raids Medicare and causes harm to Medicare in violation of an explicit Trump promise during the campaign, and it brings Medicare 3 years closer to a crisis to pay for a tax cut for the wealthiest in America. So you have this enormous, eye-pop-ping transfer of wealth from working people, seniors, and people of modest means to the most fortunate. Yet, somehow, people have the chutzpah to say it is a healthcare bill? I do not think so. It is a huge, huge tax windfall for the fortunate. There is also the tax break on invest-ment income. Once again, this is a break that is going to only go to the most fortunate among us, and, with the investment tax break, the over-whelming majority of the benefit— nearly two-thirds of it—will go to the top one-tenth of one percent of earners in America. That looks like an awful lot of money that is going to be going to the fortunate few, but we are not even done there. On top of all of this, there is yet an-other juicy tax—this time for health insurance executives’ salaries. It is an-other juicy tax cut for executives who are making over $500,000 per year. It is not just Medicare that is getting raided under this proposal. Some of those who are hit the hardest by TrumpCare are those who are ap-proaching retirement age. If you are an older American and are of modest in-come—55 or 60—and you have to get in-surance in the private market, TrumpCare is going to cause your prices to go through the stratosphere. In parts of my home State, especially in rural areas, a 60-year-old who brings home $30,000 a year could see his insur-ance costs go up by $8,000 or more. Much of this is due to what we call an age tax. It is a key part of TrumpCare. It is another key part of what Ms. Verma will be in charge of implementing. The bill would give health insurance companies the green light to charge older people five times as much as they charge younger peo-ple. If you are a person of modest means, are a few years away from qualifying for Medicare, and your in-surance premiums jump by $8,000, that means you are just out of luck. You are going to be locked out of the system. You are, basically, going to have to hope that you just do not get sick be-fore you are eligible for Medicare. Those tax credits that you hear so much about from TrumpCare advocates are not going to be of much consola-tion to you. That is because TrumpCare puts a hard cap on your tax credit as an older person—just $4,000— and the odds are good that it would not come close to covering the expense of a decent insurance plan. Now, I am going to turn to Medicaid because TrumpCare does not just make little changes around the margins. It does not strengthen or preserve this program that covers 74 million Ameri-cans. TrumpCare hits Medicaid like a wrecking ball, and it has particular im-plications for seniors. I am going to walk through those. The Medicaid nursing home benefit is very much at risk now because of the TrumpCare cuts as it relates to Med-icaid. Medicaid picks up the bill for two out of three nursing home pa-tients. These are the people who have worked a lifetime, raised kids, put them through school, and scrimped and saved all they could. These are the peo-ple who, in Kansas and in Oregon and across the country, never went on the special vacation, who never bought a boat. All they did was to try to scrimp and save and educate their kids. The fact is that growing old in America is pricey, and after a few years of bal-ancing the rent bill against the food bill and the food bill against the med-ical costs, what happens is that a lot of seniors just exhaust their savings. When I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, what I saw in my State—and it is duplicated every-where—was older people walking every single week on an economic tightrope. They were balancing the food bills against the medical bills and the med-ical bills against the rent bills, and they just couldn’t keep up. They burn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.024 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1766 March 13, 2017 
through all of their funds and they burn through their modest savings, so when it is time to pay for nursing home care, they have to turn to Med-icaid. Today in America, the Medicaid nursing home benefit is a guarantee that those vulnerable older people—the people who are walking on that eco-nomic tightrope—are going to be taken care of. TrumpCare breaks the Med-icaid nursing home guarantee, and it goes even further than that. A lot of States—mine is one—worked hard to give more care choices to seniors as well as those with disabilities. Maybe instead of living in a nursing home or an institution, they would rather be in the community. Maybe they would rather live at home where they are most comfortable. TrumpCare could mean that those home- and commu-nity-based choices could disappear as well. So what we are talking about is that with these cuts in Medicaid, at a time when, in Kansas and in Oregon and across the country—what we have tried to build for older people is a continuum of services. There would be help at home. There would be help in terms of long-term care facilities. There would be a wide array of choices. And because of Medicaid, there was enough money to fund these choices, to fund this con-tinuum of care for vulnerable older people. Now, as a result of the Medicaid cutbacks, my concern is that there is not going to be enough money for any of these choices—not going to be enough money for the nursing home benefit, not going to be enough money for home- and community-based serv-ices. Suffice it to say that my own home State has indicated to me that they are very concerned about the cut-back in home- and community-based services. Nobody wants to see older people get nickled and dimed for the basics in home care they rely on and good nurs-ing home benefits. Yet, when it comes to Medicaid, TrumpCare would effec-tively end the program as it exists today, shredding the healthcare safety net for older people and millions of others in our country. It puts an expiration date on the Medicaid coverage that millions of Americans got through the Affordable Care Act. For many, it was the first time they had health insurance. It brought an end to an era where those individuals could turn only to emer-gency rooms for care. And now TrumpCare is going to cap the Med-icaid budget and just squeeze it and squeeze it and squeeze it some more until vulnerable people will not be able to get care. The program is particularly impor-tant for seniors and the disabled, and I want to make sure that people under-stand what it means for children as well, for those in the dawn of life as well as those in the twilight of life. Medicaid pays for half of all births, and kids make up half of Medicaid’s en-rollees. It is important to remember that in many cases, these are kids who already have the odds stacked against them. They are from low-income fami-lies. They are foster kids. They are kids with disabilities. We know they are already facing an uphill climb. Medicaid, though, has been there now with the Affordable Care Act to make sure they could see family practi-tioners and even pediatric specialists. That was just unheard of for these youngsters before the Affordable Care Act. And when a kid needs emergency care, Medicaid is what makes it afford-able. TrumpCare puts that in danger. I have talked about what it means for older people and what it means for the disabled and what it means for kids, and I am just going to keep on going because now that we have the hard numbers in—the hard numbers have arrived here in real time from the budget office that is charged with giv-ing us this analysis—it is important to talk about what it means, because budgets are not just facts and figures and cold sheets of paper; they are about people’s hopes and aspirations. And the hopes and aspirations that I have had since those days when I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers were to make sure that people had af-fordable, quality, decent healthcare choices because in America, if you don’t have your health, you really are missing much of what makes life so special in our country. The bill also takes an enormous toll in other areas, and I want to mention next opioid abuse. By slashing Med-icaid, TrumpCare is going to make America’s epidemic of prescription drug abuse-related deaths even worse. The papers this morning had ac-counts about how families were losing most of their children to opioid addic-tion—most of their children lost to opioid addiction—on the front pages of the papers. Medicaid is a key source of coverage for mental health and sub-stance abuse disorder treatment, par-ticularly after the Affordable Care Act, but this bill takes away the coverage for millions who need it. Republican State lawmakers, to their credit, have spoken out about this issue. Frankly, it just ought to be a head-scratcher for anybody who re-members the last Presidential race when, in the primary race, a parade of candidates rolled through State after State that had been hit hard by the opioid crisis, and all of those can-didates were trying to outpromise the one who had spoken previously in terms of how they would help solve the opioid crisis. Then-Candidate Trump was one of the most outspoken on say-ing that he would fix the opioid crisis. He said he was the guy who could end the scourge of drug addiction and get Americans the help they need. Instead, what we have is TrumpCare, which makes the opioid crisis worse, and there is no getting around it. TrumpCare puts States in the un-imaginable position of having to decide whose Medicaid to slash. Are they going to tell seniors that the nursing home benefit is no longer a guarantee and they are going to have to get in a long waiting line for an opportunity to get a place in the local nursing home? Should they tell pregnant women that births are no longer covered? What about telling mothers and fathers that their kids are cut off and they will have to hope for the best or make their way back to the emergency room? I also want to touch on a final point that really deserves some discussion and hasn’t gotten much, and the fi-nance staff has been looking at it; that is, how TrumpCare really creates a dis-incentive to work, because I think TrumpCare and Ms. Verma’s role im-plementing it are going to have a sub-stantial effect on American workers and entrepreneurs. It is my view that TrumpCare creates a substantial, significant disincentive to work. Today, if you are on Medicaid, you are able to pick up a few extra hours at work or go out and accept a higher paying job without the fear that you will lose access to care. That is be-cause under the Affordable Care Act, low-income Americans get the most help when it comes to paying insurance premiums. A lot of persons can get health insurance for less than $100 a month. Let’s compare that with the TrumpCare approach. Under the TrumpCare plan, those who are walk-ing an economic tightrope, bringing home barely more than the minimum wage, don’t get the most help. They don’t get the most help, and they could see their insurance costs go up by thousands and thousands of dollars each year, which would effectively mean they would be locked out of the healthcare system. So for millions of persons, staying on Medicaid would suddenly look a lot more attractive. Making a little more money and losing your Medicaid coverage could mean losing your access to high-quality healthcare altogether. So my view is nobody has been able to counter this. TrumpCare, in effect, would keep Americans trapped in poverty. Entrepreneurs and Americans who want to go back to school to pursue a degree would face the same dilemma. Somebody who wants to quit their job and pursue their dream of starting their own business ought to be able to do it without a fear that they won’t be able to any longer afford healthcare. The same goes for those who want to go back to school full time to pursue a degree or certification. TrumpCare makes insurance unaffordable for those persons. TrumpCare is going to be the big issue on Ms. Verma’s plate if she is confirmed this afternoon in the Senate to administer this office. We all under-stand that this bill has been taking a pounding from all sides. Moderate Re-publicans and those who consider themselves conservative Republicans are against it. Governors from both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.026 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1767 March 13, 2017 
parties are against it. Democrats are united. The AARP, the American Hos-pital Association, the American Med-ical Association, and the American Nurses Association have all come out against the bill—not any surprise to me. I don’t think these groups think that healthcare and healthcare legisla-tion is primarily about ladling out big tax breaks for the fortunate few, but that is what this so-called healthcare bill does. And it is financed by raiding Medicare, by gutting Medicaid, and by hurting older and sicker and lower in-come Americans. There has been a lot of happy talk about why we ought to support this bill, but what I have tried to do this afternoon is lay out the broken prom-ises. This weekend, for example, the new Secretary of Health and Human Services said: ‘‘I firmly believe that nobody will be worse off financially in the process that we’re going through, understanding that they’ll have choices, that they can select the kind of coverage they want for themselves and for their family.’’ That statement from the Secretary of Health and Human Services is disconnected from the facts. The simple math shows that TrumpCare forces millions of people— particularly older people and less afflu-ent people—to pay thousands of dollars more for their health insurance. The OMB Director, Mick Mulvaney, was pressed on why TrumpCare breaks the President’s promise of ‘‘insurance for everybody.’’ His response was that TrumpCare is about access, and the bill ‘‘helps people get healthcare instead of just coverage.’’ But we all understand that access doesn’t mean a lot if people can’t afford to get coverage. That is the future that TrumpCare is going to bring for millions of Americans. I asked Ms. Verma the most basic questions during her confirmation hearing so we could get even a little bit of an insight into how she would ap-proach these issues. I asked for one ex-ample—these are not ‘‘gotcha’’ ques-tions; these are the questions you ask if you want to know about running a program involving $1 trillion. I asked Ms. Verma for one example of what to do to bring down the cost of prescrip-tion medicine. I gave her three or four to choose from. I particularly would like to see more transparency by lift-ing this cloud of darkness surrounding how medicines are priced. She didn’t have any answers to any of these ques-tions. So here is where this nomination stands. Ms. Verma gave the Finance Committee and the public virtually nothing to go by in terms of how she would approach this job, but the fact is that, if confirmed, she would be one of the top officials to implement TrumpCare—a bill that raids Medicare, slashes Medicaid, and kicks millions of Americans off their health plan to pay for a tax cut for the wealthy. I am unable to support this nomina-tion, and I urge my colleagues to op-pose it. Mr. President, over the past decade, the Trump administration’s nominee to be CMS Administrator, Seema Verma, has demonstrated a conflicting pattern of working directly for the State of Indiana on its health programs while also contracting with a handful of companies that provided hundreds of millions of dollars in services and prod-ucts to the very same programs she was helping the state manage. Those companies are Hewlett Pack-ard, Health Management Associates, Milliman, Inc., Maximus, and Roche Diagnostics. All were vendors to the State’s Healthy Indiana Program agen-cies, while Ms. Verma helped design and direct that Program—first for Gov-ernor Daniels and then for Governor Pence. As she describes her role on her company’s website, ‘‘Ms. Verma is the architect the Healthy Indiana Plan (HIP), the Nation’s first consumer di-rected Medicaid program under Gov-ernor Mitch Daniels of Indiana and Governor Pence’s HIP 2.0 waiver pro-posal. Ms. Verma has supported Indi-ana through development of the his-toric program since its inception in 2007, from development of the enabling legislation, negotiating the financing plan with the state’s hospital associa-tion, developing the federal waiver, supporting federal negotiations and leading the implementation of the pro-gram, including the operational de-sign.’’ Ms. Verma collected more than $6 million from Indiana taxpayers while overseeing the State’s Medicaid reform and ACA implementation. At the same time, while under contract with the State as a consultant, Ms. Verma also collected more than $1.6 million from Milliman Actuaries, more than $1 mil-lion from Hewlett Packard, $300,000 from Health Management Associates, and tens of thousands of dollars from Roche Diagnostics and Maximus. All while these companies held important contracts with the State. In addition to being on ‘‘both sides of the table,’’ in at least two cases involv-ing her contracts with Hewlett Pack-ard and Health Management Associ-ates—her duties for the State of Indi-ana overlapped directly with the tasks those firms were also billing the state to complete. While there are questions about Ms. Verma’s work for the several compa-nies above, I want to focus for the mo-ment on what I believe to be the clear-est conflict: her work on behalf of Hew-lett Packard. Hewlett Packard Conflicts. In 2014, the Indianapolis Star newspaper re-ported: 
‘‘Verma’s work has included the design of the Healthy Indiana Plan, a consumer-driven insurance program for low-income Hoosiers now being touted nationally as an alter-native to Obamacare. In all, Verma and her small consulting firm, SVC Inc., have re-ceived more than $3.5 million in state con-tracts. At the same time, Verma has worked for one of the state’s largest Medicaid ven-dors—a division of Silicon Valley tech giant Hewlett-Packard. That company agreed to pay Verma more than $1 million and has landed more than $500 million in state con-tracts during her tenure as Indiana’s go-to health-care consultant.’’ While this in and of itself is deeply concerning, Indiana state contract records show that Ms. Verma was in-strumental in helping the state deter-mine this contract was even necessary in the first place. Let me say that again: Ms. Verma, in her role of advising Indiana, helped the state determine there was a need for the services of a vendor like Hewlett Packard. She then joined the company on a bid to provide those services, re-ceived a contract, and was ultimately paid more than $1 million. Hewlett Packard bought the company that originally contracted with the state, Electronic Data Systems in 2008. That company, in a January 2008 press re-lease characterized the Indiana con-tract in this way: 
‘‘‘The EDS solution will provide Indiana with enhanced transparency as it imple-ments Gov. Mitch Daniels’ package of Med-icaid reforms such as the Healthy Indiana Plan . . .’ ‘At the conclusion of the procure-ment process, it was evident that EDS was able to bring great value and experience to the taxpayers of Indiana,’ said Mitch Roob, Family and Social Services Administration Secretary. ‘The technology and insight that EDS has to offer will be a tremendous asset as we continue to make great strides in new, innovative programs, such as the Healthy In-diana Plan.’’’ 
Ms. Verma helped Indiana outline Medicaid reform policy goals as State contractor before joining a vendor in its bid to fulfill those duties—and then remained a paid participant on both sides. Furthermore, it appears that Ms. Verma was billing Hewlett Packard and Indiana, in some cases, for the same work she was already performing under her own contracts with the State. In written responses for the record to the Finance Committee, Ms. Verma provided a 2013 presentation from Hewlett Packard and herself to Indiana health program executives. The presentation identified several functions that Ms. Verma would pro-vide to the State through the Hewlett Packard contract. Many of those duties are exceptionally similar to duties the State had already contracted with her directly to provide in 2012 and 2013. For example, that 2013 presentation outlined specific duties HP was paying her to perform that included: moni-toring the Federal regulatory environ-ment, providing Medicaid policy exper-tise, and supporting Indiana’s State Plan Amendment waivers and process. These were things Verma was already under contract to provide the state di-rectly. On February 21, 2012, Verma’s firm was contracted by the State to review Federal regulations that would impact Indiana’s Healthy Indiana Plan. On May 13, 2013, she was contracted to provide the State with advice on the impact of new ACA regulations related to Medicaid. To me, that sounds a lot like moni-toring the federal regulatory environ-ment in the HP presentation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.027 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1768 March 13, 2017 
Under the February 21, 2012 contract, Verma’s firm was contracted by the State to provide general policy exper-tise to the Healthy Indiana Program— also known as Indiana’s Medicaid pro-gram. To me, that sounds a lot like pro-viding Medicaid policy expertise in the HP presentation. Under this same February 21, 2012 contract, Verma’s firm was contracted by the State to develop State Plan Amendments and waivers—these are the agreement between the State and Federal Governments that ensures the State adheres to Federal rules for Med-icaid and CHIP. To me, that sounds a lot like sup-porting Indiana’s State Plan Amend-ment waivers and process in the HP presentation. Ms. Verma has not addressed how being paid twice for what appears to be largely similar work was ethical. She has, however, consistently denied that any conflicts of interest existed while she worked both sides of these deals in Indiana. During her confirmation hear-ing before the Senate Finance Com-mittee on February 16, 2017, Ms. Verma claimed she had her staff recused themselves when potential conflicts arose: 
‘‘When there was the potential or when we were working on programs, we would recuse ourselves. So we were never in a position where we were negotiating on behalf of HP or any other contractor with the state that we had a relationship with.’’ 
That all sounds well and good but that claim has been disputed by the former head of Indiana’s Family and Social Services Agency. As first re-ported in 2014 by the Indianapolis Star, 
‘‘Verma’s arrangement with HP also came as a surprise to former FSSA Secretary Debra Minott, who said she learned about it sometime in 2013. ‘We had delayed paying an HP invoice because of an issue we were try-ing to resolve, and HP sent Seema to our CFO to resolve the issue on their behalf,’ Minott said. ‘I was troubled because I thought Seema was our consultant.’’’ 
Ms. Minott made this allegation again just last month in a February 14, 2017 story by the Associated Press about Ms. Verma’s conflicts, 
‘‘There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when she was dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot. ‘It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors,’ said Minot, who was removed as head of the agen-cy by Pence over her disagreements with Verma. ‘It was just shocking to me that she could play both sides.’’’ 
Additionally, in response to ques-tions for the record that I submitted to Ms. Verma, she said that her firm worked directly with HP for the state, and that representatives from SVC par-ticipated in meetings between the state and HP, 
‘‘SVC worked with the State of Indiana and its vendors, including HP, to design sys-tems for implementation of the Healthy In-diana Plan. We helped vendors translate the policy and waiver language into system oper-ations. We did not oversee HP or any other vendor in this regard, and did not negotiate or participate in change orders or contract amendments. To the best of my recollection, State officials participated in all meetings with HP regarding the Healthy Indiana Plan work at which SVC representatives were also present.’’ That sounds to me like Ms. Verma and her team were in meetings with both HP and the State discussing issues where her duties clearly over-lapped and when she was being paid by both parties. In fact it sounds like the only safeguard in place was that State officials sat in on these meetings be-tween her firm and HP. Finally, with regard to her claim that she always recused herself, I spe-cifically asked her to provide for the record any documentation that she had of the process for determining when she needed to recuse herself and docu-mentation of the recusals actually tak-ing place. She replied that there were none. Consequently, it’s hard to believe Ms. Verma was truly able to avoid very real conflicts of interest while she and/ or her firm were guiding HP’s work on behalf of the State and sitting in on meetings with both the state and HP while being paid by both. In the case of Health Management Associates, Verma also had contracts with the state that covered the exact same work HMA was separately being paid by Indiana to fulfill and while she was also being paid by HMA. For exam-ple, in 2007, the State awarded Verma’s firm a non-competitive contract to de-velop the Request for Proposal for a company to implement the Governor’s Healthy Indiana Program. On the same day, Indiana gave HMA its own non- competitive contract to develop the very same proposal. This occurred while HMA was also paying Verma’s firm on a separate but related con-tract. Again, as in the case of HP, she was helping the State manage key pro-grams while being paid by contractors performing work for those programs. In this case, what she was doing for the State was essentially the same thing that the contractor was being paid to do—develop a Request for Proposal to implement the Healthy Indiana Plan. Ms. Verma claims there was no con-flict because she did not directly over-see these two contractors—HP and HMA—in her role with State. She also points to the fact that in 2012 she re-ceived an opinion from the Indiana Ethics Commission that stated her work for HP was not in violation of state conflict of interest laws because she was a consultant, not a State em-ployee. I do not believe that her work for the State and her work for these contrac-tors was a true arms-length relation-ship. As the Associated Press recently highlighted, Ms. Verma maintained an office in the State government center and that the AP characterized her work as ‘‘usually reserved for state ad-ministrators.’’ The existence of this opinion, in my view, does not absolve Ms. Verma from what look to be very clear and obvious conflicts of interest. I am not alone in this opinion, as President George W. Bush’s ethics law-yer Richard Painter—hardly a liberal partisan—said Ms. Verma’s consulting arrangement in Indiana, ‘‘clearly should not happen and is definitely im-proper.’’ Ms. Verma helped the State decide it needed a vendor like HP, and then went to work for HP on the re-sulting contract. She was also under contract with yet a third company— Health Management Associates—which was being paid to develop the Request for Proposal for the same contract. That certainly seems like a conflict of interest to me. When I asked her in writing whether she had obtained similar ethics opin-ions with regard to her work for any of the other state contractors who had hired her—Milliman, Roche Diagnostics, Maximus, or Health Man-agement Associates, she said she hadn’t. All of these companies continue to do business with the State of Indiana and with other State and Federal health programs that will be under Ms. Verma’s purview at CMS. Maximus, for example, is the largest provider of en-rollment services for these programs in the U.S. Just because Indiana chose to play fast and loose with conflicts of interest doesn’t mean that these practices were right. I have no confidence that Ms. Verma will take her responsibilities to avoid such conflicts at CMS any more seri-ously than she did in Indiana. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have the following documents printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[from INDYSTAR, Nov. 29, 2016] S
EEMA VERMA , POWERFUL STATE HEALTH - C
ARECONSULTANT , SERVES TWOBOSSES  (By Tony Cook) President-elect Donald Trump has tapped Seema Verma, a consultant who helped craft the state’s Healthy Indiana Plan, to serve as head of the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services. Verma worked closely to shape the health care policy of both former Gov. Mitch Daniels and Gov. Mike Pence. The health policy consulting company she heads, SVC Inc., also has provided its serv-ices to Iowa, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee and Michigan. A 2016 recipient of the Sagamore of the Wabash award, Verma also served as vice president of planning for the Health and Hospital Corporation of Marion County. She also holds a master’s of public health from Johns Hopkins University. Meet the architect of Gov. Mike Pence’s signature health-care plan, Seema Verma. For more than a decade, the little-known private consultant has quietly shaped much of Indiana’s public health-care policy. The state has paid her millions of dollars for her work—amid a potential conflict of interest that ethics experts say should concern tax-payers. Largely invisible to the public, Verma’s work has included the design of the Healthy Indiana Plan, a consumer-driven insurance program for low-income Hoosiers now being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.022 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1769 March 13, 2017 
touted nationally as an alternative to Obamacare. In all, Verma and her small con-sulting firm, SVC Inc., have received more than $3.5 million in state contracts. At the same time, Verma has worked for one of the state’s largest Medicaid vendors— a division of Silicon Valley tech giant Hew-lett-Packard. That company agreed to pay Verma more than $1 million and has landed more than $500 million in state contracts during her tenure as Indiana’s go-to health- care consultant, according to documents ob-tained by The Indianapolis Star. Verma’s dual roles raise an important question: Who is she working for when she advises the state on how to spend billions of dollars in Medicaid funds—Hoosier taxpayers or one of the state’s largest contractors? In a written statement, Verma said un-equivocally that she played no role in HP’s contracts with the state. ‘‘SVC has disclosed to both HP and the state the relationship with the other to be transparent,’’ Verma said. ‘‘If any issue between HP and the state presented a conflict between the two, I recused myself from the process.’’ But the recently ousted head of the state agency administering Verma’s contract told The Star that Verma once attempted to ne-gotiate with state officials on behalf of Hew-lett-Packard, while also being paid by the state. HP said it can find no one in its company with any recollection of such a meeting. Verma declined to answer further questions about her work with the state or HP. Verma’s dual roles have surprised some leading Republican lawmakers and expose one of many loopholes in Indiana’s govern-ment ethics laws. Ethics experts consulted by The Star called the arrangement a conflict of interest that potentially puts Indiana taxpayers at risk. If Verma were working for the federal government, they point out, she would have to show how the government was protected, or step aside. ‘‘If I were a taxpayer in Indiana, I would be concerned about whether the advice the gov-ernment was receiving from her was tainted by her own financial interest and the finan-cial interest of her other clients,’’ said Kath-leen Clark, a professor at Washington Uni-versity School of Law in St. Louis who spe-cializes in government ethics. But in Indiana, government consultants aren’t required to disclose such potential conflicts, even when they have offices in state government, as Verma does. So the nature of Verma’s work—and the extent to which it benefited HP—remains un-clear. HP referred any other questions on the matter to the state. Verma’s spokesman, Lou Gerig, noted in a statement that ‘‘all contracts between the state and SVC Inc., or between the state and SVC Inc. as a subcon-tractor, have been reviewed and approved in accordance with all requirements of state law.’’ Pence’s office issued a written statement in response to The Star’s questions. ‘‘Seema has played a valuable role in the state’s health-care policy since the O’Bannon administration, and we appreciate her advice and counsel, especially on the continuation of the Healthy Indiana Plan and HIP 2.0,’’ said Christy Denault, a spokeswoman for Pence. State officials didn’t directly address ques-tions about Verma’s work for HP. But James Gavin, spokesman for the Indiana Family and Social Services Administration, said the state does take steps to prevent conflicts in the bidding process. He said the state’s procurement guidelines ‘‘clearly require that all decision-making au-thority lie with state employees and agency executives. These guidelines are designed to eliminate conflicts of interest.’’ 
POWERFUL CONTRACTOR  Verma enjoys a tremendous amount of sway for a private contractor. She has her own office at the state government center. Earlier this year, Pence turned to her to broker a deal with the state’s hospital indus-try to help finance his plan to expand the Healthy Indiana Plan. And when Verma and one of Pence’s Cabinet members—Family and Social Services Administration Sec-retary Debra Minott—butted heads over how soon to roll out the program, it was Minott who lost her job. Verma’s influence reaches back at least a decade and across the administrations of four governors, two from each party. During his first term, Gov. Mitch Daniels tapped Verma to help create a new health-care plan to address the state’s uninsured population. Her solution: the Healthy Indiana Plan, a new low-income health insurance program that features high deductibles and requires participants to contribute a portion of their income to a health savings account. ‘‘This structure melds two themes of American society that typically collide in our health-care system, rugged individ-ualism and the Judeo-Christian ethic,’’ Verma wrote in a 2008 Health Affairs blog ar-ticle co-authored with former FSSA Sec-retary Mitch Roob. ‘‘HIP combines these dia-metrically opposed themes by promoting personal responsibility while providing sub-sidized health protection to those who can least afford it.’’ The plan won the support of both Repub-licans and Democrats in the Indiana legisla-ture and was implemented in January 2008. Today, 52,000 Hoosiers are enrolled in the program. Now, Pence wants to expand the plan to an additional 350,000 low-income Hoosiers through what he’s calling HIP 2.0. And like Daniels, he turned to Verma for help in de-veloping the plan and negotiating a financ-ing agreement with the state’s hospital in-dustry. If approved by the federal govern-ment, billions of new Medicaid funds would flow to the state. And because HIP 2.0 would generate sig-nificantly more claims, some of that money would likely go to Hewlett-Packard, Verma’s other client. The extent to which Verma’s advice has benefited HP is difficult to determine, given that none of the parties involved will talk much about the subject. Further obscuring the issue: Several of her most recent con-tracts weren’t publicly available on the state’s online transparency portal until The Star began making inquiries. Denault said that was because ‘‘some of them were mis-takenly coded as not for publication.’’ The contracts have since been added to the on-line list. What they show is that her duties involve crafting requirements for contractors. nego-tiating with contractors and supervising vendors. Her company’s website also says she provided ‘‘requirements for the state’s three technology vendors to support HIP.’’ That would include Hewlett-Packard. One con-tract gives her the authority to ‘‘initiate and/or track’’ a contract or contract amend-ments with the state’s fiscal intermediary, which is HP. Another puts her in charge of technical changes to the state’s medical management information system, which is operated by HP. Those responsibilities put Verma in the po-sition of making decisions about a state con-tractor that is also paying her hundreds of thousands of dollars. HP’s claims manage-ment and information system contracts show it has agreed since 2007 to pay Verma’s company $1.2 million as a subcontractor for ‘‘health consulting services.’’ During that time, HP received more than $500 million in state contracts, including millions of dollars in contract changes to ac-commodate the Healthy Indiana Plan that Verma helped create and other new pro-grams. ‘‘Certainly on the face of it, there is the appearance of a conflict,’’ said Trevor Brown, an expert on government purchasing and director of Ohio State University’s John Glenn School of Public Affairs. If Verma was a federal contractor, her dual roles ‘‘would certainly raise tremendous con-cern for regulators and purchasing officials,’’ he said. ‘‘This is exactly the kind of thing that would land an agency in a hearing be-fore a legislative oversight committee.’’ Lawmakers in Indiana, however, were un-aware of Verma’s work for HP. ‘‘I was only aware she was working for the state,’’ said Sen. Patricia Miller, R-Indianap-olis, chairwoman of the Senate Health Com-mittee. ‘‘There certainly appears to be the poten-tial for conflict, and appearances matter,’’ said Ed Clere, R-New Albany, chairman of the House Health Committee. Verma’s arrangement with HP also came as a surprise to former FSSA Secretary Debra Minott, who said she learned about it sometime in 2013. ‘‘We had delayed paying an HP invoice be-cause of an issue we were trying to resolve, and HP sent Seema to our CFO to resolve the issue on their behalf,’’ Minott said. ‘‘I was troubled because I thought Seema was our consultant.’’ HP spokesman Bill Ritz said the company ‘‘checked with a number of its employees and can find no one with any recollection of such a meeting.’’ Gerig, Verma’s spokesman, said Verma’s work for HP was a matter of public record because she is listed as a subcontractor in HP’s contracts with the state. 
A LACK OF RULES  Ethics experts say that kind of scenario would be unlikely at the federal level, where government purchasing officers are required to identify and avoid ‘‘organizational con-flicts of interest,’’ which occur when a per-son is unable or potentially unable to render impartial assistance or advice to the govern-ment because of other business relationships. Many states, including Maryland, Virginia, Minnesota and Illinois, have adopted similar rules at the state level, according to Dan Forman, a Washington, D.C.-based govern-ment procurement attorney. Other states, such as Tennessee and Washington, have im-plemented rules at the agency level. Still others, such as California and Maine, have introduced rules via standard state contract provisions. But in Indiana, that’s not the case. Minott said when she brought her concerns to FSSA’s ethics officer, she was told Indi-ana’s ethics rules didn’t apply to conflicts of interests among state contractors. The lack of any such rule is just the latest in a litany of loopholes that good govern-ment advocates say Indiana needs to address. In recent months, The Star has reported on several high-profile cases—including those of state Rep. Eric Turner, former highway offi-cial Troy Woodruff and former state schools chief Tony Bennett—where ethics officials criticized the behavior of public officials but took little or no action due to exemptions in state ethics rules. The issues raised in Verma’s case are not unique to Indiana, said Brown, the Ohio State professor. State governments across the country are increasingly grappling with potential conflicts of interest as more pri-vate contractors perform what has tradition-ally been government work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.023 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1770 March 13, 2017 
‘‘Historically, the practice was these deci-sions would be made by the leadership of the agency, and in many states they are,’’ he said. ‘‘But Indiana is not alone in having to rely on advice and services of a private actor to perform what is at the boundary of, if not a clear instance of, a government function.’’ State reliance on private contractors is es-pecially common in the health-care arena, where rapid changes in federal health-care law have put a premium on speed. And in-deed, several executive summaries of Verma’s contracts emphasize the need to quickly utilize her services amid the threat of losing federal grant money. ‘‘Over the short run, it sounds like you’re going to get speed,’’ Brown said. ‘‘And you may get some cost savings over the short run.’’ But in the long run, states can become de-pendent on private contractors, who can then jack up their prices. ‘‘They essentially become a monopoly, and there’s a risk that they can raise costs over time,’’ he said. Verma’s arrangement with the state demonstrates how difficult it can be to control such costs. An amendment to her contract in January added $300,000 without increasing her work-load or extending the term of the contract. The reason listed: ‘‘to cover claims.’’ State officials declined to elaborate. The hourly rates listed in her contracts also have increased over time, from $110 in 2007 to $135-$165 this year. Lawmakers expressed surprise when told by The Star that the state paid Verma’s company $1.15 million in the past year alone. ‘‘I had no idea her firm received that much money. I think it would come as a surprise to most legislators,’’ Clere said. ‘‘I think there’s a larger issue of transparency and ac-countability as the state increasingly relies on contractors, including consultants. I’m all for harnessing the power of the private sector, and the key word is ‘harness,’ which suggests the state is in control. The question here is, ‘Whose hands are on the reins?’ ‘‘ 
[From the Associated Press, Feb. 15, 2017] P
ICK FOR MEDICARE POSTFACES QUESTIONS  
ONINDIANA CONTRACTS  (By Brian Slodysko and Carla K. Johnson) I
NDIANAPOLIS .—President Donald Trump’s pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid ad-vised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while he was Indiana’s governor, a post she maintained amid a web of business arrangements—including one that ethics ex-perts say conflicted with her public duties. A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and her small Indianapolis- based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma’s consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere. Her firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate she also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation’s largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems. Last year, her firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Ken-tucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests. In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported she has an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of her confirmation. In a statement, a spokesman for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that she has the support of former offi-cials who served with her under Pence. Her firm was ‘‘completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest,’’ spokesman Marcus Barlow said in a state-ment. A spokesman for Pence did not respond to a request for comment. Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Wash-ington are aware of many of her consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about her philosophy about government enti-tlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization. As a trusted adviser to Pence, she had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state ad-ministrators. Verma was also widely re-spected for her grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake his own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act. Verma did not specifically address how she would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined her plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should she be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Her rela-tionship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014. Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma’s work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where her loyalties lay—to the company, or to state taxpayers. Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush’s chief ethics lawyer, called Verma’s arrangement a ‘‘conflict of interest’’ that ‘‘clearly should not happen and is definitely improper.’’ Such arrangements are typically prohib-ited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana’s ethics rules and laws, but they’re murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state em-ployees in a GOP bid to drive down the num-ber of public employees, distinctions be-tween the two can be hard to discern. ‘‘She was cloaked with so much responsi-bility and so much authority, people thought she was a state employee,’’ said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana’s Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma. Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma’s dual employ-ment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It’s also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, he said. ‘‘If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can’t negotiate hard for both sides,’’ said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker. There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when she was dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot. ‘‘It was never clear to me until that mo-ment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key con-tractors,’’ said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over her dis-agreements with Verma. ‘‘It was just shock-ing to me that she could play both sides.’’ State contracts show Verma’s duties to In-diana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement she held with the state’s so-cial services agency required her to ‘‘provide technical assistance’’ to state contractors, as well as the governor’s office. Another duty was ‘‘contract development and nego-tiation’’ with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises Verma reported her salary with SVC is $480,000 and her business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million. [From Electronic Data Systems Corporation, Jan. 7, 2008] I
NDIANA AWARDS EDS N EW$209 M ILLION  M
EDICAID CONTRACT  
AGREEMENT EXTENDS 16 -YEAR RELATIONSHIP  
WITH HOOSIER STATE  I
NDIANAPOLIS .—EDS, Indiana’s Medicaid partner since 1991, has been awarded a $209.9 million, six-and-a-half-year contract to up-grade and continue to maintain the state’s Medicaid Management Information System. The new contract will leverage EDS’ lead-ing-edge interchange Health System, which serves as an industry model and is in oper-ation or being implemented in more than a dozen states, including Kansas, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Kentucky. Among the up-grades are a Web-based tool that will enable health care providers to electronically enroll in the Medicaid program as well as a number of internal processes. EDS will continue as fiscal agent to the state and its 27,000 health care providers, who care for more than 800,000 recipients and comprise the nation’s 17th-largest Medicaid program. The agreement includes a seven-month phase to design, develop, test and implement the additional features followed by a six- year management term. The contract, which was signed in late De-cember, extends a 16-year relationship be-tween EDS and Indiana. The EDS solution will provide Indiana with enhanced transparency as it imple-ments Gov. Mitch Daniels package of Med-icaid reforms such as the Healthy Indiana Plan, which provides health coverage to pre-viously uninsured Indiana residents, and the movement of aged, blind and disabled resi-dents to a care management model. It also will continue claims processing coverage for other Indiana health programs. ‘‘At the conclusion of the procurement process, it was evident that EDS was able to bring great value and experience to the tax-payers of Indiana,’’ said Mitch Roob, Family and Social Services Administration Sec-retary. ‘‘The technology and insight that EDS has to offer will be a tremendous asset as we continue to make great strides in new, innovative programs, such as the Healthy In-diana Plan.’’ ‘‘As Indiana’s technology partner for more than a decade and a half, EDS understands the Healthy Indiana Plan and the state’s goal to cover its uninsured residents,’’ said Sean Kenny, vice president, EDS Global Health Care. ‘‘Our continued relationship will provide stability not only for the cur-rent Medicaid program, but also for future reforms.’’ ‘‘Long relationships are reflections of earned trust and understanding of cultures and goals,’’ said Barbara Anderson, vice president, EDS U.S. Government Health Care. ‘‘Over the years, Indiana and EDS to-gether have delivered program efficiencies to enable reforms and help push forward vital, new programs to improve health outcomes for Hoosiers.’’ EDS is the nation’s largest provider of Medicaid and Medicare process management services, administering more than $100 bil-lion in benefits a year. EDS processes about 1 billion Medicaid claims annually, more than any other company, and provides fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.023 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1771 March 13, 2017 
agent services/Medicaid information tech-nology support for 21 states. Through its global healthcare services and solutions, EDS touches more than 200 million patient lives each day. 
ABOUT EDS  EDS (NYSE: EDS) is a leading global tech-nology services company delivering business solutions to its clients. EDS founded the in-formation technology outsourcing industry 45 years ago. Today, EDS delivers a broad portfolio of information technology and business process outsourcing services to cli-ents in the manufacturing, financial serv-ices, healthcare, communications, energy, transportation, and consumer and retail in-dustries and to governments around the world. Learn more at eds.com. The statements in this news release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding the amount of new contract values, are forward-looking state-ments within the meaning of the federal se-curities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond EDS’ control, which could cause actual results to differ materi-ally from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see EDS’ most recent Form 10–R. EDS disclaims any intention or obligation to update or re-vise any forward-looking statements, wheth-er as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
[From Hewlett-Packard Development Company, Nov. 21, 2013] FSSA E
XECUTIVE TOUR (By John Wanchick) 
PRESENTERS  John Wanchick, Account Executive; Scott Mack, HPES Regional Manager, State Health and Human Services; Jason Schenk, HPES Sales; Heather Lee, Claims Director; Doug Weinberg, CFO and Third Party Liabil-ity Director; Sandra Lowe, Provider and Member Services Director; Rebecca Siewert, Managed Care Director; Beth Steele, Long Term Care Director; Lisa Pierce, Audit and Compliance Director; Maureen Hoffmeyer, Publications Director; Patrick Hogan, Sys-tem Director; Darren Overfelt, ITO Director; Bev Goodgame, PMO and Business Analysis Director; Julie Sloma, DDI Project Manager; Pat Steele, Operations Manager; Seema Verma, Executive Healthcare Policy Con-sultant. 
INDIANA CORE MMIS HP -SVC PARTNERSHIP  Provides innovative services to support Medicaid Policy; External Scan: Monitoring federal regulatory environment, Financial, demographic, utilization, public health data, Best practices; Support Goal & Objective Setting Process; Develop and Maintain Pro-gram Policy; State Plan Maintenance: Sup-port with State plan and waivers. 
MARCH 30, 2012. Ethics Opinion D
EAR MS. V ERMA : Thank you for con-tacting our office. I understand you are re-questing ethics advice to determine whether a conflict of interest would arise under the Indiana Code of Ethics set forth in 41 I.A.C. 1–5 (‘‘Code of Ethics’’) if SVC, Inc. d/b/a Seema Verma Consulting (‘‘SVC’’) entered into a consulting agreement with Hewlett- Packard Company (‘‘HP’’) to assist HP on a contract HP has and/or would have with the Indiana Family and Social Services Adminis-tration (‘‘FSSA’’). In your inquiry, you ex-plain that SVC is an Indiana Corporation that provides a range of consulting services on health policy, including policy and legis-lative analysis, grant and proposal develop-ment, project and grants management, man-aging community and stakeholder relation-ships, survey and evaluation design and data analysis. You further explain that SVC is currently a contractor to the State of Indi-ana (‘‘State’’), specifically FSSA. Pursuant to this contractual relationship, I under-stand that SVC provides overall manage-ment, project leadership and support for the Indiana State-Operated Health Insurance Ex-change Level One Grant Activities. You also state that SVC has been a long-standing con-tractor to HP and its predecessors-in-inter-est, Electronic Data Systems Corporation and EDS Information Services L.L.C. You in-dicate that SVC and HP have entered into discussions about a new contractual arrange-ment between the parties. Generally, the draft proposal you’ve submitted along with your request for an informal advisory opin-ion indicates that SVC would assist HP in their efforts relating to work on State’s Medicaid Management Information System (MMIS). The threshold question in this case is whether the Code of Ethics applies to SVC. The Code of Ethics applies to a current or former state officer, employee, and special state appointee and a person who has a busi-ness relationship with an agency. SVC is nei-ther a state officer nor a special state ap-pointee. The term ‘‘employee’’ is defined in 1.C. 4–2–6–1(a)(8) to include an individual who contracts with an agency for personal serv-ices. In this case, the contract between SVC and FSSA appears to be a personal services contract. However, SVC is not an individual, it is a corporation. Because SVC is not an in-dividual, SVC would not be considered to be an ‘‘employee’’ as the term is defined. It would appear that SVC would be a ‘‘per-son who has a business relationship with an agency.’’ Specifically, the term ‘‘person’’ is defined to include a corporation. I.C. 4–2–6– 1(a)(12). SVC is a corporation. Furthermore, a business relationship includes the dealings of a person with an agency seeking, obtain-ing, establishing, maintaining, or imple-menting a pecuniary interest in a contract with an agency. I.C. 4–2–6–1(a)(5)(A)(i). SVC has a contract with FSSA, a state agency. Accordingly, the Code of Ethics would apply to SVC as it applies to a ‘‘person who has a business relationship with an agency.’’ While the Code of Ethics contains fifteen rules, including two that specifically address conflicts of interest, the only rule in the Code of Ethics that applies to a person who has a business relationship with an agency is the Donor Restrictions rule set forth in 42 IAC 1–5–2. The Donor Restrictions rule pro-hibits a person who has a business relation-ship with an employee’s agency from pro-viding any gifts, favors, services, entertain-ment, food, drink, travel expenses or reg-istration fees to the employee if the em-ployee would not be permitted to accept the item under 42 IAC 1–5–1, the Gifts rule. As a person who has business relationship with an agency, SVC is not subject to the conflict of interest rules set forth in the Code of Ethics. Accordingly, a conflict of in-terest under the Code of Ethics would not arise for SVC if it entered into a consulting agreement with Hewlett-Packard Company (‘‘HP’’) to assist HP on a contract HP has and/or would have with FSSA. Thank you again for contacting our office. I hope this information is helpful. Please note that this response does not constitute an official advisory opinion. Only the State Ethics Commission may issue an official ad-visory opinion. This informal advisory opin-ion allows us to give you quick, written ad-vice. The Commission will consider that an employee or former employee acted in good faith if it is determined that the individual committed a violation after receiving advice and the alleged violation was directly re-lated to the advice rendered. Also, remember that the advice given is based on the facts as I understand them. If this e-mail misstates facts in a material way, or omits important information, please bring those inaccuracies to my attention. Sincerely, CYNDI CARRASCO , Executive Director, Indiana State Ethics Commission. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Verma nomination? Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: The Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD) . Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—-yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 86 Ex.] YEAS—-55 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—-43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—-2 
Isakson Peters 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote, and I move to table the motion to recon-sider. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.025 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1772 March 13, 2017 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 23, Daniel Coats to be Director of Na-tional Intelligence. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Di-rector of National Intelligence. Mitch McConnell, Michael B. Enzi, David Perdue, Bob Corker, John Hoeven, Lamar Alexander, Bill Cassidy, John Barrasso, Dan Sullivan, Tim Scott, James Lankford, Tom Cotton, Mike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, Chuck Grass-ley, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 19, Herbert R. McMaster, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Lt. Gen. Herbert R. McMaster, Jr., to be Lieutenant Gen-eral. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Lt. Gen. Herbert R. McMaster, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. John McCain, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Ben Sasse, Tom Cotton, Mike Rounds, Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, Richard Burr, Marco Rubio, Jerry Moran, Richard C. Shelby, James E. Risch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 42. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to drug testing of un-employment compensation applicants. f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
REMEMBERING MILTON METZ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a legend in broadcasting. For decades, radio lis-teners in Kentucky and across the eastern United States tuned in to hear Milton Metz. El Metzo, as he was affec-tionately known, passed away in Janu-ary of this year at the age of 95. Known for his show, ‘‘Metz Here,’’ Milton provided fair and well-informed news for thousands of listeners. In his time at WHAS radio in Louisville, KY, Milton almost became part of listeners’ families. During his years on the air, he covered a wide variety of topics and helped his listeners sort out the issues of the day. Like so many other Kentuckians, I grew up tuning into Milton’s shows. When I first ran for Jefferson County judge/executive, I appeared on his show. We talked about the issues in my campaign, and although he asked tough questions, he was always fair. Milton welcomed differing opinions and treated his guests and callers with ci-vility. He became a staple of political campaigns, and I appeared on his show multiple times in my campaigns for the U.S. Senate. Milton represented a different age of diplomatic and gracious programming that listeners of all opinions and inter-ests listened to and trusted. He also made a name for himself covering the Kentucky Derby. Frequently appearing in ‘‘Millionaires Row,’’ Milton inter-viewed celebrities and guests who came to Louisville for the ‘‘Fastest Two Min-utes in Sports.’’ In 1989, he was in-ducted into the Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame, an honor he surely de-served. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing the life and career of Milton Metz, a true radio pioneer. He earned great acclaim in Kentucky and across the Nation, and his legacy will not soon be forgotten. The Courier-Journal published an ar-ticle on Milton Metz’s career. I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the article be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Courier-Journal, Jan. 12, 2017] L
OCAL RADIO LEGEND MILTON METZDEAD AT  95 (By Andrew Wolfson) Milton Metz, a pioneer in broadcasting in Louisville and the longtime host of the talk show ‘‘Metz Here’’ on WHAS Radio, died Thursday, according to former colleagues Wayne Perkey and Terry Meiners. He was 95 and died at Magnolia Springs, a senior living facility, Perkey said. ‘‘El Metzo,’’ as he was affectionately known, began at the station in 1946. ‘‘Metz Here’’ debuted July 30, 1959, with the title ‘‘Juniper 5–2385,’’ after its phone number, and ended on June 10, 1993. ‘‘Every time Milton Metz clicked on the mic, people across middle America were guaranteed wit, wisdom, and balance,’’ Meiners said. ‘‘On or off the air, Milton was first and foremost a gentleman, bringing grace and in-tellect into a sometimes inelegant media landscape,’’ Meiners said. ‘‘Rest easy, broth-er. You blazed a beautiful trail and we shall follow.’’ Perkey said Metz was a role model and fa-ther figure for a younger generation of broadcasters that included Meiners, Perkey and Jack Fox. ‘‘He was not afraid to ask difficult ques-tions, but he tried to be fair,’’ Perkey said. ‘‘He had a great wit and he showed it. I loved him because he was Milton.’’ Bob Johnson, a retired political reporter on WHAS Radio and TV, said that unlike contemporary talk radio, his show never fea-tured ‘‘talking heads shouting at each other.’’ ‘‘He had a sweet, gentle nature and his gra-ciousness carried over into his work on the air,’’ said Johnson, later a Courier-Journal reporter. ‘‘I was very fond of him.’’ Perry Metz said his father enjoyed ‘‘a good joke, a long conversation and listening to different points of view. ‘‘If civility is old-fashioned, you could say he was old-fashioned,’’ said the younger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.031 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1773 March 13, 2017 
Metz, who followed in his father’s footsteps and now runs public radio and TV stations at Indiana University in Bloomington. Metz could be serious on the air but at a roast held when he retired he recalled how a publicity agent had called plugging his cli-ent’s appearance. ‘‘She’s written ‘Why Diets Don’t Work,’’’ the agent said. ‘‘But if that doesn’t appeal to you, we could talk about her new book, ‘The One-Hour Orgasm.’’’ He also carefully guarded his age. In an interview with Courier-Journal col-umnist Torn Dorsey in 1993, he would only say, ‘‘Let’s just say I’m older than Diane Sawyer and younger than Mike Wallace.’’ Wallace was 75 at the time. Sportscasting legend Cawood Ledford, who spent 22 years at WHAS with Metz, once re-called that when Metz started his program back in the 1950s the dial was full of talk shows. Ledford joked that he would like to say that Metz’s popularity drove the other shows off the air, but the truth was that Metz sim-ply outlived them all. He was born in Cleveland to a Russian-born father and English-born mother and started his radio career in the 1930s in Cleveland after graduating from Ohio State University. After serving in the army in World War II, he joined the staff at WHAS radio in 1946. The same year, Milton began recording Talk-ing Books at American Printing House for the Blind. ‘‘Metz Here’’ became the longest-running show in Louisville and one of the longest- running in the country. On WHAS-TV, he co- hosted and co-produced ‘‘Omelet,’’ a talk and interview program for nine years and was the Channel 11 weatherman for 19 years. He also interviewed countless celebrities on the first Saturday in May during WHAS- TV’s traditional marathon pre-race show be-fore the Kentucky Derby, where he was a fix-ture on ‘‘Millionaire’s Row.’’ Metz was inducted into the Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame in 1989. Joe Elliott, who took over Metz’ time slot after he Metz retired, said that Metz was a legend, not only in Kentucky but to listeners through the Midwest and up and down the East Coast, who caught his show on WHAS’s 50,000-watt clear channel transmitter. ‘‘What I loved about Milton was that he was a master at everything he did,’’ Elliott said. Elliott and Perkey said Metz would record shows in the afternoon on WHAS-FM, then a classical station, then do a daily business re-port on WHAS-AM, then the weather for TV, then his talk show, then the 11 p.m. news on television. ‘‘He did everything and anything he needed to do,’’ said Elliott. Perry Metz said his father was pained by the coarseness of contemporary talk radio. ‘‘Anyone who listened to ‘‘Metz Here’’ knew it was a show based on listeners, not him,’’ Perry Metz said. ‘‘You could listen to him for years and not know his views.’’ ‘‘People would call him from across the country and across the political spectrum because they knew they could speak their piece and he wouldn’t try to show them up or embarrass them.’’ f 
REMEMBERING A. DUANE SCHWARTZ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of a de-voted public servant, A. Duane Schwartz, who passed away earlier this year. Duane was widely admired for his strong fidelity to the law and his dedi-cation to justice. For 20 years, he served the Western District of Ken-tucky as the head of the criminal divi-sion of the U.S. attorney’s office and, during that time, successfully pros-ecuted the Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan in Louisville. He also helped end what was then the largest meth-amphetamine lab in the Midwest. Duane fought for justice and left his community better than he found it. He also worked to keep government accountable to the people. As a leader in Operation Boptrot, Duane led the undercover investigation against and eventual conviction of many State leg-islators for taking bribes. Duane earned the praise of multiple U.S. attorneys under whom he worked and was awarded the Justice Depart-ment’s Special Achiever Award by At-torney General Janet Reno in 1999. I was proud to know Duane as a classmate in law school. Even back then, he was known for his integrity, commitment, and warmth. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Ann, and I would ask all of my colleagues here to join me in honoring this distinguished servant of the law. The Courier-Journal published an ar-ticle on Duane’s career. I ask unani-mous consent that a copy of the article be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Courier-Journal, Jan 11, 2017] V
ETERAN PROSECUTOR A. D UANE SCHWARTZ  D
IES (By Andrew Wolfson) A. Duane Schwartz, who supervised the prosecution of public corruption probe Oper-ation Boptrot as the longtime head of the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney’s of-fice in Louisville, died Saturday at his home. He was 74. Schwartz was diagnosed seven years ago with Alzheimer’s disease, according to his daughter, Jennifer Scutchfield, an attorney and city council member in Lexington. During two separate tenures in the office, Schwartz successfully prosecuted the Impe-rial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan in Louisville as well as defendants responsible for the then-largest methamphetamine lab in the Midwest, according to a citation from the Justice Department. He led the prosecution of Boptrot, the un-dercover investigation that resulted in con-viction of more than a dozen state legisla-tors from 1992 to 1995 for taking bribes and other inducements. More recently, in 1999, he tried and con-victed Brennan Callan for partially sinking the Belle of Louisville, winning a 30-month sentence and an order for $987,000 in restitu-tion. Former U.S. Attorney Joe Whittle in an interview Wednesday called Schwartz ‘‘an all-American guy’’ and one of the best pros-ecutors he ever worked with. ‘‘I valued his counsel on whether to pros-ecute or not,’’ Whittle said. ‘‘He was a moral man.’’ John Kuhn, the current U.S. attorney, said in a statement that Schwartz was ‘‘univer-sally recognized as an outstanding pros-ecutor, a sage leader, and a warm, faithful, loving friend. Duane elevated the quality of our work and strengthened our commitment to justice.’’ Schwartz ran track and played basketball, baseball and football at Atherton High School, and despite a car accident that he later said ruined his knees, he was recruited by several universities before deciding on the University of Kentucky, where his father wanted him to go so he could see him play. But coach Blanton Collier left after Schwartz’s freshman year and his successor, Charlie Bradshaw, ‘‘turned football into a nightmare,’’ Schwartz said years later when he was honored by Atherton. His experience is cited in author Shannon Ragland’s ‘‘The Thin Thirty: The Untold Story of Brutality, Scandal and Redemption Schwartz’s for Charlie Bradshaw’s 1962 Kentucky Football Team.’’ Schwartz switched to baseball, won a scholarship and lettered in the sport for three years. After graduating from UK’s law school in 1967, he returned to Louisville, where he was general counsel for Tube Turns, served from 1971 as a prosecutor in the U.S. attorney’s of-fice, and then left to work for 10 years as re-gional counsel for the U.S. Postal Service. He returned to the U.S. attorney’s office where he was chief of the criminal section for 20 years until his retirement in 2004. He was honored by Attorney General Janet Reno for superior service in 1999 and also won the Justice Department’s special achiev-er award. f REMEMBERING DR. DAVID STEVENS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Dr. David Stevens, a tireless advocate for public health in Kentucky who passed away at the age of 87. He dedicated his life to serving others, and he leaves be-hind a legacy of vision and leadership. For 16 years, David served in the Lex-ington-Fayette Urban County Govern-ment. As a councilmember, he was a leading voice and advocate to make his community a healthier place to live. Before his service in local govern-ment, David was an orthopedic sur-geon. His career included two decades as the chief of staff of Shriner’s Hos-pital for Children, an international nonprofit that provides healthcare to children, regardless of a family’s abil-ity to pay. In 1968, he helped found the Central Kentucky Blood Center to help hos-pitals across Kentucky have reliable access to blood from donors. The center has grown over the years, and it has be-come a local partner in healthcare across the Commonwealth. David served on numerous other boards and commissions, all of which support the health, culture, and pros-perity of the region. He also passed his expertise on to the next generation by mentoring in medicine, public service, and philanthropy. In addition to his professional accom-plishments, David was known as a well- rounded gentleman with a dry wit. At the age of 83, he hiked a 60-mile jour-ney through Philmont Scout Reserva-tion in New Mexico with his son and 15- year-old grandson. The University of Kentucky honored him with the Honorary Alumnus Award, and DePauw University award-ed him the Old Gold Goblet for profes-sional achievement and service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.026 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1774 March 13, 2017 
I am proud to say that I knew David. Over the years, I developed a deep re-spect for his work on behalf of his com-munity. A man who dedicated his time, skill, and passion to those around him, I know that countless Kentuckians will remember his good works. I know that I will. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to his son, Dr. Scott Ste-vens, and all of David’s family and friends. As one of the countless individ-uals impacted by David’s life, I can say with great certainty that he will be deeply missed. 
f 
REMEMBERING CHARLES ANTHONY ‘‘C.A.’’ WILLIAMS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Charles Anthony ‘‘C.A.’’ Williams, of London, KY, who passed away after a long career of public service and great creativity. During a lifetime of achievement, C.A. had many professions. He served his community as a Laurel County clerk and his Nation in the U.S. Army. He traveled the country driving a semi- truck, and he shared his deep faith as a gospel music singer and songwriter. In each of these endeavors, C.A showed his passion, his skill, and his love. Through his music and his wit-ness, C.A. fulfilled his greatest desire in life. Mr. Kip Jervis, one of C. A.’s nephews, remembered that his uncle ‘‘had a made-up mind of where he was headed, and he made it his mission to take everyone he could with him.’’ This drive led C.A. to share his story and his faith. His passion continued throughout his battle with brain cancer. After a 1989 diagnosis, C.A. faced every day with optimism, knowing that ‘‘he was a win-ner either way.’’ After a long fight, C.A. recovered from cancer and contin-ued to write music. Reverend Gene Greene, the pastor of Carmichael Pentecostal Church in East Bernstadt, remembered C.A.’s immense talent. During his long drives in his semi-truck, C.A. would write gospel songs, a practice that became his greatest joy. He released some of these songs in an album called ‘‘Magnificent Jesus.’’ For a man of so many talents, this album was one of C.A.’s proudest accomplishments. C.A. left behind three loving chil-dren, Brittany, Brooklyn, and Israel, and his sister, Connie. I know that the memories of C.A.’s love for them will help ease their pain. Elaine and I send our deepest condolences to the entire Williams family, and I know that C.A. will be remembered fondly by everyone he inspired with his faith, his dedica-tion, and his music. He was a good man, and I am proud to say he was my friend. RECOGNIZING YOUNG VERMONTERS FOR THEIR COM-MITMENT TO REFUGEES Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermont is known far and wide as a tourist des-tination for all seasons. From our cele-brated ski slopes to our stunning and world-renowned fall foliage, Vermont draws travelers from near and far, from nearby States and from Canada, our neighbor to the north. What many don’t realize is that Vermont has also become home to refugees and asylum seekers from Iraq, Syria, Bosnia, Sudan, and elsewhere. These men, women and children enrich our commu-nities and inspire us all. One Vermont community, Rutland, last year announced that it would wel-come refugees fleeing the catastrophic civil war in Syria. The town was pre-paring to welcome 100 refugees. Nine arrived. When President Trump issued his appalling and disastrous executive order banning admission to refugees from Syria and six other nations, the remaining 91 individuals were pre-vented from coming to Vermont. I have heard from hundreds of Vermonters outraged by President Trump’s Executive actions to close our borders to those seeking refuge. Also deeply concerning is the President’s clear intent on targeting Muslim refu-gees. The freedom of religion, en-shrined in the First Amendment of our Constitution and defended through the ages by generations of Americans, should not be squandered to promote an unfounded fear. The voices raised in opposition to these executive orders cross the spec-trum. I want to include in the R
ECORD  some of those voices: students at Rut-land High School, some of whom have formed the New Neighbors Club, to help welcome refugee students who will attend Rutland City Public Schools. Emma writes: ‘‘I am a 9th grader from Rutland High School. We should continue to support immigration in Vermont and the United States. These people deserve a good life and don’t de-serve what they have to go through.’’ Carolyn writes: ‘‘I’m from Rutland, Vermont, and I believe that refugee re-settlement is an important issue. We have the opportunity to make a change in these people’s lives and make new relationships and bonds in our lives. They need a support system so why can’t that be us?’’ Lea writes: ‘‘This immigration ban is a big problem to me. I don’t like that our country is stopping people from coming to our country. I know many people are afraid of what could happen to us. But we are all human and they are humans looking for safety.’’ Lily writes, ‘‘Everyone deserves the same amount of respect and under-standing that we afford to anyone. The refugees obviously need our help and we are completely capable of building a community that is ready and willing to accept the refugees.’’ Jessica writes: ‘‘I can understand these fears, but they also clearly come from an inhumane and misinformed point of view. Without immigration in the past, no one would be here, and it is simply un-American to deny freedom from persecution to refugees and other immigrants.’’ Emma writes: ‘‘With all of the recent stigma regarding the Refugee Resettle-ment Plan, Rutland’s program has re-cently gone static. At Rutland High School, we have a club that helps raise money and eventually welcome the ref-ugees. Please make all the movement possible to make these people feel wel-come in our state. We don’t want to be stuck on the wrong side of history.’’ Victoria writes: ‘‘I feel that it is in-credibly important for us to help refu-gees who are in desperate need of a sec-ond chance at life. As a global super-power of a country, it seems absurd to me that we are accepting so few refu-gees to our communities, as we could be helping with the global refugee cri-sis a whole lot more by actually trying to mitigate it.’’ Ian writes: ‘‘The refugees should come to Rutland because we are de-voted to helping integrate them into our community. Several of the stu-dents here are devoting every Friday to getting together and coming up with great ideas on how we can incorporate them.’’ Kjersti writes: ‘‘As a citizen in the United States, I believe the diversity is what makes this country beautiful, and the fact that someone is exempt from the freedom and is turned away be-cause of their diversity is not what this country stands for.’’ Noah writes: ‘‘I believe we should let people immigrate to Vermont because the people in these countries are living in terrible living conditions. Everyone in this world is equal so there’s no rea-son not to let them in. They just want a chance at a safe life.’’ Ashleah writes: ‘‘We should continue to support immigration for the Syrian refugees into our community. This is such a great opportunity for Rutland to experience more diversity and more culture. Our small city would benefit greatly from allowing refugees to come and live with us.’’ Kelsey writes: ‘‘People who are safe and living comfortably should do their best to help those that need it. I feel by turning them away and denying them help we are being inhuman and cruel.’’ Caitlin writes: ‘‘I believe immigra-tion should be accepted in all areas of this country. I strongly support the idea of people wanting to make a bet-ter life for themselves. I choose to take a stand against anti-immigration for I believe it is essential to make America better.’’ Greta writes: ‘‘These Syrians are peo-ple who have gone through atrocities and deserve our help. They will also promote understanding and diversity in our community amidst this political climate of fear mongering. Welcoming Syrian refugees will only be beneficial for Rutland and United States, and is upholding the value of America and human rights.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.021 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1775 March 13, 2017 
And Elizabeth writes: ‘‘I am dis-appointed with how our current admin-istration is portraying our nation to the rest of the world. I think the people of the United States are stronger, more loving, and kinder people than what is being shown, and I think we need to take individual action in order to show this.’’ The voices of these young Vermonters are emblematic of what I hear from Vermonters across our State. We all want to keep our country safe; of that, there is no question. But President Trump’s travel ban ignores the clear fact that refugees are the most stringently vetted travelers to the United States. His Executive order provokes and plays on fear. It does not make us safer. Benjamin Franklin once famously said, ‘‘Those who give up essential lib-erty, to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safe-ty.’’ I hope all Senators will listen to the words of these young Vermonters. President Trump’s Executive order does little to enhance our security, but does great damage to the freedoms that are the cornerstone of our good and great Nation. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–81, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to Singapore for defense articles and services estimated to cost $66 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–81 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Singapore. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $42 million. Other $24 million. Total $66 million. (iii) Description and Ouantity or Ouantities of Articles or Services under Con-sideration for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Two thousand (2,000) XM395 Accelerated Precision Mortar Initiative (APMI) rounds. Non-MDE includes: U.S. Government and contractor services, mortar tube compat-ibility testing and/or modification, and other associated support equipment and services. (iv) Military Department: Army (VGG). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 13, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Singapore—XM395 Acceler-ated Precision Mortar Initiative (APMI) Rounds The Government of Singapore has re-quested a possible sale of two thousand (2,000) XM395 Accelerated Precision Mortar Initiative (APMI) rounds; U.S. Government and contractor services; and other associated support equipment and services. The total estimated cost is $66 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country which has been, and continues to be an important partner and force for political stability and economic progress in the Asia Pacific region. The Government of Singapore intends to use these defense articles and services to modernize its armed forces to meet current and future threats, to strengthen its home-land defense, and to provide greater security for its economic infrastructure. The Govern-ment of Singapore will have no difficulty ab-sorbing XM395 APMI mortar rounds into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Orbital ATK. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require U.S. Government personnel or U.S. contractor representatives to travel to Singapore for a period of one (1) week for equipment fielding and acceptance testing by the Quality Assurance Team. There will be no adverse impact on US. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–81 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The XM395 Accelerated Precision Mortar Initiative (APMI) is a Global Position Sys-tem (GPS), Precise Positioning Service (PPS) guided 120mm high explosive mortar cartridge capable of enemy defeat with low collateral damage. It utilizes a Precision Light-Weight Universal Mortar Setting Sys-tem (PLUMSS) that contains an Improved Platform Integration kit (iPIK) to load GPS coordinates, mission trajectory and fuze mode data into the mortar round. The GPS PPS crypto key is loaded into the iPIK by system key loader PYQ–10. Both the XM395 and the iPIK contain a Selective Avail-ability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM). The XM395 has 90% commonality with the Army’s M1156 Precision Guided Kit. The overall system classification is SECRET. 2. XM395 utilizes the Army’s M782 Multi- Option for Artillery (MOFA) Proximity Height of Burst (HOB) Technology. The HOB sensor is comprised of components with tech-nologies deemed as state of the art, requiring specialized production skills. The sensitive/ critical technology is primarily in the de-sign, development, production and manufac-turing of the components (integrated cir-cuits and assembly), and the integration methodology required to integrate those components onto an assembly to process em-bedded data (the software—algorithm—work-ing parameters). The overall system classi-fication is SECRET. 3. Disclosure of this technology could re-sult in an adversary developing counter-measures, thus lessening the effect of the projectile. Disclosure of test data, counter-measures, vulnerability/susceptibility anal-yses, and threat definition could allow re-verse engineering and use by an adversary for possible use against U.S. and Coalition forces. Compromise could jeopardize the U.S. inventory through jammer development by adversaries. The risk of compromise has been assessed as moderate. Risk is reduced for fuze/munitions if adequately controlled and protected in storage and on the battlefield. Risk is mitigated by the prevention of dis-closure of sensitive classified information (the know-how, software, and associated doc-umentation). 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Singapore. f AGRICULTURE INDUSTRY MERGERS Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be printed in the R
ECORD the concerns of the Summit Agricultural Group regarding three mergers in the agriculture industry. Specifically, this group is concerned with the mergers between Bayer AG and Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chem-ical, and China National Chemical Cor-poration—ChemChina—and Syngenta AG. The paper states that ‘‘the mergers of these international agrochemical and seed giants will significantly re-duce competition and innovation in the agricultural sector, and will cause ir-reparable harm to the American farmer via increased input costs.’’ As my colleagues are aware, I have long been concerned about concentra-tion and competition in the agriculture sector. Increased concentration in the industry could significantly reduce choice and raise the price of chemicals and seed for farmers, which ultimately can affect choice and costs for con-sumers. Moreover, further consolida-tion could diminish crucial research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.018 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1776 March 13, 2017 
and development initiatives which drive have innovation and techno-logical advances for the agricultural sector. I have also raised concerns about the competitive advantages that are likely to result from the ChemChina-Syngenta transaction. I have written several letters to both the Justice Department and the Fed-eral Trade Commission expressing my concerns and asking that they care-fully review these mergers and collabo-rate, as appropriate, on their analysis of the impact on the agricultural in-dustry. These regulators need to take a hard look at both the efficiencies and the benefits that the merging compa-nies believe will result from these transactions, as well as the concerns raised by independent and small play-ers in the market, farmers, and con-sumers. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY : AGRICULTURE MERGERS  Background: Bayer AG and Monsanto, Du-Pont and Dow Chemical, and China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina) and Syngenta AG have all announced their inten-tions to merge. The mergers of these inter-national agrochemical and seed giants will significantly reduce competition and innova-tion in the agricultural sector, and will cause irreparable harm to the American farmer via increased input costs. Market Structure: Many view market share in terms of retail sales; however, the underlying structure should be examined to determine competitive dynamics. Almost all commercial seed sold for planting a crop is composed of germplasm ‘‘genetics’’ and transgenic traits, which are genes inserted to alter the seed, for example Monsanto’s Roundup
®gene made plants tolerant to Roundup
®herbicide. When an independent seed company, say Becks Hybrids, wants to sell seed they need to acquire a license to both the germplasm and transgenic trait, and pay the licensor both germplasm and trait fees on each bag of seed they sell. With-out access to high yielding and performing germplasm, the addition of the transgenic traits is almost irrelevant. Plainly stated: If you have a gene that makes a horse that runs faster, but no horses, it’s a problem. Competitive Issues: Given this, concentra-tion of germplasm into few companies would give them the ability to bundle their germplasm, transgenic traits, and chemicals together, creating significant pricing power. Further, because germplasm is the building block of the seed it would significantly re-duce incentives for independent innovation— if a new trait is discovered, what options would a third party have to combine with competitive germplasm and get to market? Lastly, independent seed companies would be irreparably harmed given the need to acquire germplasm from potentially two companies that control 90% + of all genetics in the mar-ket. Practical Historical Examples: When the Roundup
®chemical came off-patent, Mon-santo was able to increase the Roundup Ready
®seed trait licensing fee by multiples to offset the revenue decline. More recently, when Monsanto’s Roundup Ready
®seed trait was about to come off-patent they gave it to the market. However, other germplasm breeding companies had already committed breeding programs to the new patented Roundup Ready 2 Yield
®technology. Given the 5–6 years required to breed a new trait into germplasm, when farmers had the abil-ity to buy the now generic Roundup Ready® trait, there was and is no competitive germplasm to put it in. Plainly put, more consolidation will only serve to increase the prevalence of anti-competitive actions caused by consolidated ownership of germplasm, transgenic traits, and chemicals. 
DETAILED DISCUSSION : AGRICULTURE MERGERS  Background: Bayer AG and Monsanto, Du-Pont and Dow Chemical, and China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina) and Syngenta AG have all announced their inten-tions to merge in 2017. The mergers of these international agrochemical and seed giants will significantly reduce competition and in-novation in the agricultural sector, and will do irreparable harm to the American farmer. Market Share Dominance: Corn is the sin-gle most important grain crop in the U.S., grown on 94 million acres with a finished crop worth $50 billion. The U.S. grows 40% of the world’s corn supply, exported 13% of the crop in 2016, and corn is an important compo-nent of the positive U.S. trade balance of $35 billion stemming from agriculture. As the graph at right shows, if these mergers are al-lowed to proceed, two companies: Dow-Du-Pont and Bayer-Monsanto would effectively control the U.S. corn market at the most basic level—the germplasm. Breeding with germplasm for higher yields and agronomic performance is still the number one factor for success on the farm. While industry data shows Monsanto has 36% of the seed corn market, it uses a licens-ing model whereby the independent seed companies (the other 17% in the table below) effectively distribute Monsanto hybrid seed corn and traits through their own brands, paying Monsanto two different royalties: one for germplasm (genetics) and one for the transgenic traits. Further, Monsanto li-censes out different, and many would argue inferior, germplasm to the independent seed companies than the germplasm it uses in its own brands. The smaller independent seed companies receive inferior germplasm to the larger independent seed companies, and may pay a higher royalty per unit to do so. Du-Pont primarily sells its hybrid seed corn through its own sales channels. Soybeans are the most important oilseed crop in the U.S., planted on 84 million acres, and representing a finished crop of $35 billion at the farm level in 2016. As with corn, Mon-santo uses a licensing model to distribute soybean genetics and traits through inde-pendent companies. Monsanto has 90% mar-ket share in soybean transgenic traits through their own brands, independent li-censees, and through licensing to DuPont and Syngenta. Syngenta and DuPont have paid-up li-censes for the Monsanto soybean transgenic traits, which means the Syngenta and Du-Pont germplasm and breeding programs are all on the Monsanto transgenic trait plat-form. With the paid-up license to the Mon-santo soybean transgenic traits, Syngenta and DuPont have a margin opportunity on the transgenic trait royalty to take market share from the independent seed companies. To illustrate the power of the germplasm performance, Monsanto agreed to give its first-generation transgenic trait Roundup Ready
®to the market, as it was coming off patent. The problem is the other companies with germplasm breeding programs had al-ready committed their breeding efforts to the new patented Roundup Ready 2 Yield
® technology. Since it takes 5–6 years to breed a new trait into high performing germplasm, by the time farmers had the ability to buy the now generic Roundup Ready
®transgenic trait, there was and is no competitive germplasm available to put it in. Barriers to Entry: Given the costs and timelines for the development of transgenic traits and plant breeding, new competition and innovation will be limited. Transgenic traits have to be integrated into the germplasm without impacting the crop in other negative ways. As noted in corn, the germplasm is controlled primarily by two companies: Bayer-Monsanto and DuPont- Dow, with ChemChina-Syngenta having a small share. In soybeans, Bayer-Monsanto would control over 90% of the soybean transgenic traits that are contained in the Monsanto, DuPont, and Syngenta soybean germplasm. As agriculture is a global market, new transgenic traits have to be approved in all export countries in order for a U.S. farmer to be comfortable knowing there will be a mar-ket for his crop. The current international transgenic regulatory approval process can take over 8 years and can cost in excess of $150 million per trait. This international reg-ulatory burden means that only the largest companies have the means and capabilities to get a new transgenic trait approved for use by U.S. farmers. This limits the ability for any company with new transgenic traits ever getting them to the market. Aside from the enormous expense, the control of the high performing germplasm and required transgenic trait platforms, almost certainly eliminates the entry of new innovation and trait technologies by any company other than those contemplating the mergers. In the past ten years China has used its regu-latory approval process as a trade tool, which makes the acquisition of Syngenta by ChemChina (a state-owned enterprise) even that much more unsettling. Ability to Bundle: Aside from fertilizer, a farmer has to buy seeds (inclusive of transgenic traits), seed treatments, and crop protection chemicals (herbicides, fungicides, and insecticides) each year. Given the vertical integration and dominant market position of these companies, major bundling opportunities exist. These companies will have the opportunity to require farmers to buy seed, seed treatments, and crop protec-tion chemicals even though superior chem-istry or generic alternatives may exist. Often these bundles of seeds, traits, seed treatments, and crop protection chemicals are part of the patent protection these com-panies have in place, or in connection with sales promotions and programs. It is impos-sible for an independent seed company to compete with this type of vertical bundling opportunities. Monsanto has already been accused of bundling its Roundup®herbicide with the access to its seed and traits, even though a generic version of glyphosate herbi-cide is readily available to farmers at a frac-tion of the price. International Implications: As the graph on the right indicates, these companies have significant market share in crop protection chemicals on a global basis. The same holds true for their seeds and transgenic traits in the countries which have approved their cul-tivation including Argentina, Brazil, and Canada. The impacts on the farmers in these countries will no doubt be the same as in the U.S. Near-Term and Long-Term Negative Im-pact: If these mergers are allowed to proceed there will be negative impacts through-out agribusiness. Research for new transgenic traits and other biotech innovations will be stifled as the ability to take such traits to the market in competitive genetics will be controlled by two companies. The ability to stack any new traits and/or technology will be controlled by the patent protections the merging companies hold on their germplasm and related trait technologies. In the near-term, the existing independent seed companies who rely on licensing from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.030 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1777 March 13, 2017 
Monsanto for their corn and soybean germplasm and traits to be sold in their brands will be squeezed given that the new merged companies will need to increase mar-ket share and profits for their shareholders to justify the mergers. Independent seed companies cannot compete with the bundling opportunities and margins that the merged companies will enjoy with their combined product offerings. In the longer term, the American farmer will lose as the remaining oligopoly uses their market power, bundling of products, and limited competition to increase the costs for every acre planted. This in turn will increase the costs for consumers in all markets touched by production agriculture. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on March 10, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled joint resolutions: 
H.J. Res. 37. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of De-fense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration relating to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation. H.J. Res. 44. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Manage-ment regulations that establish the proce-dures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976. H.J. Res. 57. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Education re-lating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965. H.J. Res. 58. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Education re-lating to teacher preparation issues. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled joint resolutions were signed on March 13, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 720. An act to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 725. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder. H.R. 985. An act to amend the procedures used in Federal court class actions and multidistrict litigation proceedings to as-sure fairer, more efficient outcomes for claimants and defendants, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 2 of the Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 715a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Member of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission: Mr. Thomp-son of California. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 720. An act to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 725. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 985. An act to amend the procedures used in Federal court class actions and multidistrict litigation proceedings to as-sure fairer, more efficient outcomes for claimants and defendants, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–996. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Streptomycin; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9957– 65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–997. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oxytetracycline; Pesticide Toler-ances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9959–19) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–998. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flupyradifurone; Pesticide Toler-ances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9958–75) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–999. A communication from the General Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act Implementation’’ (RIN2590–AA86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 9, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1000. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Commercial Prerinse Spray Valves’’ (RIN1904–AD31) received in the Office of the President of Senate on March 7, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–1001. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9958–43–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1002. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan; Owens Valley Serious Area Plan for the 1987 24-Hour PM10 Standard’’ (FRL No. 9958–80– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1003. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Enforcement Guidance Memorandum 15–002, Revision 1: Enforce-ment Discretion for Tornado-Generated Mis-sile Protection Non-Compliance’’ (EGM 15– 002) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1004. A communication from the Board Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Board’s compliance with the Government in the Sunshine Act during cal-endar year 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1005. A communication from the Chair-man, National Endowment for the Human-ities, transmitting, pursuant to law, the En-dowment’s Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016 and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1006. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–6670)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 7, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1007. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Stur-geon Bay, Sturgeon Bay, WI’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0050)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1008. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Black Warrior River; Tuscaloosa, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0032)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1009. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Black Warrior River; Tuscaloosa, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0034)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1010. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\S13MR7.REC S13MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1778 March 13, 2017 
of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Operational Equipment Test; Bellingham Bay; Bellingham, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0084)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1011. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Loop Parkway Bridge—Long Creek, Hempstead, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0019)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1012. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Columbia River, Sand Island, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0118)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 8, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1013. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Enforcement Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Section 1.80(b) of the Com-mission’s Rules: Adjustment of Civil Mone-tary Penalties to Reflect Inflation’’ (DA 16– 1453) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 6, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1014. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), FM Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Red Lake, Minnesota)’’ ((MB Docket No. 05–142) (DA 16– 371)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 7, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with amendments: S. 327. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe har-bor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes. By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with-out amendment: S. 444. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the defini-tion of an investment company. S. 462. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Com-mission. By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with amendments: S. 484. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States. By Mr. CRAPO, from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with-out amendment: S. 488. A bill to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compen-satory benefit plans, and for other purposes. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 607. A bill to establish a business incuba-tors program within the Department of the Interior to promote economic development in Indian reservation communities; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. R EED, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. K ING, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 608. A bill to nullify the effect of the March 6, 2017 executive order that tempo-rarily restricts most nationals from six countries from entering the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. K
ING): S. 609. A bill to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs En-hancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 610. A bill to promote transparency by permitting the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board to allow its disciplinary proceedings to be open to the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 611. A bill to amend the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless children, youth, and fami-lies, and honor the assessments and prior-ities of local communities; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 612. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 613. A bill to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the consideration by State regulatory au-thorities and nonregulated electric utilities of whether subsidies should be provided for the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customer-side technology; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. MCCAIN): S. 614. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to establish a pilot program for commercial recreation concessions on cer-tain land managed by the Bureau of Land Management; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 615. A bill to establish an alternative, outcomes-based process for authorizing inno-vative, high-quality higher education pro-viders to participate in programs under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S.J. Res. 38. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Approval, Disapproval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implemen-tation Plans; Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval of Air Quality Implementation Plans and Federal Implementation Plan; Utah; Revisions to Regional Haze State Im-plementation Plan; Federal Implementation Plan for Regional Haze’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 34 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Flor-ida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cospon-sors of S. 34, a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘mid-night rules’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 108, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 155 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 155, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to permit employers to pay higher wages to their employees. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 170, a bill to provide for nonpreemption of measures by State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-re-lated or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities tar-geting Israel, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.006 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1779 March 13, 2017 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 198, a bill to require continued and enhanced annual reporting to Con-gress in the Annual Report on Inter-national Religious Freedom on anti-Se-mitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish com-munities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European gov-ernments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti- Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 200, a bill to prohibit the conduct of a first-use nuclear strike absent a dec-laration of war by Congress. 
S. 229 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 229, a bill to provide for the con-fidentiality of information submitted in requests for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 242 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 242, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration to certain designated con-gressional employees, and for other purposes. 
S. 276 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 276, a bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to divide the ninth judi-cial circuit of the United States into 2 circuits, and for other purposes. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 366, a bill to require the Fed-eral financial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and busi-ness models of institutions into ac-count when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes. S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriv-ing through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other pur-poses. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to de-velop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among fire-fighters. 
S. 387 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 387, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to sub-ject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropria-tions process, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 459 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 459, a bill to designate the area between the intersections of Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, Northwest and Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, North-west in Washington, District of Colum-bia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsur-ance under Medicare for colorectal can-cer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 484 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 484, a bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States. S. 493 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 493, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 512, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 528 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 528, a bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 548 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 548, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 563 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 563, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), and the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 568, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of re-ceipt of outpatient observation serv-ices in a hospital toward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 574 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 574, a bill to restrict the use of funds for the long-range standoff weapon until the Secretary of Defense completes a Nuclear Posture Review that includes an assessment of the ca-pabilities and effects of the use of the long-range standoff weapon, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Kan-sas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S.J. Res. 27, a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.008 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1780 March 13, 2017 
Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clar-ification of Employer’s Continuing Ob-ligation to Make and Maintain an Ac-curate Record of Each Recordable In-jury and Illness’’. 
S.J. RES. 34 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 34, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunications Serv-ices’’. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Con. Res. 6, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 7, a con-current resolution expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit societies have historically pro-vided and continue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 76 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 76, a res-olution expressing support for the des-ignation of March 21, 2017, as ‘‘National Rosie the Riveter Day’’. 
S. RES. 81 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 81, a resolution recognizing the 196th anniversary of the independence of Greece and cele-brating democracy in Greece and the United States. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 610. A bill to promote trans-parency by permitting the Public Com-pany Accounting Oversight Board to allow its disciplinary proceedings to be open to the public, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am re-introducing the PCAOB Enforcement Transparency Act along with Senator Grassley. This bill permits the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, PCAOB, to make public the discipli-nary proceedings it has brought against auditors and audit firms earlier in the process. Over 10 years ago, our markets were victimized by a series of massive finan-cial reporting frauds, including those involving Enron and WorldCom. In re-sponse to this crisis, the Senate Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs conducted multiple hear-ings, which produced consensus on a number of underlying causes, including weak corporate governance, a lack of accountability, and inadequate over-sight of accountants charged with au-diting public companies’ financial statements. In order to address the gaps and structural weaknesses revealed by the investigation and hearings, the Senate passed the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in a 99-to-0 vote. Among its many pro-visions, this law called for the creation of a strong, independent board, the PCAOB, responsible for overseeing auditors of public companies in order to protect investors who rely on inde-pendent audit reports on the financial statements of public companies. To conduct its duties, the PCAOB, under the oversight of the U.S. Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, SEC, oversees more than 1,500 registered ac-counting firms, as well as the audit partners and staff who contribute to a firm’s work on each audit. The board’s ability to initiate proceedings to deter-mine whether there have been viola-tions of its auditing standards or rules of professional practice is an important component of its oversight. However, unlike other oversight bod-ies, such as the SEC, the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, the U.S. Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Au-thority, and others, the Board’s dis-ciplinary proceedings are not allowed to be public without consent from the parties involved. Of course, parties sub-ject to disciplinary proceedings have no incentive to consent to publicizing their alleged wrongdoing and thus these proceedings typically remain cloaked behind a veil of secrecy. In ad-dition, the board’s decisions in discipli-nary proceedings are not allowed to be publicized until after the complete ex-haustion of an appeals process, which can often take several years. These PCAOB disciplinary pro-ceedings create a lack of transparency that invites abuse and undermines the congressional intent behind the PCAOB, which was to shine a bright light on auditing firms and practices, and to bolster the accountability of auditors of public companies to the in-vesting public. Over the years, some bad actors have taken advantage of this loophole to shield themselves from public scrutiny and accountability. PCAOB Chairman James Doty has repeatedly stated in testimony provided to both the Senate and House of Representatives over the years that the secrecy of the pro-ceedings ‘‘has a variety of unfortunate consequences’’ and that such secrecy is harmful to investors, the auditing pro-fession, and the public at large. For example, an accounting firm that was subject to a disciplinary pro-ceeding continued to issue no fewer than 29 additional audit reports on public companies without any of those companies knowing about its PCAOB disciplinary proceedings. Disturbingly, investors and the public company cli-ents of that audit firm were deprived of relevant information about the pro-ceedings against the firm and the sub-stance of any violations. In addition to the reasons I have al-ready provided, there are other reasons why the board’s enforcement pro-ceedings should be open and trans-parent. First, the incentive to litigate cases in order to continue to shield conduct from public scrutiny as long as possible frustrates the process and requires the expenditure of needless resources by both litigants and the PCAOB. Second, agencies such as the SEC have found open and transparent dis-ciplinary proceedings to be valuable because they inform peer audit firms of the type of activity that may give rise to enforcement action by the regu-lator. In effect, transparent pro-ceedings can serve as a deterrent to misconduct because of a perceived in-crease in the likelihood of ‘‘getting caught.’’ Accordingly, the audit indus-try as a whole would also benefit from timely, public, and nonsecret enforce-ment proceedings. Our bill will make hearings by the PCAOB, and all related notices, orders, and motions, transparent and available to the public unless otherwise ordered by the Board. This would more closely align the PCAOB’s procedures with those of the SEC for analogous mat-ters. Increasing transparency and account-ability of audit firms subject to PCAOB disciplinary proceedings is a critical component of bolstering and maintain-ing investor confidence in our financial markets, while better protecting com-panies from problematic auditors. I hope our colleagues will join Senator Grassley and me in supporting this leg-islation to enhance transparency in the PCAOB’s enforcement process. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 611. A bill to amend the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless children, youth, and families, and honor the as-sessments and priorities of local com-munities; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce bipartisan leg-islation with my colleague Senator Portman that would align HUD home-less assistance with existing Federal children and youth programs and pro-vide flexibility to local communities to use available resources to meet the needs that they identify. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.010 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1781 March 13, 2017 
According to the U.S. Department of Education, approximately 1.2 million children were homeless during the 2014 to 2015 school year; this is a 34-percent increase from the 939,903 homeless stu-dents in the 2009 to 2010 school year. In California, over 229,000 children ex-perienced homelessness in 2015, nearly four times the 65,000 homeless children in the State in 2003. Unfortunately, the numbers reported by the HUD Point-in-Time count fail to reflect these increasing numbers. According to the national 2015 HUD Point-in-Time count, there were only 206,286 people counted as homeless in households that included children, a fraction of the true number. This is important because only those children counted by HUD are eligible for vital homeless assistance programs and included in local planning efforts. The rest of these children and families are simply out of luck. The Homeless Children and Youth Act of 2017 would allow HUD homeless assistance programs to serve extremely vulnerable children and families, spe-cifically those staying in motels or in doubled-up situations because they have nowhere else to go. These families are especially suscep-tible to abuse and trafficking because they are often not served by a case manager and thus remain hidden from potential social service providers. As a result of the current narrow HUD definition, communities that re-ceive Federal funding through the com-petitive application process are unable to prioritize or direct resources to help these children and families. This bill would provide communities with the flexibility to use Federal funds to meet local priorities. The bill requires the Secretary to assess the ex-tent to which Continuums of Care use separate, specific, age-appropriate cri-teria for determining the safety and needs of children and unaccompanied youth and divert people to safe, stable, age-appropriate accommodations. And I would note that the bill does not impose any new mandates on serv-ice providers. Finally, this legislation improves data collection transparency by requir-ing HUD to report the point in time PIT count and the Annual Homeless Assessment Report, AHAR to include data on all categories of homelessness. Mr. President, I am pleased that Sen-ator Rob Portman has joined me as an original cosponsor on this bill. Home-lessness continues to plague our Na-tion. If we fail to address the needs of these children and families today, they will remain stuck in a cycle of poverty and chronic homelessness. It is our moral obligation to ensure that we do not erect more barriers for these children and families to access services when they are experiencing ex-treme hardship. I believe this bill is a commonsense solution that will ensure that homeless families and children can receive the help they need. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S.J. Res. 38. A joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Approval, Disapproval and Promulgation of Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans and Federal Imple-mentation Plan; Utah; Revisions to Re-gional Haze State Implementation Plan; Federal Implementation Plan for Regional Haze’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–83, the reappointment of the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the National Council on the Arts: the Honorable T
AMMY BALDWIN of Wisconsin. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 96–388, as amended by Public Law 97–84, and Public Law 106–292, reappoints the following Senators to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: the Honorable B
ERNARD SANDERS of Vermont and the Honorable A
L F
RANKEN of Minnesota. The Chair, pursuant to Executive order 12131, as amended and extended, appoints the following Senators to the President’s Export Council: the Honor-able A
MYKLOBUCHAR of Minnesota and the Honorable K
IRSTEN E. G ILLIBRAND  of New York. The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, reappoints the fol-lowing Senator to the Board of Trust-ees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: the Honorable M
ARKWARNER of Virginia. The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to Public Law 94– 304, as amended by Public Law 99–7, ap-points the following Senators as mem-bers of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki) during the 115th Congress: the Honor-able B
ENJAMIN L. C ARDIN of Maryland, the Honorable S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island, the Honorable T
OM U
DALL of New Mexico, and the Honor-able J
EANNE SHAHEEN of New Hamp-shire. The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appoints the following Mem-bers to serve on the Congressional-Ex-ecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: the Honorable D
IANNE FEINSTEIN of California, the Honorable J
EFF MERKLEY of Oregon, and the Honorable G
ARY C. P ETERS of Michigan. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2 p.m., Tuesday, March 14; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.J. Res. 42. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR—Continued 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator C
RUZ. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise today to commend the Senate for taking up legislation that I have introduced, along with my colleague in the House, Chairman K
EVIN BRADY , to reverse yet another instance of Executive over-reach by the Obama administration. H.J. Res. 42 passed the House 236 to 189, with support on both sides of the aisle, including nearly unanimous Re-publican support, and I urge my col-leagues in this Chamber to swiftly ap-prove this legislation and to send it to the President’s desk for his signature. In the bipartisan Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, Congress permitted but did not require States to assess State unemployment compensation or insurance program ap-plicants for drug usage under two cir-cumstances: workers who had been dis-charged from their last job because of unlawful drug use and workers looking for jobs in occupations where appli-cants and employees are subject to drug testing. The unemployment insurance pro-gram is designed to facilitate swift re-employment by requiring applicants to be able to work and actively seek em-ployment in order to be eligible. The 2012 job creation act noted that if a worker lost a job due to drug usage, that worker would have established him- or herself as not being fully able or available to work. Further, under appropriate State- level programs, States could choose to restrict benefits for individuals who fail drug tests as well as to design pro-grams to help them overcome their drug use and become work-ready. A number of States have responded to this opportunity. We are not helping anyone by leaving them in the position where they are dependent on and ad-dicted to drugs. In Texas, for example, the Texas Leg-islature passed senate bill 21, which not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.015 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1782 March 13, 2017 
only sought to secure the quality of job applicants, but it also provided help to those who needed it but would not have sought out that help otherwise them-selves. The wording of the 2012 job creation act clearly shows that Congress specifi-cally intended to provide States the ability to determine how to best imple-ment these programs for their citizens. However, the Obama Department of Labor substantially narrowed the law to circumstances where testing is le-gally required, not merely allowed. Such an arbitrarily narrow definition undermines the ability of States to conduct drug testing in their programs, as permitted by Congress. This regula-tion is overly prescriptive. It removes State discretion regarding implemen-tation, and it ignores years of congres-sional concern on both sides of the aisle. I thank Chairman B
RADY for taking the lead in the House on dealing with this overreach and for his leadership on H.J. Res. 42 to repeal this regulation. This joint resolution has broad sup-port, including from President Trump, Texas’s Governor Abbott, Mississippi’s Governor Bryant, Utah’s Governor Her-bert, and Wisconsin’s Governor Walker. All are united in restoring the flexi-bility of the States to deal with the problem of drug use and drug addiction and to tailor their unemployment pro-grams to meeting that problem. This is yet another step in over-turning the Obama administration’s Executive overreach that has done so much damage. I encourage my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this measure and to return dis-cretion to the States and to the people. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 2 P.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 2 p.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:16 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, March 14, 2017, at 2 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate March 13, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
SEEMA VERMA, OF INDIANA, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERV-ICES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.036 S13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE319 March 13, 2017 
IN TRIBUTE TO JOHN BARTKOWSKI 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 13, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Bartkowski who is retiring from the Sixteenth Street Community Health Cen-ters on March 31, 2017. He retires as CEO and President at the organization after serving for nearly 30 years. Mr. Bartkowski has spent much of his ca-reer at the Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers making an extraordinary impact on the lives of the people they serve through both innovation and growth. When John started at Sixteenth Street they had one storefront loca-tion and now have 5 sites. Over the decades he has led the organization as a tireless advo-cate and provider of quality care for commu-nity health concerns to make a real difference in the lives of the people they serve. 84 per-cent of the individuals they serve are Hispanic/ Latino, 19 percent are uninsured and 65 per-cent are at 100 percent of the Federal Poverty Level or under. There is a huge need for qual-ity bilingual services and Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers has met that need on all levels. While at the helm of Sixteenth Street Com-munity Health Centers some of John’s most notable achievements in addition to expansion include: the creation of an Environmental Health Department to address lead poisoning and asthma issues, formation of HIV/AIDS outreach which was later expanded to a De-partment, addition of Behavioral Health Serv-ices, Accreditation by the Joint Commission and initiation of the Annual Celebrity Roast to raise funds for the clinic. While he could have been satisfied with maintaining a focus solely on the clinic, John Bartkowski sought to better the entire community. He applied for funding and worked with partners to improve blighted areas like the Menomonee Valley and brought bike trails and new businesses to the area. John truly believes in the concept that a soci-ety becomes more vibrant and productive when it is inclusive and he has walked that talk. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to know and work with John Bartkowski for many years on a myriad of health issues. I join with friends and colleagues to congratulate him as he transitions into a different phase of his life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor John Bartkowski. The citizens of the Fourth Con-gressional District and the State of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of his ability and dedicated service working on their behalf for so many years. I thank him for all that he has done and I am indeed honored for these reasons to pay tribute to John Bartkowski. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 13, 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, March 10, 2016, I was unable to be present and missed the recorded votes on roll call no. 157 and 158 regarding H.R. 720, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 157, and YEA on Roll Call No. 158. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH IN JACKSON COUNTY, GA 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 13, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the economic growth that Jackson County has experienced over the past year. The investment of new companies in the Ninth District of Georgia has brought hundreds of new jobs to our community, and it is my hope that this growth will continue for years to come. For many years, companies have made their home alongside Interstate 85 in the mid-dle of Jackson County. The continued growth of e-commerce, in addition to the demand for expedited shipping by customers, has made it necessary for companies such as Amazon, Williams-Sonoma, and Whole Foods to ac-quire regional distribution centers. We are eager to welcome these companies, as well as many others, to northeast Georgia. In addition to the settlement of new compa-nies in Jackson County, there have been mul-tiple expansions that have been announced by already existing businesses and health cen-ters. The continued growth of these compa-nies shows that they have found a community in the Ninth District that is conducive to their businesses’ future. The number of companies that have de-cided to absorb industrial space in our district represents another notable step towards in-creased economic strength for our community. However, Jackson County is continuing to in-vest not only in the economic sector, but in the future of young men and women by cre-ating a college and career academy. In fall of 2017, the county will submit a proposal for this academy, which has the potential to attract new industries to northeast Georgia, as well as to educate the young men and women of our community. Mr. Speaker, I applaud this holistic approach to community growth on the part of Jackson County. HONORING THE 45TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE CAMILLUS ERIE CANAL PARK HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 13, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 45th anniversary of the Camillus Erie Canal Park in my hometown of Camillus, New York. Established in 1972, the Camillus Erie Canal Park is part of the Erie Canalway Na-tional Heritage Corridor in Upstate New York. It is maintained and operated by an entirely volunteer group dedicated to preserving and restoring the historic Erie Canal in the Town of Camillus. The Camillus Erie Canal Park offers Central New Yorkers, tourists, and students from across New York State over 10 miles of his-toric walkways, boat rides along the Erie Canal, and museums showcasing the history of the canal. Critical to the preservation of this historic site, members of the Camillus Erie Canal So-ciety and many hardworking volunteers in our community worked to restore the 1842 Nine Mile Creek Aqueduct at the Camillus Erie Canal Park. This is the only restored navi-gable aqueduct in New York State and is list-ed on the National Registry of Historic Sites. The Erie Canal stretches from Albany to Buffalo and has played a pivotal role in the so-cioeconomic development of New York State and our country. This corridor, which is cele-brating its 200th anniversary this year, was re-cently designated a National Historical Land-mark. I am proud to recognize the 45th anniver-sary of the Camillus Erie Canal Park, as well as the Camillus Erie Canal Society for the in-credible work they do to preserve the cultural heritage of the Erie Canal in Central New York. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.001 E13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE320 March 13, 2017 
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 14, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 15 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine assessing U.S. sanctions on Russia, focusing on the next steps. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine unmanned aircraft systems, focusing on innova-tion, integration, successes, and chal-lenges. SD–106 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine innovative solutions to control invasive species and promote wildlife conservation. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of dis-approval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 317, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government pro-grams and areas of duplication among them, S. 500, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, S. 218, to re-strict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of of-ficers and employees of the Federal Government, H.R. 274, to provide for re-imbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government busi-ness, H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the De-partment of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in man-aging the Department’s vehicle fleet, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act’’, and the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine visas, focus-ing on investigating K–1 fiance fraud. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine a bal-listic missile defense program update. SVC–217 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine STEM edu-cation, focusing on preparing students for the careers of today and the future. SD–138 11 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine six years of war in Syria, focusing on the human toll. SD–419 1:30 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine the Modus Operandi and toolbox of Russia and other autocracies for undermining de-mocracies throughout the world. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine GAO’s high risk list and the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. SR–418 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine all arms warfare in the 21st century. SR–232A MARCH 20 11 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. SH–216 MARCH 21 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine FDA user fee agreements, focusing on improving medical product innovation for pa-tients. SD–430 MARCH 22 9 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organiza-tions. SD–G50 MARCH 29 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine how small businesses confront and shape regula-tions. SR–428A 
POSTPONEMENTS 
MARCH 15 2:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine raising grandchildren in the opioid crisis and beyond. SD–562 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13MR8.000 E13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
D275 Monday, March 13, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1753—S1782 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 607–615, and S.J. Res. 38.
                                                                 Page S1778 
Measures Reported: S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to cer-tain investment fund research reports, with amend-ments. S. 444, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company. S. 462, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess pay-ments made to the Commission. S. 484, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies lo-cated in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States, with amend-ments. S. 488, to increase the threshold for disclosures re-quired by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans.
         Page S1778 
Measures Considered: Department of Labor Rule—Agreement: Senate began consideration of H.J. Res. 42, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to drug testing of unemployment compensa-tion applicants, after agreeing to the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of the joint resolution. 
                                                                                            Page S1772 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 2 p.m., on Tuesday, March 14, 2017.
                                                                                Page S1781 
Appointments: National Council on the Arts: The Chair an-nounced, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursu-ant to Public Law 105–83, the reappointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Na-tional Council on the Arts: Senator Baldwin.                                                                                             Page S1781 
United States Holocaust Memorial Council: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pur-suant to Public Law 96–388, as amended by Public Law 97–84, and Public Law 106–292, reappointed the following Senators to the United States Holo-caust Memorial Council: Senators Sanders and Franken.
                                                                          Page S1781 
President’s Export Council: The Chair, pursuant to Executive Order 12131, as amended and ex-tended, appointed the following Senators to the President’s Export Council: Senators Klobuchar and Gillibrand.
                                                                     Page S1781 
Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Cen-ter for the Performing Arts: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, reappointed the following Senator to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts: Senator War-ner.
                                                                                    Page S1781 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope (Helsinki): The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to Public Law 94–304, as amended by Public Law 99–7, appointed the fol-lowing Senators as members of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki) dur-ing the 115th Congress: Senators Cardin, White-house, Udall, and Shaheen.
                                   Page S1781 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appointed the following Members to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senators Feinstein, Merkley, and Peters.
                                                Page S1781 
Coats Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indi-ana, to be Director of National Intelligence. 
                                                                                            Page S1772 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR7.REC D13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST_GL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD276 March 13, 2017 
Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, March 15, 2017.
                                                        Page S1772 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1772 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1772 
McMaster Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration the nomination of Herbert R. McMaster, Jr., to be Lieutenant General.
      Page S1772 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence.
                     Page S1772 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1772 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1772 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 86), Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
       Page S1771 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1777 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1777 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1777–78 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1778–80 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1780–81 
Additional Statements: Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—86)                                                                   Page S1771 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:16 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, March 14, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1781.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee announced following subcommittee assign-ments for the 115th Congress: Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sen-ators Inhofe (Chair), Capito, Boozman, Wicker, Fischer, Moran, Ernst, Sullivan, Shelby, Cardin, Sanders, Whitehouse, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, Duckworth, and Harris. Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety: Senators Capito (Chair), Inhofe, Boozman, Wicker, Fischer, Moran, Ernst, Shelby,Whitehouse, Cardin, Sanders, Merkley, Gillibrand, Markey, and Duckworth. Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife: Senators Boozman (Chair), Inhofe, Capito, Wicker, Fischer, Rounds, Sullivan, Shelby, Duckworth, Cardin, Whitehouse, Merkley, Gillibrand, Booker, and Mar-key. Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Reg-ulatory Oversight: Senators Rounds (Chair), Moran, Ernst, Sullivan, Harris, Sanders, and Booker. Senators Barrasso and Carper serve as ex officio members of each subcommittee. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: Additional Cosponsors: Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Cheney to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2055 
Communication from the Sergeant-at-Arms: The House received a communication from Paul D. Ir-ving, Sergeant-at-Arms, wherein he notified the House that the time previously appointed for the next meeting of the House was to be 12 noon on Tuesday, March 14, 2017. Pursuant to clause 12(c) of rule I, the Sergeant-at-Arms notified the House that an imminent impairment of the place of recon-vening at that time is due to the weather. Subse-quently, the Chair announced that the rescheduling of the time of meeting for the House at 12 noon on Monday, March 13, 2017 had been communicated to the Members.
                                                               Page H2055 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR7.REC D13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST_GL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D277 March 13, 2017 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and at 12:02 p.m. stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine information surrounding the Marines United website; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SR–222, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine continuing to improve truck safety on our na-tion’s highways, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine opportunities to improve American en-ergy infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambas-sador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1367, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘VA Accountability First Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1181, the ‘‘Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 14 through March 17, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 2 p.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.J. Res. 42, Department of Labor Rule. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: March 15, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to ex-amine a ballistic missile defense program update, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. March 15, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine STEM education, focusing on preparing students for the careers of today and the future, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: March 14, to hold hearings to examine information surrounding the Marines United website; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SR–222, 10 a.m., SD–G50. March 15, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine all arms warfare in the 21st century, 3:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 14, to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine assessing U.S. sanctions on Russia, focusing on the next steps, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 14, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Mer-chant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine continuing to improve truck safety on our nation’s highways, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. March 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine unmanned aircraft systems, focusing on innovation, integration, successes, and challenges, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: March 14, to hold hearings to examine opportunities to improve Amer-ican energy infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: March 15, to hold hearings to examine innovative solutions to con-trol invasive species and promote wildlife conservation, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: March 14, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: March 15, to hold hear-ings to examine six years of war in Syria, focusing on the human toll, 11 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: March 15, business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the ex-ecutive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 317, to pro-vide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, S. 500, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR7.REC D13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST_GL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD278 March 13, 2017 of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, S. 218, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government, H.R. 274, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Depart-ment’s vehicle fleet, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act’’, and the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: March 15, to hold hearings to examine visas, focusing on investigating K–1 finance fraud, 10 a.m., SD–226. March 15, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine the Modus Operandi and tool-box of Russia and other autocracies for undermining de-mocracies throughout the world, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: March 15, to hold hear-ings to examine GAO’s high risk list and the Veterans Health Administration, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: March 14, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. March 15, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 1:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, March 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Agriculture and Tax Reform: Opportu-nities for Rural America’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. March 16, Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horti-culture, and Research, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Agricultural Research’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. March 16, Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Forestry Initia-tives’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, March 15, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Corporation for Public Broadcasting, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Investing in the Future—Early Childhood Edu-cation Programs at the Department of Health and Human Services’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. March 16, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on Department of Transportation and Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 15, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Crafting an Information Warfare and Counter-Propa-ganda Strategy for the Emerging Security Environment’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Current State of the U.S. Navy’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Review of Infrastruc-ture Needs and Projects Ready for Immediate Implemen-tation in the Nuclear Security Enterprise’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effect of Sequestration and Continuing Resolutions on Army Modernization and Readiness’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, March 15, Full Committee, markup on reconciliation submissions, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 15, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Federal Student Aid to Better Meet the Needs of Students’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. March 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hon-oring Our Commitment to Recover and Protect Missing and Exploited Children’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, March 15, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing En-ergy Infrastructure: Challenges and Opportunities to Ex-panding Hydropower Generation’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. March 15, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Advanced Materials and Production’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Smart Communities’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing en-titled ‘‘Reinvestment and Rehabilitation of Our Nation’s Safe Drinking Water Delivery Systems’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Ethics, March 15, Full Committee, organi-zational meeting for the 115th Congress, 1:30 p.m., 1015 Longworth. Committee on Financial Services, March 16, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Sound Monetary Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Reform: A Community Perspective’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, March 16, Sub-committee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR7.REC D13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST_GL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D279 March 13, 2017 hearing entitled ‘‘Immigration Benefits Vetting: Exam-ining Critical Weaknesses in USCIS Systems’’, 9:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, March 15, Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, business meeting on adoption of the Subcommittee’s Rules of Procedure and Statement of Policy for Private Immigration Bills and Statement of Policy on Federal Charters and Request DHS Departmental Reports on the Beneficiaries of H.R. 349, H.R. 780 and H.R. 461, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. March 15, Full Committee, markup on S. 305, the ‘‘Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1393, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Prop-erty, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Bringing Justice Closer to the People: Examining Ideas for Restructuring the 9th Circuit’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. March 16, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Com-bating Crimes Against Children: Assessing the Legal Landscape’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, March 15, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Creation and Management of Marine Monu-ments and Sanctuaries’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. March 16, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing en-titled ‘‘Identifying Innovative Infrastructure Ideas for the National Park Service and Forest Service’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 16, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 756, the ‘‘Postal Serv-ice Reform Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 760, the ‘‘Postal Service Financial Improvement Act of 2017’’, 1:00 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, March 16, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Cafeteria Plans: A Menu of Non-Options for Small Business Owners’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 16, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: The National Preparedness System’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, March 15, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Vis-iting Program’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR7.REC D13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST_GL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD280 March 13, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Tuesday, March 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.J. Res. 42, Department of Labor Rule. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Subject to the call of the Chair 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Collins, Doug, Ga., E319 Katko, John, N.Y., E319 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E319 Walden, Greg, Ore., E319 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Mar 14, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13MR7.REC D13MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST_GL